--- Page 1 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS dated 14 April 2023 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC 
(a protected cell company incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
and 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
(a company incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
USD 50,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured 
Note and Certificate Programmes 
This Base Prospectus describes the USD 50,000,000,000 secured and unsecured note and certificate 
programme (the “Programme”) of (i) Memel Capital PCC (“Memel”), acting in respect of its 
protected cells from time to time and (ii) Alphabeta Access Products Ltd (previously named Oder 
Capital Limited) (“Alphabeta”). 
Under the Programme, each of Memel acting in respect of its protected cells from time to time and 
Alphabeta, as specified in the relevant Issuance Document (as defined below) (each of Memel acting in 
respect of its protected cells from time to time and Alphabeta, an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue 
secured notes (“Secured Notes”), unsecured notes (the “Unsecured Notes” and, together with the 
Secured Notes, the “Notes”), secured certificates (“Secured Certificates”) and unsecured certificates 
(“Unsecured Certificates and, together with the Secured Certificates, the “Certificates”) (the Notes 
and Certificates together the “Securities”) on the terms set out herein, as further detailed in the 
applicable final terms (“Final Terms”) or pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement” and, together 
with the Final Terms, the “Issuance Documents” and each of them an “Issuance Document”).  This 
Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable Issuance Documents prepared in 
connection therewith, which will include details of the relevant Issuer in respect of the relevant Series.  
The aggregate principal amount of Securities outstanding under the Programme will not at any time 
exceed USD 50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
References in this Base Prospectus to (i) the “Issuer” shall, unless otherwise specified, be construed as 
references to each of the Issuers separately; (ii) the “Securities” or a “Series” are respectively 
references to the “Securities” or “Series” issued by the relevant Issuer and (iii) the “Issuer” in respect 
of any particular Series are references to the Issuer of such particular Series. 
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Securities issued by itself and such Securities and any 
obligations in connection thereto will not be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the Programme 
or any other person.  In particular, for the avoidance of doubt, an Issuer shall not be responsible for and 
shall not be subject to any obligations in respect of the Securities issued by any other Issuer under the 
Programme and shall have no rights in connection thereto. 
Securityholders (as defined below) in respect of a particular Series shall have recourse (within the limits 
provided for under the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series and shall 
have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person. 
Each Series issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below) in respect of such Series) 
shall be segregated from any other Series issued by the same Issuer (and the Series Assets (as defined 
below) in respect of any other Series), as specified below.  In particular, (i) in respect of Securities 
issued by Alphabeta, segregation between various Series issued by Alphabeta (and relevant Series 
Assets (as defined below)) shall be based on the contractual provisions included in the Transaction 
Documents in respect of the relevant Series and (ii) in respect of Securities issued by Memel acting on 
behalf of any of its protected cells, segregation between various Series issued by Memel acting on behalf 
of any of its protected cells (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) shall be based on statutory

--- Page 2 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
2 
 
provisions applicable under Jersey law in respect of protected cell companies (as specified below) and 
on the contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents in respect of the relevant Series. 
In particular, in respect of Securities issued by Memel, each Series is issued by Memel acting in respect 
of its relevant protected cell specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Securities.  Each such 
protected cell is a protected cell of Memel, being a Jersey protected cell company, and the 
Securityholders in respect of a specific Series issued by Memel will only have recourse to the assets 
from time to time attributable to the protected cell represented by Memel in respect of the relevant 
Series as specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Securities.  Securityholders will not have 
recourse to any assets attributed to any other protected cell of Memel other than such protected cell or 
any assets held by Memel in its own capacity. 
The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, may either (i) purchase bonds, notes or shares of any 
denomination, type or issuer or other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document 
(“Underlying Assets”) and/or (ii) obtain exposure to the reference assets specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document (the “Reference Assets”) by either entering into a swap or other derivative (a 
“Swap”) with Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, any of its affiliates or any other financial 
institution (the “Swap Counterparty”) which references the Reference Assets or as otherwise specified 
in the relevant Issuance Document. Securities issued on the basis of Final Terms or a Pricing 
Supplement that are to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market 
(as defined below) or GEM (as defined below), as applicable, will not be linked to Reference Assets 
(unless such Securities are issued pursuant to a Series Prospectus (as defined below)). 
Securities will be issued in Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) and each Series will 
either consist of (i) Secured Notes and Secured Series Custodian Notes only; (ii) Secured Certificates 
and Secured Series Custodian Certificates only (each of (i) and (ii), a “Secured Series”); (iii) Unsecured 
Notes and Unsecured Series Custodian Notes only; or (iv) Unsecured Certificates and Unsecured Series 
Custodian Certificates only (each of (iii) and (iv), an “Unsecured Series” and, together with the Secured 
Series, the “Series”).   
Each Secured Series (other than the Secured Series Custodian Notes and Secured Series Custodian 
Certificates (together the “Secured Series Custodian Securities”)) will be secured by a charge on 
and/or assignment of and/or other security over or in respect of (i) Underlying Assets owned by or held 
on behalf of the Issuer and (ii) any sums held in a cash account (if any) for such Series and (iii) all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying Assets and all sums held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in relation to such Secured Series; and (iv) the Issuer’s right, title and interest under 
(a) the Custody Agreement (if applicable) (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Securities”); (b) 
the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Securities”); (c) any agreement 
under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps; (d) any agreement by which the Issuer purchases 
the Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Secured Series; and/or (e) any other Related Agreement 
or Transaction Document (each as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Securities”) to which 
the Issuer is party and such additional property as may be described in the relevant Issuance Document 
(together, the “Mortgaged Property”).  The Secured Series Custodian Securities of a Secured Series 
will not be secured by or have recourse to the Mortgaged Property for that Series or any other asset. 
Each Unsecured Series will not be secured and the Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Securities) will rely for their payment on, inter alia, (i) Underlying Assets owned by 
or held on behalf of the Issuer, (ii) any sums held in a cash account (if any) for such Series, (iii) all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying Assets and all sums held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in relation such Unsecured Series; and (iv) the Issuer’s right, title and interest under 
(a) the Custody Agreement (if applicable); (b) the Agency Agreement; (c) any agreement under which 
the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps; (d) any agreement by which the Issuer purchases the 
Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Unsecured Series; and/or (e) any other Related Agreement 
or Transaction Document to which the Issuer is party as may be described in the relevant Issuance 
Document (together, the “Unsecured Series Property” and, together with the Mortgaged Property, the

--- Page 3 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
3 
 
“Series Assets”).  The Unsecured Series Custodian Securities of an Unsecured Series will not have 
recourse to the Unsecured Series Property for that Series or any other asset.  All present and future 
creditors of specific Series Assets of a Series (including service providers for such particular Series) 
will have their recourse limited to the Series Assets of such Series.  The Unsecured Series Property of 
an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced against the claims of other creditors by virtue of having the 
benefit of any security.  There can be no guarantee that unspecified third parties will not make any 
claims against the Unsecured Series Property, and that any Unsecured Series Property will be available 
to meet the claims of the holders of Unsecured Securities (the “Unsecured Securityholders”) at any 
time. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Securities (the “Securityholders”) of a particular Series will 
be limited to the Series Assets applicable to that Series.  If the net proceeds of the enforcement or 
liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due 
in respect of the Securities of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be available for payment 
of any shortfall arising therefrom.  Any such shortfall shall be borne by Securityholders of each Series 
as specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further 
payment in excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect 
of any such shortfall remaining after either (i) in the case of Secured Securities, realisation of the 
Mortgaged Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed or (ii) in respect 
of Unsecured Securities, liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property and application of the proceeds 
in accordance with the Trust Deed.  None of the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable) or 
any Securityholder may take any further action to recover such shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”).  This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central 
Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuers or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
Application will be made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) for certain Securities issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Euronext Official List”) 
and admitted to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”).  The Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”).  Such 
approval relates only to the Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent 
of the Issuers for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  The obligation to supplement it in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the 
date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
Application may also be made to Euronext Dublin for the Securities issued under the Programme for 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its Global Exchange Market (“GEM”).  This document constitutes “Base Listing Particulars”

--- Page 4 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
4 
 
for the purpose of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin.  The GEM is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  Such approval relates only to the Securities which are 
to be admitted to trading on the GEM. 
Additionally, application will be made to the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (the 
“GSX”) for Securities issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to its MTF market (the “Global Market”).  References in this Base Prospectus to 
Securities being “listed” on the GSX (and all related references) shall mean that such Securities have 
been admitted to the Global Market.  The Global Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU. 
However, unlisted Securities may be issued pursuant to the Programme and the Programme provides 
that Securities may be listed on such other stock exchange(s) outside the EU or markets as may be 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  The relevant Issuance Document in respect of the issue 
of any Securities, will specify whether or not application has been made for such Securities to be 
(i) listed on the Euronext Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to 
trading on GEM, (ii) admitted to the Global Market or (iii) listed on or admitted to trading on any other 
stock exchange or if the relevant Securities will be unlisted. 
Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or any 
other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II may only be issued (i) by way of Final Terms under 
this Base Prospectus or (ii) pursuant to a series prospectus relating to the Securities that incorporates by 
reference to whole or any part of this Base Prospectus (the “Series Prospectus”). 
Securities may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus where (i) a public 
offering of the Securities is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination (in the case of Notes) 
and the minimum specified unit value (in the case of Certificates) shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Securities) and (iii) the Underlying Assets constitute 
Specified Underlying Assets (as defined herein) and (iv) the Swap Counterparty is a Specified Swap 
Counterparty.  Where (i) a public offering or distribution of the Securities is intended, (ii) the minimum 
specified denomination (in the case of Notes) and the minimum specified unit value (in the case of 
Certificates) is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Securities) or (iii) the Underlying Assets of the Securities are not Specified Underlying Assets or 
(iv) the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Securities is not a Specified Swap Counterparty, then a 
Series Prospectus will be required for the Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of 
a Pricing Supplement under these Base Listing Particulars.  For this purpose, references in these Base 
Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Series Prospectus(es)” shall be 
deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Listing Particulars 
Supplement(s)” respectively. 
Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may only be issued by 
way of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement, as applicable, where (i) a public offering of the Securities 
is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination (in the case of Notes) and the minimum 
specified unit value (in the case of Certificates) shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Securities) and (iii) the Underlying Assets constitute Specified Underlying 
Assets (as defined herein) and (iv) the Swap Counterparty is a Specified Swap Counterparty.  Where 
(i) a public offering or distribution of the Securities is intended, (ii) the minimum specified 
denomination (in the case of Notes) and the minimum specified unit value (in the case of Certificates)  
is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Securities) or 
(iii) the Underlying Assets of the Securities are not Specified Underlying Assets or (iv) the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the Securities is not a Specified Swap Counterparty, then a Series Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
5 
 
will be required for the Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market or equivalent market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a Listing Particulars for the purposes of listing on the Global Market 
of the GSX and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Securities which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Securities, is necessary to enable investors to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer. 
Payments in respect of the Securities comprising each Series will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes unless required by law.  The Issuer will not be obliged to gross 
up payments in respect of the Securities and any imposition of withholding taxes on payments in respect 
thereof may lead to redemption of Securities.  See “Terms and Conditions of the Securities – 
Redemption, Cash Settlement, Purchase and Exchange”. 
The Securities of a Series will be held through a clearing system and represented by a Global Security, 
the Global Security will be held by a common depositary appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
The Securities will be obligations solely of the relevant Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of any other Issuer or entity, including in the case of Securities issued by Memel, Memel 
or any of Memel’s other protected cells. 
The Issuer accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To the best of 
the knowledge and belief of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus as at the date 
hereof is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.  No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Issuance Document in connection 
with the issue or sale of a Series and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer (each as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”).  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required the 
Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  The Securities 
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States.  The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the U.S. Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”).  Consequently, the Securities may not be 
offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), except in 
accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer 
from having to register under the Investment Company Act.  The Securities may only be offered for 
sale outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S 
and in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and directives.  In addition, the Securities may not 
be transferred or held by any person that is a “United States Person” within the meaning of

--- Page 6 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
6 
 
section 7701(a)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.  See “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any Securities 
issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.   
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Issuance Document in respect of any Securities 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any Securities 
issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or

--- Page 7 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
7 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – The Issuance Document in respect of any Securities 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment.  However, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
The Dealer agrees that a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”) and/or the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), as applicable, the Dealer 
subscribing for the Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but that, otherwise, neither 
the Arranger, Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules and/or UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, respectively. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. 
Purchasers of Securities should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Issuer, the security arrangements and the Securities as they consider appropriate to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Securities. The Dealer does not make any representation, 
recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or 
completeness of the information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other 
document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the Securities and does not accept any 
responsibility or liability therefor.  The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Securities of any information coming to the attention of 
the Dealer. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that this document contains all information 
with respect to the Issuer and the Securities that is material in the context of the issue and offering of 
the Securities, the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer are in every material particular true 
and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with 
regard to the Issuer are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances 
and are based on reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer or the 
Securities the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Securities, make 
any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and all reasonable enquiries 
have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information 
and statements. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus.  This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an 
investment in the Securities.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a

--- Page 8 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
8 
 
recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other financial statements should purchase the Securities. Prospective purchasers of Securities should 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements (if 
any), the Securities, the Issuer (applicable to their Series) and the Underlying Shares (applicable to their 
Series) as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.  
Prospective purchasers of Securities should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a 
“Supplement”) and the applicable Issuance Document (if any) and the merits and risks of investing in 
the Securities in the context of their financial position and circumstances.  The Dealer does not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Securities 
of any information coming to the attention of the Dealer.  The risk factors identified in this Base 
Prospectus and are provided as general information only and the Dealer disclaims any responsibility to 
advise purchasers of Securities of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they 
may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
A copy of this document has not been delivered to the registrar of companies in Jersey (the “Jersey 
Registrar”), as it is not necessary, in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended, to obtain the consent of the Jersey Registrar prior to its circulation as 
this document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Article 1 of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991, as amended.  The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “Commission”) has given, 
and has not withdrawn, or will have given prior to the issue of the Securities and not withdrawn, its 
consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Securities.  
The Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against 
liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  It must be distinctly understood that, 
in giving these consents, neither the Jersey Registrar nor the Commission takes any responsibility for 
the financial soundness of the Issuers or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions 
expressed, with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser.  It should be remembered that the price of 
securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
The directors of the Issuers have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in this document 
are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the omission of which 
would make misleading any statement in the document, whether of facts or of opinion.  All the directors 
accept responsibility accordingly.  The investments described in this document do not constitute a 
collective investment fund for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, 
as amended, on the basis that they are investment products designed for financially sophisticated 
investors with specialist knowledge of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are 
capable of fully evaluating the risks involved in making such investments and who have an asset 
base sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result 
of making such investments.  These investments are not regarded by the Commission as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor. 
Neither the investments described in this document nor the activities of any functionary with 
regard to such investments are subject to all the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) 
Law 1998. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult 
his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated 
with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that 
may arise from it.

--- Page 9 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
9 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“US$” and “US dollars” are to United States dollars, references to “Euro” and “€” are to the lawful 
currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted a single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty of European Union 
and references to “GBP” and “£” are references to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND 
NONE OF THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED 
STATES HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN 
THE UNITED STATES. 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED 
AND WILL NOT REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT.  THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S).  THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
OFFER AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-
U.S. PERSONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, FOR THE LISTING OF THE SECURITIES ON 
IRISH STOCK EXCHANGE’S (EURONEXT DUBLIN) EURONEXT OFFICIAL LIST AND 
TRADING ON THE REGULATED MARKET OR GEM OR FOR THE LISTING OF THE 
SECURITIES ON THE GLOBAL MARKET (MTF) OF THE GIBRALTAR STOCK EXCHANGE.  
IN ADDITION, THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR HELD BY ANY PERSON 
THAT IS A “UNITED STATES PERSON” WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986.  FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND 
CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE SECURITIES AND 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS”. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained within this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements.  All statements 
other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, 
those regarding the Issuer’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management 
for future operations, are forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking 
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future.  These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuers expressly disclaim any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based, save as otherwise required to 
comply with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
10 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Securities 
The Securities issued under the Programme are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and 
are suitable only for sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience and access 
to such professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own evaluation of 
the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, 
legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment) and who have considered 
the suitability of such Securities in light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  Prospective 
investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the 
Securities, and the extent of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Securities and, before 
making their investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this Base 
Prospectus, any applicable Supplements and the applicable Issuance Document and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below.  Owing to the structured nature of the Securities, their price may be more 
volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
Investors 
Each prospective investor in Securities should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Securities, including where principal may reduce or be 
lost in its entirety as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness 
of any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, prices or indices, or where the currency for 
principal payments is different from the prospective investor’s currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Securities are legal investments for it, and/or 
(ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge of any Securities.  Financial institutions 
should consult their professional advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction 
Parties in respect of any Series or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination 
as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Market Risk 
The redemption amounts payable under the Securities of a Series are determined by reference to the 
amount of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) the market price of the Securities may be volatile; 
(b) payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected; 
(c) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(d) the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or indices; 
(e) the timing of changes in the value of the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, may affect the actual yield to investors.

--- Page 11 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
11 
 
No fiduciary or advisory role 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other parties to the Relevant Agreements (the “Series 
Transaction Parties”) or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser, and none 
of them (other than the Series Trustee and the Security Trustee to the extent set out in the Principal 
Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Securities or any other party, 
including the Issuer.  In respect of each Series the Series Trustee holds the benefit of the Issuer’s 
covenant to pay on trust for the Securityholders of such Series pursuant to the Trust Deed and has certain 
fiduciary duties towards the Securityholders such as its duty to act in good faith and not to make an 
unauthorised profit. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties assumes any responsibility 
for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Reference Assets and/or 
Underlying Assets or the terms of any Reference Assets and/or Underlying Assets. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series 
Transaction Parties in respect of any investment in the Securities. 
Therefore, to the extent potential investors are not, on the basis of their knowledge, experience and 
sophistication, able to make an autonomous decision in respect of an investment in the Securities, they 
should obtain independent professional advice in order to make their own evaluation of the risks and 
the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, legal, 
regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment). 
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any Reference Assets and/or 
Underlying Assets, or any issuer or obligor of any Reference Assets and/or Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by 
or on behalf of any such issuer or obligor or in respect of such Reference Assets and/or Underlying 
Assets, with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties makes any representation 
or warranty in respect of the Reference Assets and/or Underlying Assets. 
Securities are obligations of an Issuer only 
The Securities issued by an Issuer will be obligations solely of such Issuer and will not be the 
responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any other Issuer under the Programme or any of Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, its affiliates or any other party named in this Base Prospectus and no person other 
than such Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by such Issuer to pay any 
amount due under the Securities. 
In particular, each Issuer is a separate legal entity and the fact that the Issuers may from time to time 
issue Securities under the same Programme cannot be construed as an acceptance by an Issuer of any 
responsibility in respect of Securities issued by the other Issuer. 
Securityholders in respect of a particular Series shall have recourse (within the limits provided for under 
the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series and shall have no rights in 
respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person.

--- Page 12 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
12 
 
Change of law 
The Conditions, the issue of the Securities and the ratings which may be assigned (if applicable) to the 
Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the Securities.  The Issuer, where 
referring to Alphabeta only, is incorporated under the laws of Jersey and the Issuer, where referring to 
Memel acting in respect of its protected calls only, is recognised under the laws of Jersey.  No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Jersey law 
or any relevant administrative practice after the date of issue of the Securities.

--- Page 13 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
13 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 10 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 14 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ..................................................................................... 69 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 144 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC AND ITS PROTECTED CELLS .............................................................................. 146 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD .................................................................................................. 149 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY ...................................................................................... 153 
UNDERLYING ASSETS - DESCRIPTION ................................................................................................ 159 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY ......................................... 160 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................... 162 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................................................... 169 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 177 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 179 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................... 198 
INDEX ................................................................................................................................................. 216

--- Page 14 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
14 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the 
Issuance Document relating to the Series of which any Security is a part: 
General: 
Under the Programme, each of the Issuers (as defined below) 
may from time to time issue secured notes (“Secured Notes”), 
unsecured notes (the “Unsecured Notes” and, together with the 
Secured Notes, the “Notes”), secured certificates (“Secured 
Certificates”) and unsecured certificates (the “Unsecured 
Certificates” and, together with the Secured Certificates, the 
“Certificates”) (the Notes and Certificates, the “Securities”) on 
the terms set out herein, as further detailed in the applicable 
Issuance Document. 
The aggregate principal amount of Securities outstanding under 
the Programme will not at any time exceed the Programme Limit 
(as defined below). 
The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, may either 
(i) purchase bonds, notes or shares of any denomination, type or 
issuer or other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document (“Underlying Assets”) and/or (ii) obtain exposure to 
the reference assets specified in the relevant Issuance Document 
(the “Reference Assets”) by either entering into a swap or other 
derivative (a “Swap”) with the Swap Counterparty (as defined 
below) which references the Reference Assets or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be listed or unlisted, 
as specified herein. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Securities (the 
“Securityholders”) of a particular Series will be limited to the 
Series Assets applicable to that Series.  If the net proceeds of the 
enforcement or liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are 
not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect 
of the Securities of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will 
not be available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. 
Any such shortfall shall be borne by Securityholders of each 
Series as specified in the relevant Issuance Document. 
The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in 
excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be 
owed by the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall remaining after 
either (i) in the case of Secured Securities realisation of the 
Mortgaged Property and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the Trust Deed or (ii) in respect of Unsecured 
Securities, liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property and 
application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed.

--- Page 15 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
15 
 
None of the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable) or 
any Securityholder may take any further action to recover such 
shortfall. 
Issuers: 
Under the Programme, Memel Capital PCC (“Memel”), acting 
in respect of its protected cells from time to time or Alphabeta 
Access Products Ltd (“Alphabeta”), as specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document in respect of each Series (each of Memel 
acting in respect of its protected cells from time to time and 
Alphabeta, an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”). 
Memel’s 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
number 
(“LEI”) 
is 
635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75. 
The registered office of Memel is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD.  The share capital of Memel is £10,000 divided 
into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two shares have been 
issued and are fully paid up and the share capital of Memel is 
£10,000 divided into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each. 
Alphabeta’s LEI is 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96. 
The registered office of Alphabeta is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD.  The share capital of the Alphabeta is £10,000 
divided into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two shares 
have been issued and are fully paid up. 
References in this Base Prospectus to (i) the “Issuer” shall, 
unless otherwise specified, be construed as references to each of 
the Issuers separately; (ii) the “Securities” or a “Series” are 
respectively references to the “Securities” or “Series” issued by 
the relevant Issuer and (iii) the “Issuer” in respect of any 
particular Series are references to the Issuer of such particular 
Series. 
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Securities issued by 
itself and such Securities and any obligations in connection 
thereto will not be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the 
Programme or any other person.  In particular, for the avoidance 
of doubt, an Issuer shall not be responsible for and shall not be 
subject to any obligations in respect of the Securities issued by 
any other Issuer under the Programme and shall have no rights in 
connection thereto. 
Securityholders in respect of a particular Series shall have 
recourse (within the limits provided for under the Programme) 
only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series and shall 
have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme 
or any other person. 
Each Series issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series Assets (as 
defined below) in respect of such Series) shall be segregated from 
any other Series issued by the same Issuer (and the Series Assets 
(as defined below) in respect of any other Series), as specified 
below.  In particular, (i) in respect of Securities issued by

--- Page 16 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
16 
 
Alphabeta, segregation between various Series issued by 
Alphabeta (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) shall 
be based on the contractual provisions included in the 
Transaction Documents in respect of the relevant Series and 
(ii) in respect of Securities issued by Memel acting on behalf of 
any of its protected cells, segregation between various Series 
issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of its protected cells 
(and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) shall be based on 
statutory provisions applicable under Jersey law in respect of 
protected cell companies (as specified below) and on the 
contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents in 
respect of the relevant Series. 
In particular, in respect of Securities issued by Memel, each 
Series are issued by Memel acting in respect of its relevant 
protected cell specified in the relevant Issuance Document for 
such Securities.  Each such protected cell is a protected cell of 
Memel, being a Jersey protected cell company, and the 
Securityholders in respect of a specific Series issued by Memel 
will only have recourse to the assets from time to time 
attributable to the protected cell represented by Memel in respect 
of the relevant Series as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document for such Securities. Securityholders will not have 
recourse to any assets attributed to any other protected cell of 
Memel other than such protected cell or any assets held by 
Memel in its own capacity. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised: 
(a) 
in respect of Memel, by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Memel (the “Memel Board”) on 25 March 
2021.  This Base Prospectus was presented to the Memel 
Board in connection with the update of the Programme 
and approved by resolutions of the Memel Board passed 
on or around the date of this Base Prospectus.  The issue 
of each Series will be authorised by a separate resolution 
of the Memel Board; and 
(b) 
in respect of Alphabeta, by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Alphabeta (the “Alphabeta Board”) on 27 
September 2021.  This Base Prospectus was presented to 
the Alphabeta Board in connection with the update of the 
Programme and approved by resolutions of the 
Alphabeta Board passed on or around the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  The issue of each Series will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Alphabeta 
Board. 
Description: 
USD 50,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note and 
Certificate Programme. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to USD 50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the trade date of the relevant Securities) aggregate principal 
amount of Securities outstanding at any one time.

--- Page 17 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
17 
 
Dealer, Arranger and Series 
Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Calculation Agent: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or any other party as 
specified in the Issuance Document 
Disposal Agent: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. or any other party as 
specified in the Issuance Document 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or any other 
party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch or any 
other party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Series Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited or any other 
party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Security Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited or any other 
party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Swap Counterparty: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, any of its affiliates or 
any other financial institutions, as specified in the Issuance 
Document 
Corporate Administrator: 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited.  The registered office of 
the corporate administrator is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD 
Cash Account Bank: 
In the case of an Alphabeta Programme, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch 
Status of Securities: 
The Securities of each particular Series will be issued either as 
Secured Securities and Secured Series Custodian Securities only 
or Unsecured Securities and Unsecured Series Custodian 
Securities only. 
The Secured Securities of each Secured Series (other than 
Secured Series Custodian Securities) will be secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Securities – Status, 
Security and Assets of the Issuer – Mortgaged Property”. 
The Unsecured Securities of each Unsecured Series (other than 
the Unsecured Series Custodian Securities) will be limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, will not be secured and will have 
the rights described in “Terms and Conditions of the Securities – 
Status, Security and Assets of the Issuer – Unsecured Series 
Property”.  Recourse in respect of any Unsecured Series will be 
limited to the Unsecured Series Property in respect of that 
Unsecured Series.

--- Page 18 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
18 
 
Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to the Series 
Assets in respect of that Series.  If the net proceeds of such Series 
Assets are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due 
in respect of the Securities of that Series, the other assets of the 
Issuer will not be available for payment of any shortfall arising 
therefrom.  Any such shortfall shall be borne by the 
Securityholders of such Series as specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document.  The Issuer will not be obliged to make any 
further payment in excess of such net proceeds and accordingly 
no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such shortfall 
remaining after either (i) in respect of Secured Securities, 
realisation of the Mortgaged Property and application of the 
proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed or (ii) in respect of 
Unsecured Securities, liquidation of the Unsecured Series 
Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with the 
Trust Deed.  None of the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee, if 
applicable, or any Securityholder may take any further action to 
recover such shortfall.  In particular, none of the Series Trustee, 
the Security Trustee, if applicable, or any Securityholder, shall 
be entitled to institute or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, winding up or bankruptcy 
proceedings (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets. 
In the case of Securities issued by Memel, holders of such 
Securities will not have recourse to any assets attributed to any 
other protected cell of Memel or any assets held by Memel in its 
own capacity. 
Series Assets: 
The Series Assets may include bonds, notes or shares of any 
form, denomination, type and issuer or other assets as specified 
in the Issuance Document.  The Series Assets will also include 
cash or assets held in a cash or custody account with the 
Custodian and any contractual rights which the Issuer has against 
its service providers and the Swap Counterparty and parties in 
Transaction Documents relating to a specific Series and any other 
assets specified in the relevant Issuance Document or 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Series Assets of Secured Securities are referred to as Mortgaged 
Property.  Series Assets of Unsecured Securities are referred to 
as Unsecured Series Property. 
Custodian: 
If specified in the Issuance Document for a Series as applicable, 
the Issuer may appoint The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch as a custodian to hold the Series Assets or cash on the 
terms of the Custody Agreement for such Series. 
Mortgaged Property: 
The Secured Securities of each Secured Series (other than 
Secured Series Custodian Securities) will be secured in the 
manner set out in the relevant Issuance Document and 
Supplemental Trust Deed, which will include a charge on and/or 
assignment of and/or other security over or in respect of 
(i) certain Underlying Assets and all proceeds of, income from 
and sums arising from such Underlying Assets; (ii) all sums held

--- Page 19 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
19 
 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Underlying Assets 
of such Series; and (iii) the Issuer’s right, title and interest under 
(a) the Custody Agreement (if applicable); (b) the Agency 
Agreement; (c) any agreement under which the Issuer enters into 
the Swap or Swaps; (d) any agreement by which the Issuer 
purchases the Underlying Assets in respect of such Secured 
Series; and/or (e) any other Related Agreement or Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is part as may be described in the 
relevant Issuance Document, together with security over such 
additional property as may be described in the Supplemental 
Trust Deed in respect of such Secured Series and/or the relevant 
Issuance Document. 
Unsecured Series Property: 
The Unsecured Securities of each Unsecured Series will not be 
secured.  The Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Securities) of an Unsecured Series will rely for 
their payment on, inter alia, (i) certain Underlying Assets and all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying 
Assets; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation 
to the Underlying Assets of such Unsecured Series; (iii) the 
Issuer’s right, title and interest under (a) the Custody Agreement 
(if applicable); (b) the Agency Agreement; (c) any agreement 
under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps; (d) any 
agreement by which the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets 
in respect of such Unsecured Series; and/or (e) any other Related 
Agreement or Transaction Document to which the Issuer is part 
as may be described in the Trust Deed in respect of such 
Unsecured Series and/or the relevant Issuance Document. 
Method of issue of Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in series (each a “Series”) on one 
or more issue dates.  Securities of a Series shall be issued on 
identical terms (or identical other than in respect of the issue 
date), the Securities of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series (other than 
the Custodian Securities). 
Securities (whether Secured Securities or Unsecured Securities) 
in a Series will be constituted by one or more Supplemental Trust 
Deeds for such Series.  Secured Securities in a Secured Series 
will also be secured pursuant to such Supplemental Trust Deed 
for such Secured Series.  Each Supplemental Trust Deed will be 
supplemental to the Principal Trust Deed, which contains the 
provisions common to all Series of Securities.  The Supplemental 
Trust Deed for a single Series together with the Principal Trust 
Deed (together, the “Trust Deed” for a Series) will contain all 
the provisions for the issuance of the Securities of such Series. 
Issuance of a Series: 
On the first Issue Date of a Series: 
(1) 
the Issuer will issue the maximum number of Securities 
available in such Series (as set out in the Issuance 
Document) at a price per security as set out in the 
Issuance Document for such Securities;

--- Page 20 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
20 
 
(2) 
the Dealer will pay to the Issuer the amount set out in the 
Issuance Document (such amount being the product of 
(i) the maximum amount of Securities of such Series and 
(ii) the price per Security therefor); 
(3) 
the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer such amount 
of Securities that are not being sold by the Dealer to 
investors on the first Issue Date of such Series at a price 
per Security as set out in the Issuance Document (such 
price being the same as the price that the Issuer issues the 
issue of Securities under (1) above); and 
(4) 
the Issuer will pay to the Dealer the amount set out in the 
Issuance Document (such amount being the product of 
(i) the amount of Securities that are not being sold by the 
Dealer to investors on the first Issue Date and (ii) the 
price per Security therefor). 
The payments due from the Dealer to the Issuer and from the 
Issuer to the Dealer will be netted.  The Securities of such Series 
so repurchased will be held by the Series Custodian on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
Price of Securities: 
The price of Securities will be specified in the Issuance 
Document 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency as the Issuer 
and the Dealer may agree. 
Maturity or Expiration: 
The Securities of a Series are expected to mature on the Maturity 
Date or, where specified for a Series of Certificates, the 
Expiration Date of such Series but will be subject to mandatory 
redemption/cash settlement in full in the circumstances described 
below and in Condition 9(b).  The Securities of a Series may also 
be repurchased by the Issuer as described below. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event or 
Mandatory Cash Settlement Event (as applicable) or an Event of 
Default and on the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable), all outstanding Securities are expected to be 
redeemed in an amount per Security equal to the Redemption 
Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) on such date. 
With respect to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable) the Issuer will request the realisation of the 
Underlying Assets and request payments under the Swap or 
Swaps.  If a Fixed Maturity Date or Fixed Expiration Date (as 
applicable) is specified in the Issuance Document, and if any 
amounts are received by the Issuer after the Maturity Date or 
Expiration Date (as applicable) then such amounts shall be 
retained by the Issuer and available to be distributed to its 
ultimate shareholders for the benefit of (i) in the case of 
Securities issued by Memel acting in respect of any of its 
protected cells, Memel or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by

--- Page 21 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
21 
 
Alphabeta, The Oder Capital Charitable Trust.  If a Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Scheduled Expiration Date (as applicable) is 
specified in the Issuance Document, then if the Issuer has not 
received by such Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled 
Expiration Date (as applicable) (a) the full cash proceeds of sale 
or redemption of the Underlying Assets and/or (b) payments 
under the Swap or Swaps, the Maturity Date or Expiration Date 
(as applicable) shall be the twentieth Business Day following 
such receipt. 
Custodian Securities: 
All Securities of a Series repurchased by the Issuer on the Issue 
Date of such Series shall be Custodian Securities for so long as 
they are held by the Series Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and 
either (a) for so long as the Securities of such Series are held 
through a clearing system, shall be held in the Series Custodian’s 
client account at the applicable clearing system or (b) if the 
Securities of such Series are no longer held through a clearing 
system due to an exchange event for exchanging Global 
Securities to Definitive Securities as set out in the Principal Trust 
Deed, shall be represented by a global certificate (the 
“Custodian Global Certificate”) held by the Series Custodian.  
While held through a clearing system, the Custodian Securities 
will be included in the total number of Securities issued through 
such clearing system, will be classed as Securities by the 
applicable clearing system, but the Series Custodian will 
renounce all rights that Securities have and will notify the 
clearing system accordingly.  Such clearing system will treat the 
Securities held in the Series Custodian’s client account as not 
having any rights while they are held in the Series Custodian’s 
client account and will only have the same rights as other 
Securities upon transfer to a new investor. 
Custodian Securities in respect of Secured Securities are referred 
to as “Secured Series Custodian Securities”.  Custodian 
Securities in respect of Unsecured Securities are referred to as 
“Unsecured Series Custodian Securities”. 
Custodian Securities carry no voting rights, do not bear interest 
and no amount of principal or interest is payable thereon and are 
not secured by any property.  Custodian Securities are held by the 
Securities Custodian on behalf of the Issuer either (a) for so long 
as an exchange event for exchanging Global Securities to 
Definitive Securities (as set out in the Principal Trust Deed) has 
not occurred, through the Series Custodian’s client account at a 
clearing system or (b) following an exchange event for 
exchanging Global Securities to Definitive Securities as set out 
in the Principal Trust Deed, through the Custodian Global 
Certificate. 
On each date on which Custodian Securities are sold by the Issuer 
to the Dealer: 
(1) 
in the case of Securities that continue to be held through 
a clearing system, the Series Custodian shall transfer, in 
accordance with the applicable clearing system’s transfer

--- Page 22 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
22 
 
procedures, such number of Securities being sold that are 
held in the Series Custodian’s client account to the 
Dealer’s trading account at the applicable clearing 
system.  The applicable clearing system will carry out 
such transfer in accordance with its standard transfer 
procedures and book entries will be effected within such 
clearing system, such that the total number of Securities 
held by the Series Custodian in the Series Custodian’s 
client account will have been reduced by the number of 
Securities by which the number of Securities held by the 
Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account (and then 
ultimately by the applicable participants, in the clearing 
system, for the new investors) have been increased.  Such 
Securities transferred by the Series Custodian through 
the clearing system will, upon transfer, cease to be 
treated as ‘Custodian Securities’ and the clearing system 
shall note in its book entries that such transferred 
Securities then have all the rights that other Securities 
have.  Morgan Stanley, as both Dealer and as the Series 
Custodian shall note in its records (outside of the clearing 
system) the number of Securities transferred and the total 
number of Securities remaining; or 
(2) 
in the case of Securities that are no longer held through 
a clearing system due to the occurrence of an exchange 
event for exchanging Global Securities to Definitive 
Securities as set out in the Principal Trust Deed, the 
Custodian Global Certificate shall be written down and a 
relevant number of Securities registered in the Register 
shall be registered in the name of the relevant new 
Securityholders (which shall be included on the Register) 
or the number of Securities held by an existing 
Securityholder will be increased accordingly, as 
applicable, such that, after such write-down and 
registration or increase, as applicable, have taken place 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Trust Deed, the total 
number of Custodian Securities will have been reduced 
by the total number of Securities by which the number of 
Securities registered in the Register have been increased.  
The Custodian Securities resold to the Dealer will upon 
resale cease to be ‘Custodian Securities’ and will be 
registered in the Register in the name of the 
Securityholders or the number of Securities held by an 
existing Securityholder will be increased accordingly.  
Such Securities will carry all of the rights which the 
existing Securities carry. 
Custodian Securities shall be issued at the price set out in the 
relevant Issuance Document. 
Fungible Increases: 
A Series of Securities may comprise a number of tranches where 
necessary which will be issued on identical terms except for the 
Issue Date and the first payment of Interest.  The Issuer is not 
required to determine whether any tranche of Securities is

--- Page 23 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
23 
 
fungible with other tranche of Securities of the same Series for 
any legal or tax purpose.  If a tranche is not fungible for a legal 
or tax purpose the existence of multiple tranches may have an 
adverse effect on the value of any tranche of the Series. 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
and Mandatory Early Cash 
Settlement: 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, each 
Series of Securities will be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date 
or Expiration Date (as applicable) upon the occurrence of an 
Underlying Disposal Event, an Underlying Early Redemption 
Event or an Additional Disruption Event, and will be redeemed 
prior to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event  to the extent that Credit Event 
is applicable in the Issuance Document (as defined below, 
collectively referred to as “Mandatory Redemption Event” in 
the case of Notes and a “Mandatory Cash Settlement Event” 
in the case of Certificates): 
(1) 
In the case of the following Underlying Disposal Events: 
(a) 
where there has been a failure to pay on the due 
date an amount in respect of the Underlying 
Assets in relation to such Series (without, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, 
regard to any grace period); 
(b) 
where the Swap is early terminated in whole and 
is not replaced prior to such termination to the 
satisfaction to the Series Trustee; 
(c) 
where the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent 
would be required by law to withhold or account 
for tax on a payment due in respect of the 
Securities after the application of the Conditions 
and 
an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
of 
Securityholders has been passed to redeem the 
Securities; 
(d) 
where the Issuer would suffer tax in respect of 
payments due to it under the Swap or in relation 
to the Underlying Assets and an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Securityholders has been passed to 
redeem the Securities; 
(e) 
where 
any 
exchange 
controls, 
transfer 
restrictions or tax are imposed on the Issuer or 
payments to be made to or by the Issuer, the cost 
to the Issuer of complying with its obligations 
under the Trust Deed or meeting its operative or 
administrative expenses would be materially 
increased, the Series Trustee having required the 
Issuer to use its best endeavours to procure the 
substitution of a company incorporated in 
another jurisdiction approved by the Series 
Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the 
Securities or the establishment of a branch office

--- Page 24 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
24 
 
in another jurisdiction approved by the Series 
Trustee from which it may continue to carry out 
its functions under the Securities and Related 
Agreements and the Issuer, having used its best 
endeavours, 
is 
unable 
to 
arrange 
such 
substitution before the next payment is due in 
respect of the Securities; 
(f) 
where there is any restructuring of the terms and 
conditions of the Underlying Assets, in the sole 
determination of the Calculation Agent, is 
material in the context of the Security and/or any 
agreement in relation to the Securities; or 
(g) 
where the Issuer’s performance under the 
Securities becomes or will be unlawful in whole 
or in part as a result of compliance in good faith 
by the Issuer with any applicable present or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment or order or 
directive of any governmental, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, including sanctions; 
the Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) 
shall give notice thereof (the “Disposal Event Notice”) 
to the Series Trustee, the Counterparty, the Issuer, the 
Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Paying Agent(s), the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) and the 
Series Custodian (in the case of Custodian Securities) 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  Upon receipt 
of a Disposal Event Notice, and in the case of Disposal 
Events 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) 
and 9(b)(i)(C)(y), 
following 
the 
passing 
of 
an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
of 
the 
Securityholders 
resolving that the Securities shall be redeemed, the 
Disposal Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer), shall 
arrange for the sale of the Underlying Assets in 
accordance with any Condition 13(a) (Disposal of 
Underlying Assets).  Upon receipt of the sale proceeds 
thereof, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 days’ 
notice (or such other number of days as may be provided 
in 
the 
relevant 
Issuance 
Document) 
to 
the 
Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the 
date on which the net proceeds of such sale shall be 
applied in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority. 
(2) 
If the Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an 
early redemption of such Underlying Assets (an 
“Underlying Early Redemption”) prior to their stated 
Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) (other 
than by reason of payment default, as referred to in 
Condition 12(a)(i) (Non-payment) or as contemplated in 
the Issuance Document) the Issuer shall forthwith give 
not more than 30 days’ but not less than 15 days’ notice 
(or such other number of days as may be provided in the

--- Page 25 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
25 
 
Applicable Supplement or agreed by the Series Trustee) 
to the Series Trustee and the Securityholders of the date 
on which the net proceeds of such redemption shall be 
applied as specified in Condition 9(b). 
(3) 
If the Issuance Document so provides, if there has been, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event 
(as specified and defined in the applicable Issuance 
Document), the Calculation Agent shall give written 
notice thereof to the Series Trustee, the Issuer, the Paying 
Agent and the Counterparty.  No further payment should 
be made in respect of the Securities (other than the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes) or 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of 
Certificates)).  The Issuance Document shall specify the 
basis for calculation of the amount payable upon 
redemption of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit Event) (the “Credit Event 
Redemption Amount” in the case of Notes and the 
“Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount” in the case 
of Certificates) which shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  The Issuer shall give not more 
than 30 days’ but not less than 15 days’ notice (or such 
other number of days as may be provided in the Issuance 
Document or agreed by the Series Trustee) to the 
Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the 
date on which payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount or Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount (as 
applicable) will be made to the Securityholders. 
Early Redemption or Early 
Cash Settlement at the option 
of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
on giving at least 5 Business Days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Securityholders, redeem or exercise any Issuer’s option in 
relation to, all or, if so provided, some only of the Securities in 
the manner and on the date or dates specified in the Issuance 
Document at their Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (as applicable) together with interest accrued to, or 
Interest Amount payable on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Early Redemption or Early 
Cash Settlement at the option 
of the Securityholder: 
If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer shall, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
at the option of the holder of any such Security, redeem such 
Security on the date or dates specified in the Issuance Document 
at its Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as 
applicable) together with interest accrued to, or the Interest 
Amount payable on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Coupon: 
Coupons may be fixed or variable.  If fixed, the Coupon Amount 
will be calculated on the basis of fixed percentage rate of the 
Principal Amount.  If variable, the Coupon Amount will be 
calculated with reference to an interest rate or, in respect of 
unlisted Securities, equity, equity basket, equity index,

--- Page 26 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
26 
 
commodity index or formula as provided in the Issuance 
Document. 
Final Redemption Amount or 
Final Cash Settlement 
Amount per Security: 
The Issuance Document will specify the basis for calculating the 
amounts payable on the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable) which will may be calculated by reference to an 
interest rate, debt, equity, equity basket, equity index, commodity 
index or formula as provided in the Issuance Document. 
Early Redemption Amount or 
Early Cash Settlement 
Amount per Security: 
The proceeds from the realisation of the Underlying Assets and 
the Swap, net of any claims of parties senior to the Securityholder 
according to the Order of Priority divided by the number of 
outstanding Securities (except for the Custodian Securities). 
Order of Priority: 
Subject to the Order of Priority as set out in the Issuance 
Document: 
(1) 
Trustee and taxes 
(2) 
Agents (as defined in the Issuance Document) 
(3) 
Swap Counterparty 
(4) 
Securityholder 
(5) 
Issuer 
Early repurchase: 
If a Securityholder or Securityholders request repurchase by the 
Dealer and the Dealer requests the Issuer to repurchase on no less 
than one Business Day notice, the Issuer may agree in its sole 
discretion to repurchase one or more Securities on a Business 
Day (each, a “Purchase Date”). 
To effect such repurchase, on the date on which the Issuer 
receives notice of such repurchase request, the Calculation Agent 
will request the Issuer to dispose of Underlying Assets and/or 
request the Swap Counterparty make a payment under the Swap 
to fund the Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Securityholders two Business Days 
after the Purchase Date (or such other number of days as 
specified in the Issuance Document) subject to the Issuer having 
received the proceeds of realisation of Underlying Assets and 
payments under the Swap, if applicable, one Business Day after 
such Purchase Date.  If receipt of such is delayed, the repurchase 
of the Securities will be effected within two Business Days of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Securities repurchased prior to the Maturity 
Date or Expiration Date (as applicable), the Issuer subsequently 
receives, within 60 days of the Purchase Date of such Securities, 
further amounts from the Underlying Asset from the realisation 
of the Underlying Assets or the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap in respect of such Securities, then the Issuer will pay to the 
former Securityholders their pro rata share of any such amounts.

--- Page 27 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
27 
 
Any such amounts received by the Issuer after such 60 days will 
be retained by the Issuer. 
All Securities repurchased by the Issuer may at the option of the 
Issuer be cancelled, in which case the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of such Securities shall be discharged.  Absent such 
cancellation and notwithstanding any other provision of the 
Conditions, the Securities repurchased by the Issuer shall be held 
by the Series Custodian on the Issuer’s behalf and become 
Custodian Securities. 
On each date on which Securities are repurchased by the Issuer 
from the Dealer: 
(1) 
in the case of Securities that are not cancelled as referred 
to above and continue to be held through a clearing 
system, the Dealer shall transfer, in accordance with the 
applicable clearing system’s transfer procedures, such 
number of Securities being repurchased that are held in 
the Dealer’s trading account to the Series Custodian’s 
client account at the applicable clearing system.  The 
applicable clearing system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance with its standard transfer procedures and 
book-entries will be affected within such clearing 
system, such that the total number of Securities held by 
the Series Custodian in the Series Custodian’s client 
account will have been increased by the total number of 
Securities by which the number of Securities held by the 
Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account (which had 
previously been transferred to the Dealer by the 
applicable participants, in the clearing system, for the 
investors that are requesting such repurchase) have been 
increased.  Such Securities transferred to the Series 
Custodian through the clearing system will, upon 
transfer, be treated as ‘Custodian Securities and the 
clearing system shall note in its book-entries that such 
transferred Securities no longer have the rights that other 
Securities have.  Morgan Stanley, as both Dealer and as 
the Series Custodian shall note in its records (outside of 
the clearing system) the number of Custodian Securities 
transferred to it and the new total number of Custodian 
Securities; or 
(2) 
in the case of Securities that are not cancelled as referred 
to above and are no longer held through a clearing system 
due to the occurrence of an exchange event for 
exchanging Global Securities to Definitive Securities as 
set out in the Principal Trust Deed, the number of 
Securities registered in the Register shall be decreased 
(and the names of the applicable Securityholders 
removed from the Register or the size of their holdings 
decreased) and the Custodian Global Security marked up 
by the same number such that, after such decrease and 
mark-up have taken place in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable

--- Page 28 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
28 
 
Trust Deed, the total number of Custodian Securities will 
have been increased by the total number of Securities by 
which the number of Securities registered in the Register 
has decreased. 
Restrictions and covenants: 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer 
will not, amongst other restrictions set out in the Conditions, 
declare any dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per 
Series or other series under alternative programmes of the 
Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease 
or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with 
any other person, convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entity to any person (other than as 
contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares (other than 
such shares as were in issue on 29 May 2012). 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the 
Securityholders) issue further Securities, subject to the 
conditions set out in Condition 20 (Further Issues). 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Withholding tax: 
In the event a withholding or deduction is required by law, the 
Issuer shall pay net of the relevant taxes and amounts withheld 
will be treated as having been paid to the Securityholder. 
In the case of Securities the returns on which reference 
U.S. equities, payments on the securities may be subject to U.S 
withholding tax and so-called “Double Withholding” may apply.  
See “Withholding on Payments Received by the Issuer on 
‘Dividend Equivalent Payments’ in respect of U.S. Equities; 
Double Withholding” below. 
Initial delivery of Securities: 
The Securities of each Series will be issued in bearer form 
(“Bearer Securities”) or registered form (“Registered 
Securities”), serially numbered for such Series. 
Bearer Securities will initially be represented by a Temporary 
Global Security which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for interests in a Permanent Global Security or Definitive 
Securities. 
Registered Securities will initially, and for so long as an 
exchange event for exchanging Global Securities to Definitive 
Securities as set out in the Principal Trust Deed has not occurred, 
be held through a clearing system.  Such Securities of a Series 
will initially be represented by interests in a Registered Global 
Security, registered in the Register in the name of a nominee for 
the common depositary of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) and the Global 
Security shall be deposited with the Common Depositary.

--- Page 29 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
29 
 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system.  Securities will be registered in the name of nominees or 
a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-
Petition: 
Each Series is issued by an Issuer on a limited recourse basis. 
Each Series issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series Assets in 
respect of such Series) shall be segregated from any other Series 
issued by the same Issuer (and the Series Assets in respect of any 
other Series), as specified below.  In particular, (i) in respect of 
Securities issued by Alphabeta, segregation between various 
Series issued by Alphabeta (and relevant Series Assets) shall be 
based on the contractual provisions included in the Transaction 
Documents in respect of the relevant Series and (ii) in respect of 
Securities issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of its 
protected cells, segregation between various Series issued by 
Memel acting on behalf of any of its protected cells (and relevant 
Series Assets) shall be based on statutory provisions applicable 
under Jersey law in respect of protected cell companies (as 
specified below) and on the contractual provisions included in 
the Transaction Documents in respect of the relevant Series. 
Securities issued by Memel are issued by Memel acting in respect 
of the relevant protected cell as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document.  The relevant protected cell of Memel is a Jersey 
protected cell company, and holders of such Securities will only 
have recourse to the assets attributable from time to time to the 
relevant protected cell of Memel in respect of such Series.  
Securityholders will not have recourse to any assets attributed to 
any other protected cell of Memel other than the protected cell in 
respect of such Series or any assets held by Memel in its own 
capacity. 
The Secured Securities (other than the Secured Series Custodian 
Securities) comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer.  The Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Securities) comprise unsecured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer. 
In respect of a Series, the Securityholders shall have recourse 
only to the Series Assets of such Series, (subject, solely in the 
case of Secured Securities, always to the Security), and not to any 
other assets of the Issuer.  Claims by Securityholders of a 
particular Secured Series (the “Secured Securityholders”) and 
any other secured creditor will be limited to the Mortgaged 
Property of such Secured Series.  Claims by Unsecured 
Securityholders of a particular Unsecured Series and any other 
unsecured creditors will be limited to the Unsecured Series 
Property of such Unsecured Series. 
If, after the Series Assets for a Series has been exhausted (in the 
case of Secured Securities, pursuant to enforcement of the 
Security and in the case of Unsecured Securities, following all 
necessary processes) and following the application of the 
available cash sums derived therefrom in accordance with

--- Page 30 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
30 
 
Conditions and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim against the 
Issuer in respect of the Securities of such Series remains unpaid, 
then such outstanding claims will be extinguished and no debt 
will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following such extinguishment, none of the Series Trustee, the 
Security Trustee (if applicable), the Securityholders or any other 
person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover 
any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt 
shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such 
further sum in respect of such Series. 
None of the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable), 
the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them 
may at any time institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall have any claim 
arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to 
any other instruments issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
securities which form a single series with the Securities). 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall survive 
maturity or expiration of the Securities and the expiration or 
termination of the Trust Deed. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Series, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer. 
Governing law: 
English law. 
Listing of Securities: 
Application may be made for certain Series to be listed on (i) the 
Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) or GEM, (ii) the 
Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (MTF) or 
(iii) any other exchange as specified in the Issuance Document.  
As specified in the applicable Issuance Document, a Series may 
be unlisted. 
Selling restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, European Economic Area, 
Germany, Jersey, Ireland and any other restrictions relevant to 
any Series.  See “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
Transfer restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Securities.  See 
Condition 2(b) below, and applicable selling restrictions set out 
in the section headed “Subscription and Sale and Selling 
Restrictions” and any restrictions set out in the form of Global 
Securities.

--- Page 31 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
31 
 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of sale of the Securities of a Series and of any 
other Custodian Securities will be used by the Issuer to acquire 
the Underlying Assets. 
Extraordinary Event: 
The Condition in relation to Extraordinary Events are only 
applicable in relation to Securities linked to a single equity 
(“Single Share Security”) or a basket of equities (“Share 
Basket Security”).  Extraordinary Events are merger event, 
tender offer, nationalisation, insolvency and delisting. 
Index Adjustment Event: 
Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption 
Potential Adjustment Event: 
Means, in respect of Single Share Securities or Share Basket 
Securities (in each case, as determined by the Determination 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion): 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of an 
Underlying Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
or a free distribution or dividend of Underlying Shares to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of 
relevant Underlying Shares of (A) such Underlying 
Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Underlying Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such an 
Underlying Shares, or (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly 
or indirectly) by the Underlying Issuer as a result of a 
spin off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Determination Agent; 
(3) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(4) 
a call by the Underlying Issuer in respect of relevant 
Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(5) 
a repurchase by an Underlying Issuer (as the case may 
be) or any of its subsidiaries of Underlying Shares, 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of an Underlying Issuer, an event that results 
in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares 
of the capital stock of the Underlying Issuer pursuant to 
a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides, upon the occurrence of 
certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock,

--- Page 32 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
32 
 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(7) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying 
Shares; 
“Related Exchange”, in respect of (a) an Index relating to Single 
Index Securities or Index Basket Securities and (b) an Underlying 
Share relating to Single Share Securities or Share Basket 
Securities, means the Exchange specified as the Relevant 
Exchange in the Applicable Supplement, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures and options 
contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Determination Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Underlying 
Shares on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange) or, if none is 
specified, each exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect (as determined by the Determination Agent) on 
the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index or Underlying Shares, as the case may be; 
“Relevant Price” on any day means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying Share to which a Single 
Share Security or a Share Basket Security relates, the 
price per Underlying Share determined by the 
Determination Agent in the manner provided in the 
Applicable Supplement as of the Determination Time on 
the relevant day, or, if no means for determining the 
Relevant Price are so provided: (i) in respect of any 
Underlying Share for which the Exchange is an auction 
or “open outcry” exchange that has a price as of the 
Determination Time at which any trade can be submitted 
for execution, the Relevant Price shall be the price per 
Underlying Share as of the Determination Time on the 
relevant day, as reported in the official real time price 
dissemination mechanism for such Exchange; and (ii) in 
respect of any Underlying Share for which the Exchange 
is a dealer exchange or dealer quotation system, the 
Relevant Price shall be the mid-point of the highest bid 
and lowest ask prices quoted as of the Determination 
Time on the relevant day (or the last such prices quoted 
immediately before the Determination Time) without 
regard to quotations that “lock” or “cross” the dealer 
exchange or dealer quotation system; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Index to which a Single Index Security 
or an Index Basket Security relates, the level of such

--- Page 33 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
33 
 
Index determined by the Determination Agent as 
provided in the Applicable Supplement as of the 
Determination Time on the relevant day or, if no method 
for determining the Relevant Price is so provided, the 
level of the Index as of the Determination Time on the 
relevant day; 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of regular trading session hours; 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means (a) except with respect to a 
Multi-exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for 
their respective regular trading session, and (b) with respect to 
any Multi-exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and (ii) the 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
regular trading session; 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Underlying Share or 
Index, the period of Settlement Cycle Days following a trade in 
such Underlying Share or the securities underlying such Index, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange (or, in 
respect of any Multi-exchange Index, the longest such period) 
and for this purpose “Settlement Cycle Day” means, in relation 
to a clearing system any day on which such clearing system is (or 
but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event would 
have been) open for acceptance and executions of settlement 
instructions; 
“Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Single Share Security, 
a Share Basket Security, an Index Security or an Index Basket 
Security, the price, level or amount as determined by the 
Determination Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in 
accordance with the Applicable Supplement; 
“Trading Disruption” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-
exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Exchange, Related Exchange or otherwise 
(i) relating to the Underlying Share on the Exchange, or, in the 
case of a Single Index Security or Index Basket Security, on any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20%. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Underlying Share or the relevant Index 
or Indices Interest on any relevant Related Exchange, and 
(b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any suspension of 
or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related

--- Page 34 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
34 
 
Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any Component on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange; 
“Underlying Issuer” means the entity that is the issuer of the 
Underlying Share specified in the Applicable Supplement; 
“Underlying Share” means, in relation to a particular Series, a 
share specified as such in the Applicable Supplement, or, in the 
case of a Share Basket Security, a share forming part of a basket 
of shares to which such Security relates; and 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
Applicable Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8(n)(i)(B) (Valuation, 
Market Disruption and Averaging Dates). 
Additional Disruption Event: 
Means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Loss of Stock Borrow and any further event specified 
as Additional Disruption Event in the Issuance Document. 
Consequence: Adjustment or Early Redemption (in the case of 
Notes) or Early Cash Settlement (in the case of Certificates)

--- Page 35 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
35 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Securities issued under the Programme.  All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and none of the Issuers are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any contingency 
highlighted by a risk factor occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Securities issued by the relevant Issuer under the Programme, but the inability of such Issuer to pay 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur for other reasons and 
each Issuer represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Securities are not 
exhaustive.  Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and in the applicable 
Issuance Documents in respect of the relevant Series and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Unless otherwise specified, the below risk factors apply in respect of each Issuer (and accordingly 
references to “the Issuer” shall be deemed to be references to each of such Issuers separately) and/or 
each Series issued by each of such Issuers, as applicable. 
(1) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicles - limited assets available  
The Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Securities for the purposes of purchasing 
assets and entering into related contracts and the Swaps.  Therefore, as summarised below, the Issuer 
will have limited assets available to meet its obligations. 
The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not to, as long as any Security remains outstanding, 
without the consent of the Series Trustee engage in any activity or business except as provided or 
contemplated by the Securities, the Custodian Securities, the Relevant Agreements and the Alternative 
Programme Agreements and to perform any acts incidental to or necessary in connection therewith, or 
any act required by law, regulation or order of any court to be performed.  In addition, the Issuer will 
be subject to certain other restrictions (as set out in Condition 7 (Issuer restrictions)) including, but not 
limited to, that it will not, without the consent of the Series Trustee declare or pay any dividend (other 
than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) 
or make any other distribution to the holders of any of its shares or have formed or cause to be formed 
by subsidiaries or have any employees purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, 
consolidate or merge with or into any other person, or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially in their entirety to any other person, or use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, 
lease, hire out, lend or dispose of, or otherwise deal with any of its property or any interests therein or 
create or permit to edict upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance whether 
fixed or floating or otherwise upon the whole or any part of its property or assets (other than as 
contemplated by the Conditions and/or the Trust Deed), issue any further shares or issue any warrants 
or options in respect of shares or securities convertible units or exchangeable for shares. 
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share capital, such 
fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Securities from time to time, any Series 
Assets, any other assets on which Secured Securities are secured and any other assets contemplated by 
the Alternative Programme Agreements.

--- Page 36 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
36 
 
This means that investors in the Securities will have a limited recourse only in respect of such assets, 
as further described under paragraph “Risks relating to the Securities - Limited recourse obligations” 
below. 
Once such assets are extinguished, Securityholders will have no further claims against the Issuer. 
In respect of Securities issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of its protected cells from time to time, 
please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Memel – Protected Cell Company Structure” below. 
Memel - Protected Cell Company Structure 
Memel has been constituted as a protected cell company under Jersey law.  Each Series issued by Memel 
(as specified in the relevant Issuance Document) is a Series issued by a protected cell of Memel.  A 
protected cell company is a multi-cellular company whose principal feature is that each protected cell 
has its own distinct assets which are not available to creditors of other protected cells of that company 
or the company as a whole.  The relevant provisions of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 have not yet 
been tested in the courts of Jersey, the United Kingdom or elsewhere and jurisdictions other than Jersey 
may not be prepared to accept that creditors of a particular Issuer are prevented from gaining access to 
the assets attributed to other Issuers, or that creditors of Memel (in its own capacity) do not have access 
to those assets specifically designated as cellular assets.  In order to minimise this risk: (i) service 
providers to Memel will generally be required to agree that their fees will be paid solely from the assets 
of Memel in its own capacity; and (ii) the Conditions of each Series will provide that any liability to a 
holder will be satisfied only out of the assets of the Issuer (being a specified protected cell).  However, 
a court could determine that such agreements are not enforceable. 
If the courts in Jersey, the United Kingdom or elsewhere were not to recognise and give effect to the 
segregation of Memel’s and each of its protected cells’ assets and the agreements with service providers 
and investors referred to above, and the cellular assets of any protected cell were held to be available to 
meet the liabilities of Memel or any other protected cell, this could have a material and adverse effect 
on that protected cell’s financial condition and prospects and the value of any relevant Series. 
This means that if the segregation of assets of Memel or each of its protected cells were not to be 
recognised, investors in the Securities issued by Memel acting on behalf of a particular protected cell 
may have a reduced ability to recover all or part of their initial investment in the Securities as their 
claim will be in competition with the claims of any other creditor of Memel and any other creditor of 
Memel acting on behalf of each of its other protected cells from time to time. 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
Other than consent to the issuance of the Securities given by the Commission and approval of this Base 
Prospectus by the Central Bank as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, and unless 
otherwise specified for a Series, an Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under 
any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation or recognition, as the case may be. 
There is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary 
view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to an Issuer. 
There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the 
Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or 
regulations of those jurisdictions. 
Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the Issuer and on the 
holders of the Securities as it may require the Issuer to bear certain costs to comply with such licensing

--- Page 37 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
37 
 
or authorisation requirements that may ultimately reduce the amounts available to the Issuer to pay 
amounts due under the Securities. 
No statutory protection in respect of any investment in the Securities 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not subject to the 
deposit protection scheme operated by Central Bank or any other authority. 
This means that an investment in the Securities does not benefit from any form of statutory protection 
whatsoever. 
Registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment 
company pursuant to the Investment Company Act.  If the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required but, in violation of the 
Investment Company Act, had failed to register as an investment company, possible consequences 
include, but are not limited to the following: (i) the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission could 
apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the Issuer could sue the Issuer and 
recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which the Issuer is party that is 
made in, or whose performance involves a, violation of the Investment Company Act would be 
unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the circumstances 
enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be 
inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. 
Should the Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and 
adversely affected and, as a consequence, investors in the Securities may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation.  If the Issuer were determined by the 
relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation, it could become subject to substantial 
criminal penalties. 
Any such violation could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made by 
the Issuer to Securityholders in respect of the Issuer’s Securities. 
(2) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES 
Limited recourse obligations 
In respect of a Secured Series, the Secured Securities (other than the Secured Series Custodian 
Securities) are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee on 
behalf of the Secured Securityholders and other secured creditors.  In respect of an Unsecured Series, 
the Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured Series Custodian Securities) are direct, limited 
recourse obligations for the Issuer payable solely out of the Unsecured Series Property.  The Issuer will 
have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its obligations under the 
Securities.  No assurance can be made that the proceeds available for the payment of the amounts due 
to the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to the 
Expenses Agreement) and the proceeds available for and allocated to the repayment of the Securities at 
any particular time will be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be due and payable to 
the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses 
Agreement) and under the Securities.  If, in the case of Secured Securities, the proceeds of the realisation

--- Page 38 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
38 
 
of the Security received by the Security Trustee or, in the case of Unsecured Securities, the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property for the benefit of the Securityholders prove insufficient to 
make payments on the Securities, in respect of which payment is due, no other assets will be available 
for payment of the deficiency, and, following distribution of the proceeds of such realisation or 
liquidation, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in relation to the Securities shall be extinguished 
and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Further, only the Series Trustee may pursue remedies available under the Trust Deed as it may think fit 
to enforce the rights of the creditors under the Trust Deed and the Conditions and in the case of Secured 
Securities, only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security, and none of the Securityholders, any 
creditor or any Series Transaction Party shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee, as applicable, having become bound to proceed in accordance 
with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. 
The Unsecured Series Property of an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced against the claims of 
other creditors by virtue of having the benefit of any security.  There can be no guarantee that 
unspecified third parties will not make any claims against any Unsecured Series Property and that any 
Unsecured Series Property will be available to meet the claims of the Unsecured Securityholders of the 
Unsecured Series at any time. 
The Issuer is subject to certain restrictive covenants that limit its permitted activities with a view to 
avoiding the existence of any creditors of the Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse and non-
petition provisions.  However, there can be no guarantee that there will not be any creditors of the Issuer 
that have not agreed to limited recourse and non-petition or that such creditors would not be successful 
in making and enforcing claims against the Issuer.  In particular, the Issuer is permitted to enter into 
agreements where there are other mitigating measures including, but not limited to, a form of 
subscription agreement or such other comparable document that does not contain limited recourse and 
non-petition provisions Any such claim could result in the Unsecured Series Property not being 
sufficient to meet the claims of the Unsecured Securityholders. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Securities and the 
Securityholders, given the limited recourse nature of the Issuer’s obligations, will not be able to recover 
any shortfall arising from their investment in the Securities. 
In the case of a Series issued by Memel, each Series is issued by Memel acting in respect of the relevant 
protected cell for such Series as specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  The Issuer in respect of 
such Securities is therefore such protected cell of Memel, being a Jersey protected cell company, and 
holders of such Securities will only have recourse to the assets attributable from time to time to that 
protected cell represented by Memel in respect of such Series.  Holders of Securities will not have 
recourse to any assets attributed to any other protected cell of Memel other than the Issuer (being Memel 
acting on behalf of such protected cell) in respect of such Series or any assets held by Memel in its own 
capacity. 
Non-petition 
The Securityholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other securities 
issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single series with the Securities). 
This will limit the ability of any investors in the Securities to take any autonomous action to recover 
their investment.

--- Page 39 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
39 
 
Market Risk 
The redemption amounts payable under the Securities of a Series are determined by reference to the 
amount of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable.  The Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, 
in respect of the Securities of a Series will, among other risks, be subject to credit, market, liquidity and 
interest rate risks. 
Due to potential market volatility, at any time the market value of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable, in respect of the Securities of a Series, will vary, and may vary 
substantially, from the price at which such Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, were initially purchased and from the principal amount of such Reference Assets and/or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable. 
The market value of the Reference Assets and/or Underlying Assets, as applicable, will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition of the relevant obligor(s), general economic 
conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in any 
particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given as 
to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition, or the amount received or recovered upon maturity, 
of the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, of any Securities of a Series, or 
that the proceeds of any such sale or disposition would be sufficient to repay principal of and interest 
on the Securities of the related Series and amounts payable prior thereto. 
The Securityholders should be aware that, given the market risks associated with the Securities of a 
Series, the market price of the Securities may be volatile, the payment of principal (if any) may occur 
at a different time than expected and Securityholders may lose all or substantially all of their principal.  
Additionally, the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate to changes in interest rates, currencies, indices or other 
movements in the market and the timing of such changes in the market may impact the actual yield to 
Securityholders. 
Priority of Claims 
During the term of the Securities and in the case of Secured Securities on an enforcement of the Security, 
the rights of the Securityholders to be paid amounts due under the Securities will be subordinated to 
(i) payment or satisfaction of, or provision for, the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred 
by the Series Trustee, and in the case of Secured Securities only, the Security Trustee or any receiver 
in preparing and executing the trusts under the Trust Deed in relation to the Securities and in carrying 
out their functions under the Trust Deed (including any taxes required to be paid, (solely in the case of 
Secured Securities) the cost of realising any Security, and the Series Trustee’s and/or the Security 
Trustee’s remuneration) to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and (ii) payment 
of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Agents in carrying out their functions 
under the Agency Agreement to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and (iii) any 
other claims as specified in the Conditions as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant 
Series that rank in priority to the Securities including to the Swap Counterparty if applicable. 
Therefore, there is a risk that amounts and assets available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Securities will not, after satisfaction of any claims ranking in priority to the Securityholders, be 
sufficient to pay amounts due to the Securityholders under the Securities. 
This, combined with the limited recourse nature of any investment in the Securities (please see, amongst 
others, the risk factor entitled “Limited recourse obligations” above), means that the Securityholders 
may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 40 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
40 
 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Securities may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date or, where specified for a 
Series of Certificates, the Expiration Date, upon the occurrence of certain tax events with respect to the 
Securities or the Underlying Assets and upon any of the Underlying Assets being called for redemption 
or repayment prior to its scheduled Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable).  In addition, the 
Issuer, the Securityholders and/or the Series Trustee (depending on the relevant event and as specified 
in the Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of the Securities upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default with respect to the Securities, or the occurrence of certain default events relating to 
the Underlying Assets.  The amount payable per Security to Securityholders in such circumstances will 
be, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issuance Document, an amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of such Security, subject to the payment of all prior ranking amounts as provided in 
the Conditions.  The Issuer will fund such payments under a Series from payment(s) due to it under the 
Underlying Assets.  This will expose Securityholders to the market value of the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable (for a consideration of factors that may impact such values see “Risk Factors – Market Value 
of Securities” below). 
If, following the realisation in full of the Mortgaged Property in the case of Secured Securities or the 
Unsecured Series Property in the case of Unsecured Securities relating to the relevant Series (in the case 
of Secured Securities by way of enforcement of the Security) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in the Conditions, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series 
which remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by 
the Issuer in respect thereof.  In such circumstances, the investors in the Securities may not receive back 
their investment and may receive zero. 
Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Limited recourse obligations”, “Non petition” and “Priority 
of Claims” above. 
Determinations of Swap termination payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap (if any), an early termination payment based on the losses or costs 
or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a replacement transaction or its 
economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with the terms of such Swap) will be 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or (as the case may be) by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer under the Swap.  Such payment will generally be determined by the Swap Counterparty save 
where it is in default.  If the Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer may, if provided for under the 
terms of the Swap, need to appoint a substitute calculation agent under the Swap for the purposes of 
making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf.  The determination of any such losses or costs or, as 
the case may be, gains will be dependent on a number of factors, including, without limitation, (i) the 
creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments, (ii) market perception, 
interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled termination 
date of the Swap and (iv) if applicable, the value of any collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral 
posted by the Issuer, pursuant to any credit support provided by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty in 
connection with the Swap.  The determination of a termination payment and the factors which are taken 
into account in making that determination, may significantly impact amounts payable to 
Securityholders. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the determination of a termination 
payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Securityholders will be delayed until such dispute is 
resolved.  Also, depending on the structure of the relevant Securities (and relevant payment flows), the 
outcome of any such dispute may have an impact on the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Securities, which in turn could have an impact on the amounts payable to the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 41 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
41 
 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and 
foreign exchange rate index “benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and 
other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than 
in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any securities linked to a “benchmark.” 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or 
lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in 
the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could have materially adverse consequences in relation 
to securities linked to such “benchmark”. 
Furthermore, the Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement may, acting in its sole discretion, amend 
the terms of any Swap Agreement in relation to Securities linked to a “benchmark” in order to reflect 
market standard protocols published by ISDA in relation to benchmark fallbacks from time to time. 
Any such action as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Securities and the Securityholders may require independent professional advice to understand 
the impact of any such reform on their investment in the Securities and bear the relevant costs of any 
related advice. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate discontinuance 
or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of 
the Securities” below. 
Discontinuation of LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), 
which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021.  On 5 March 2021, the 
FCA formally announced the dates of the future cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR 
settings published by the ICE Benchmark Administration (the “IBA”). The FCA announcement 
followed a notification by the IBA that it intended to cease providing all LIBOR settings for all 
currencies, subject to any rights of the FCA to compel the IBA to continue publication. In accordance 
with the announcement made by the FCA:  
(i) 
publication of all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-
week, 2-month, and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month 
and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings 
ceased immediately after 31 December 2021;  
(ii) 
the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease immediately 
after 30 June 2023; 
(iii) 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
and sterling yen LIBOR settings are no longer representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such setting is intended to measure and such representativeness will not 
be restored; and

--- Page 42 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
42 
 
(iv) 
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such setting is 
intending to measure and such representativeness will not be restored.  
The FCA exercised its powers under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) to compel the IBA to continue 
publishing, in each case on a non-representative, synthetic basis:  
(i) 
from 1 January 2022, 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR, for 12 months 
only;  
(ii) 
from 1 January 2022, 1-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR, until the end of March 2023 after 
which publication will cease permanently; and  
(iii) 
from 1 January 2022, 3-month sterling LIBOR, until the end of March 2024 after which 
publication will cease permanently.  
The FCA will also consider the case for the IBA to continue their publication of 1-month, 3-month and 
6-month US dollar LIBOR until the end of September 2024. 
The proposed synthetic LIBOR is intended to assist “tough legacy” contracts only (subject to the FCA’s 
proposed powers to permit the use) and UK regulated firms will be prohibited from using this in new 
regulated financial instruments.  The FCA clearly states that all LIBOR settings will remain 
representative while they remain published on existing methodology, but that the “synthetic” LIBOR 
settings would be unrepresentative of the underlying market. 
Accordingly, to the extent prospective investors in the Securities will invest in instruments referencing 
LIBOR, such investors should consider (if necessary, through independent professional advice) the 
impact that the above announcement will have on such Securities. 
In particular, such announcement could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Securities and the Securityholders may require independent professional advice to understand the 
impact of such announcement on their investment in the Securities and bear the relevant costs of any 
related advice. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate discontinuance 
or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of 
the Securities” below. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities 
Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar LIBOR and 
(ii) the provisions of Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) 
are applicable 
In order to address the risk of a possible discontinuance of LIBOR (referred to above) and other 
reference rates the Conditions include certain fallback provisions.  These provisions apply to “Relevant 
Rates Benchmarks” (which will include LIBOR, EURIBOR and other similar interbank rates).  The 
fallback provisions will be triggered if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the administrator or 
regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection with such Relevant Rates 
Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to 
provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, (ii) where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other 
than U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor

--- Page 43 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
43 
 
for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
is no longer representative, or (iii) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issuance Document, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Calculation Agent may, after consultation with the 
Issuer, replace the Relevant Rates Benchmark with any “Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate” 
which has been specified in the applicable Issuance Document or if no Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issuance Document, with an alternative rate that is 
consistent with accepted market.  If an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative 
rate is used then the Calculation Agent may also, after consultation with the Issuer, make other 
adjustments to the Securities, including to the new rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with 
accepted market practice for the use of such rate with debt obligations such as the Security.  If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to identify an alternative rate and determine the necessary adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, redeem the Securities.  The 
replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate and the making of other adjustments to the Securities and other determinations, 
decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the Securities in connection with the 
replacement of a Relevant Rates Benchmark could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return 
on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities.  Any early 
redemption of the Securities will result in the Securityholder losing any future return on the Securities 
and may result in the Securityholder incurring a loss on its investment in the Securities. 
Determinations or decisions of the Calculation Agent described above will be made in the Calculation 
Agent’s discretion, in some cases after consultation with the Issuer. 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark (other than U.S dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR) should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate will not be the same as those of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which it replaces, the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate 
will not be the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no 
assurance that the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate will perform in 
the same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is no 
guarantee that the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate will be a 
comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means that 
the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or 
other alternative rate could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and 
the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities), (ii) any failure of the Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the 
Securities, (iii) the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate may have a very 
limited history and the future performance of the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market 
for Securities linked to the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate may be 
limited and (v) the administrator of the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative 
rate may make changes that could change the value of the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate 
or other alternative rate or discontinue the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate and has no obligation to consider the Securityholders interests in doing so. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: If 
U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Securities referencing U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect 
the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can

--- Page 44 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
44 
 
sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable 
substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the 
case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA 
Determination) and cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date, then the interest rate on the Securities will no longer be determined by reference to LIBOR, but 
instead will be determined by reference to a different base rate, which will be a different benchmark 
than LIBOR, plus a spread adjustment, which is referred to as a “Benchmark Replacement,” as further 
described in the relevant terms and conditions.  In such a case, in the first instance, the interest rate on 
the Securities will be determined based on Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking term rate based on 
SOFR that is currently being considered for development by the Alternative Reference Rates 
Committee (the “ARRC”), which is a group of private-market participants convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to help ensure a successful transition from 
U.S. dollar LIBOR to SOFR.  There can be no assurance that the development of a Term SOFR will be 
completed and selected or recommended by the ARRC. 
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be determined, 
then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment will apply.  
These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended or formulated by (i) the 
Relevant Governmental Body (such as the ARRC), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer 
or its designee.  In addition, the terms of the Securities expressly authorize the Issuer or its designee to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, changes to 
the definition of “interest period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and other administrative matters.  The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
calculation of the interest rate on the Securities by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including 
the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be 
made under the terms of the Securities in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could 
adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the 
Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s 
sole discretion. 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference either U.S dollar LIBOR or SOFR should be aware 
that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be the same as those 
of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), the Benchmark Replacement will not be the 
economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), there can be no assurance 
that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as U.S dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the 
case may be), would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement will 
be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (each of which means that a Benchmark 
Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the 
price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark 
Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the Benchmark 
Replacement may have a very limited history and the future performance of the Benchmark 
Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market 
for Securities linked to the Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the 
Benchmark Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the Benchmark 
Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to consider the 
Securityholders interests in doing so. 
For example, in the case of Securities that initially reference U.S. dollar LIBOR if the Benchmark 
Replacement is a Term SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as adjusted as described herein, the composition

--- Page 45 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
45 
 
and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR and the Benchmark 
Replacement, as so adjusted, will not be the economic equivalent of LIBOR.  In June 2017, the ARRC 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR.  SOFR is a broad Treasury 
repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions.  This means that SOFR is 
fundamentally different from U.S. dollar LIBOR for two key reasons.  First, SOFR is a secured rate, 
while U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate.  Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while U.S. dollar 
LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities.  As a result, there can be no assurance 
that SOFR (including a Term SOFR or Compounded SOFR) will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar 
LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield 
rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, 
judicial or other events.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates.  Furthermore, a Benchmark Replacement of Term SOFR (if developed and selected or 
recommended by the ARRC) or Compounded SOFR, even with the application of a Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
will not have the same composition and characteristics as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that such Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will be suitable as a substitute for 
U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
See also the risk factors entitled “Risk Factors—Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest 
rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index “Benchmarks””, “Discontinuation 
of LIBOR” and “—LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use 
may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities” above. 
Fallback arrangements - general 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Securityholder’s 
investment in the Securities. 
If neither of the fallbacks described above in “Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar LIBOR and (ii) the provisions of Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable” or “Fallback arrangements where 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR: If U.S. dollar LIBOR is discontinued, any Floating 
Rate Securities referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, 
which could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at 
which the Securityholder can sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark 
Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR” applies, and (a) LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, or SONIA has been permanently discontinued or (b) where the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative occurs, the Calculation Agent will use, as a 
substitute for LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar interbank rate, and for each future Interest 
Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice.  The 
Calculation Agent will also make other adjustments to the Securities, including to the new rate and to 
the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such alternative rate for 
debt obligations such as the Securities.  However, in the case of EURIBOR only, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such alternative rate exists on the relevant date, it will make a determination 
of an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Securities, as well 
as other adjustments to the Securities, including to the new rate and to the Margin, that is consistent 
with accepted market practice. 
The replacement of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar interbank rate by an alternative rate 
and the making of other adjustments to the Securities and other determinations, decisions or elections

--- Page 46 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
46 
 
that may be made under the terms of the Securities in connection with the replacement of LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar interbank rate could adversely affect the value of the Securities, 
the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
Any determination or decision described above will be made in the Calculation Agent’s discretion (after 
consultation with the Issuer). 
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the alternative rate will not be the same as those 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the alternative rate will not be the economic 
equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no assurance that the 
alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces would 
have at any time and there is no guarantee that the alternative rate will be a comparable substitute for 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces (each of which means that the replacement of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark by the alternative rate could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the 
return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities), (ii) any 
failure of the alternative rate to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the 
alternative rate may have a very limited history and the future performance of the alternative rate cannot 
be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Securities linked to 
the alternative rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the alternative rate may make changes 
that could change the value of the alternative rate or discontinue the alternative rate and has no 
obligation to consider the Securityholders interests in doing so. 
Specific risks relating to Securities referencing SOFR or SONIA 
The following sets out a number of additional risks specific to Securities that reference either SOFR or 
SONIA. 
SOFR and (reformed) SONIA have limited histories; the future performance of SOFR or SONIA cannot 
be predicted based on historical performance. 
The publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018 and it therefore has a very limited history.  The 
publication of SONIA on the basis of its present methodology began on April 24, 2018.  In addition, 
the future performance of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) cannot be predicted based on the 
limited historical performance.  The level of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) during the term of 
the Securities may bear little or no relation to its historical level.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be), such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  In the case of SOFR, while some pre-publication historical data 
have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “New York Federal Reserve”), 
such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations.  The future performance 
of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance 
of SOFR or SONIA or the Securities may be inferred from any of the historical performance or (in the 
case of SOFR) historical simulations.  Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, 
and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR or SONIA or the Securities.  Changes in 
the levels of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) will affect the return on the Securities and the trading 
price of such Securities, but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall.  There can 
be no assurance that SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) will be positive. 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR or SONIA are not the same as those of LIBOR and there 
is no guarantee that either compounded SOFR or compounded SONIA is a comparable substitute for 
LIBOR. 
In April 2017 the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates announced SONIA as its 
preferred risk-free rate for sterling.  In June 2017, the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended 
alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR.  However, the composition and characteristics of SOFR and SONIA 
are not the same as those of LIBOR.

--- Page 47 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
47 
 
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions.  
This means that SOFR is fundamentally different from LIBOR for two key reasons.  First, SOFR is a 
secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate.  Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR 
represents interbank funding over different maturities. 
SONIA is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on sterling short-term wholesale funds in 
circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal.  While SONIA and LIBOR are both 
unsecured rates, SONIA is solely an overnight rate unlike LIBOR which represents interbank funding 
over different maturities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that either SOFR or SONIA will perform in the same way as 
LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield 
rates in the market, market volatility or global, national or regional economic, financial, political, 
regulatory, judicial or other events.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmark or other market rates.  For additional information regarding SOFR, see “Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate” above. 
The secondary trading market for Securities linked to SOFR or SONIA may be limited 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, and reformed SONIA has also recently been adopted as a 
benchmark rate for bonds, the trading market in debt securities such as the Securities may not develop 
or may not be very liquid.  Market terms for debt securities linked to SOFR or SONIA (such as the 
Securities) may evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of the Securities may be lower than 
those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to SOFR or SONIA.  Similarly, if SOFR or SONIA 
does not prove to be widely used in debt securities similar to the Securities, the trading price of the 
Securities may be lower than that of debt securities linked to rates that are more widely used.  Investors 
in the Securities may not be able to sell such Securities at all or may not be able to sell such Securities 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  Further, investors wishing to sell the Securities in the secondary market will have 
to make assumptions as to the future performance of SOFR or SONIA.  As a result, investors may suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The administrator of SOFR or SONIA may make changes that could change the value of the benchmark 
or discontinue the benchmark and has no obligation to consider Securityholders’ interests in doing so 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, or the Bank of England (or 
a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be), including changes related to the method by which 
the relevant rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate the 
relevant rate, or timing related to the publication of the relevant rate.  In addition, the administrator may 
alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or SONIA as applicable (in which 
case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Securities will apply).  The administrator 
has no obligation to consider Securityholders’ interests in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing the relevant rate and any such calculations, adjustments, conversion, revision or 
discontinuation could adversely affect the return on the Securities, the value of the Securities and the 
price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
The interest rate on the Securities is based on a daily compounded SOFR or daily compounded SONIA 
rate, which is relatively new in the marketplace; different conventions exist for calculating interest on 
SOFR and SONIA-linked Securities 
For each Interest Period for Securities linked to SOFR or SONIA, the interest rate on the Securities is 
based on a daily compounded SOFR or SONIA rate calculated using the specific formula specified in 
the Conditions and the Issuance Document, not the SOFR rate or SONIA rate published on or in respect

--- Page 48 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
48 
 
of a particular date during such Interest Period, or an average of SOFR or SONIA rates during such 
period.  For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Securities during any Interest Period will not 
be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to SOFR or SONIA (as applicable) that use 
an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate.  Further, if the SOFR rate or SONIA rate 
(as the case may be) in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, the portion of 
the accrued compounded interest compounding factor specifically attributable to such date will be less 
than one, resulting in a reduction to the accrued interest compounding factor used to calculate the 
interest payable on the Securities on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and, in addition, 
for both SOFR and SONIA, different market conventions exist for calculating interest on debt securities.  
Accordingly, the specific formula for the daily compounded SOFR rate or SONIA rate (as the case may 
be) used in the Securities may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all.  If the market 
adopts a different convention for calculating interest, it would likely adversely affect the market value 
of such Securities. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on a date near 
the end of such Interest Period. As such Securityholders will not know the amount of interest payable 
with respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date and it 
may be difficult for Securityholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on 
each such Interest Payment Date. 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR or SONIA (one using a 
different convention to calculating interest including using a SOFR or SONIA index or a screen based 
rate) that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus and this may adversely affect the value of 
the Securities. 
Potential investors in the Securities should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Securities. 
Additional Risks relating to SOFR-linked Securities 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Securities linked to SOFR. 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance.  SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is 
considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight Treasury repo market.  
However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-
specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs 
of banks.  This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR a suitable substitute or 
successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without 
limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, 
lessen market acceptance of SOFR.  Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely 
affect the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
In determining the SOFR Accrued Interest Compounding Factor for the final Interest Period, the level 
of SOFR for any day from and including the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity

--- Page 49 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
49 
 
Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of SOFR 
in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-off Date. 
For the final Interest Period, because the level of SOFR for any day from and including the SOFR Rate 
Cut-off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or redemption date, 
as applicable, will be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, Securityholders 
will not receive the benefit of any increase in the level in respect of SOFR beyond the level for such 
date in connection with the determination of the interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, 
which could adversely impact the amount of interest payable with respect to that Interest Period. 
Risks relating to Single Share Securities and Share Basket Securities 
In respect of Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities, the Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Notes) or Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Certificates) is dependent upon the redemption or 
sale proceeds that would be received in respect of the shares of a company (“Shares” and such company 
a “Company” or “Companies”).  Accordingly, an investment in the Securities may bear similar market 
risks to a direct investment in the Shares and investors should take advice accordingly.  An investment 
in the Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt security. 
In addition, where payments due on Securities are determined by reference to amounts that would be 
received by an investor in shares, where such investor would receive payments after their scheduled 
payment date, corresponding delays may also be made to equivalent payments on the Securities. 
A large number of subscription or repurchase orders with the Company by investors can lead to either 
an accelerated sale or temporary dilution of assets and higher fees for the remaining investors or 
“gating” where such orders are only satisfied in part, with others being delayed.  In addition, there may 
not be a liquid market in the Shares of a Company and consequently there may be a considerable time 
delay before any relevant Share may be realised. 
In particular, risks associated with an investment in Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities 
may include, amongst others: 
(i) 
liquidity risk; 
(ii) 
greater volatility; 
(iii) 
the Issuer, as a shareholder of a Company, could lose all or a substantial portion of its 
investment in that Company; 
(iv) 
a Company is not expected to be registered with, or regulated by, any securities or governmental 
authority.  Accordingly, the benefits of any further or additional registrations and regulations, 
are not, and would not be applicable to the Company or available to its members, including the 
Issuer; 
(v) 
a Company may be subject to several conflicts of interest that may be detrimental to the 
performance of the Company.  For example, (a) an adviser to a Company might not be required 
to devote its full time to the Company; (b) an adviser to a Company may have a conflict of 
interest when allocating investment opportunities between the Company and its other clients; 
(c) an adviser to a Company may trade in the types of assets invested in by the Company for its 
own respective accounts; or (d) other agents and service providers to an Company may engage 
in businesses that are competitive to that of the Company; 
(vi) 
in managing and directing the day-to-day activities and affairs of a Company, a manager for 
such Company relies heavily on its directors and may be leanly staffed.  If any of such

--- Page 50 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
50 
 
manager’s key persons were to leave or be unable to carry out his or her present responsibilities, 
it may have an adverse effect on the management of the Company; 
(vii) 
risks arising from limited information available in respect of recently formed Companies (that 
would not permit an investor in the Securities to evaluate past performance of the Company 
and the risk associated with an investment in the Securities); 
(viii) 
restrictions to the ability of the Issuer, as shareholder of the Company, to transfer the Shares in 
the relevant Company and potential consequent losses for the Issuer; 
(ix) 
Shares in a Company may only be transferable with the consent of the manager of such 
Company.  Consequently, the Issuer may only be able to dispose of the  Shares by means of 
withdrawal on a Business Day (with a certain number of Business Days’ prior notice) (and, in 
certain circumstances, the right of withdrawal may be limited or suspended) which could mean 
there is no secondary market for the Shares of a Company; 
(x) 
risks arising from investments made by the Company (which may include, without limitation, 
investments in shares, corporate bonds, government bonds or other assets in jurisdictions, 
including emerging markets, that might have legal and regulatory frameworks that are not as 
well developed as developed countries and unlisted securities that provide such Companies 
with direct or indirect exposure to entities which use debt financing or trade on margin (i.e. 
borrowing against the assets purchased) to obtain an optimum return on their equity capital, 
etc.), which in turn may increase the risks associated with Securities linked to Shares in the 
relevant Company; 
(xi) 
risks arising from the legal structure of the Company and the nature of its business.  In 
particular, the Company may be a fund, which will regularly charge fees (in particular, the fund 
manager, asset manager or investment consultant may charge management fees and/or a 
performance-related fee) that lower the redemption proceeds used to determine the redemption, 
cancellation and/or interim amounts under the Securities;  
(xii) 
there may also be fees incurred at the level of the assets held by a Company that lower the value 
of these assets, and thereby also indirectly lower the net asset value of the Company itself.  Such 
fees occur especially if the Company for its part invests in a funds (or a fund of funds) or other 
investment vehicles or instruments entailing fees; 
(xiii) 
Companies may change the denomination of their Shares from Specified Currency to another 
currency may impact the returns of Securities linked to Shares in the relevant Company; 
(xiv) 
risks arising from the occurrence of certain event or circumstances in relation to Companies 
which (i) obliges the Issuer to sell or dispose of its Shares in the relevant Company, or (ii) which 
may have a materially detrimental effect on the risk profile of Securities linked to Shares in the 
relevant Company; 
(xv) 
the suspension by a Company of acceptance of subscription for or redemptions of Shares, or a 
declaration by a Company of compulsory termination or redemption of or any dividend or 
distribution in respect of its Shares; 
(xvi) 
Companies may become subject to action, suit, proceedings, inquiry or investigation brought 
or pending by a court, governmental or regulatory body or a third party, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the solvency or liquidity of a Company and which in turn may 
increase the risks associated with Securities linked to Shares in the relevant Company; 
(xvii) material changes to, or material breaches of, a Company’s constitutional documents  or 
investment guidelines;

--- Page 51 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
51 
 
(xviii) Companies might invest in shares, corporate bonds, government bonds or other assets in 
jurisdictions, including emerging markets, that might have legal and regulatory frameworks 
that are not as well developed as developed countries.  Investing in emerging markets has its 
own risks, including, but not limited to less liquid and less efficient securities markets; greater 
price volatility; exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls; less publicly available 
information about issuers; the imposition of restrictions on the repatriation of funds or other 
assets out of the country; higher transaction and custody costs and higher settlement risks; 
difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations; lesser levels of regulation of the securities 
markets; different accounting, disclosure and reporting requirements; more substantial 
government involvement in the economy; higher rates of inflation; social, political and 
economic instability; and risk of nationalisation or expropriation of assets and risk of war or 
terrorism; 
(xix) 
a Company might invest in debt instruments and unlisted securities that provide such 
Companies with direct or indirect exposure to entities which use debt financing or trade on 
margin (i.e. borrowing against the assets purchased) to obtain an optimum return on their equity 
capital.  The use of such techniques may therefore increase the volatility of the price of such 
debt instruments and unlisted securities and as a result may impact the returns of such 
Companies;  
(xx) 
the Company might base trading decisions on mathematical analyses of technical factors 
relating to past market performance rather than fundamental analysis.  The buy and sell signals 
generated by a technical, trend-following trading strategy are derived from a study of actual 
intraday and daily price fluctuations, volume variations and changes in open interest in the 
markets.  The profitability of any technical, trend-following trading strategy depends upon the 
occurrence in the future of significant, sustained price moves in some of the markets traded.  A 
danger for trend-following trading strategies is whip-saw markets, that is, markets in which a 
potential price trend may start to develop but reverses before an actual trend is realised.  A 
pattern of false starts may generate repeated entry and exit signals in technical systems, 
resulting in unprofitable transactions;or 
(xxi) 
risks arising from other fees and expenses that can be incurred by the Company in relation to 
third persons employed by such Company’s fund manager to provide services connected to 
such Company (such as custodian bank fees, fees for investment advice and auditing). 
The value of any Company may be affected by any taxes imposed on the Company’s income and assets, 
including withholding taxes on payments it receives on its investments. 
In addition, following the existence or occurrence of certain events in respect of the Shares of a 
Company, if the Calculation Agent determines that such event or events are material for the purposes 
of the Securities, a Mandatory Redemption Event (in the case of Notes) or Mandatory Cash Settlement 
Event (in the case of Certificates) will occur which will lead to a Mandatory Redemption Event or 
Mandatory Cash Settlement Event (as applicable) occurring. 
The occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event or Mandatory Cash Settlement Event (as applicable) 
may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Securities and/or may 
delay settlement in respect of the Securities.  Potential investors should review the Conditions to 
ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
The summary set out above in respect of the potential risks relating to Single Share Securities and Share 
Basket Securities does not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks involved in 
in an investment in this type of Securities, but investors in the Securities should understand that the 
occurrence of any of the events listed above may materially affect the return on the Securities and any 
relevant investors may lose all or part of their original investment.

--- Page 52 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
52 
 
Meetings of Securityholders, modification and waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed and Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally (including amendments to the Conditions and/or the 
Trust Deed). 
Such provisions include, among other things, (i) quorum requirements for the holding of 
Securityholders’ meetings and (ii) voting thresholds required to pass Extraordinary Resolutions at such 
meetings (or through written resolutions).  The quorum required for a meeting of Securityholders 
convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution (other than resolutions regarding modifying the details 
of the Mortgaged Property or the Unsecured Series Property, the maturity or expiration of the Securities 
or the dates on which interest is payable on them; reducing or cancelling the Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount of any premium payable on redemption of, or interest on, or varying the 
method of calculating the rate of interest or reducing the minimum rate of interest on the Securities; 
changing the currency of payment of the Securities; modifying the Events of Default; modifying the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders and the provisions 
concerning the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (“special quorum resolution”)) 
is two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Securities for 
the time being outstanding.  The quorum at an adjourned meeting is two or more persons holding 
Securities or representing Securityholders.  The quorum required for a meeting of Securityholders 
convened to vote on a special quorum resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing 
at least two-thirds in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding.  The quorum at 
an adjourned meeting to vote on a special quorum resolution is two or more persons holding or 
representing at least one-third in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding.  It 
should, however, be noted that Extraordinary Resolutions (including to amend the Conditions and/or 
the Trust Deed) may still be effected in circumstances where not all Securityholders agree with the 
terms thereof and an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of any such amendments or waivers once 
passed in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions will be binding on all such dissenting 
Securityholders. 
This means that certain decisions in respect of the Securities (including approval of certain material 
modifications of their terms) may be taken by a specified majority of Securityholders even if such 
decisions are not in line with the interests of a single Securityholder. 
In addition, the Trust Deed and Conditions also provide that the Series Trustee may, without the consent 
of any of the Securityholders, agree to and, in the case of Secured Securities, may direct the Security 
Trustee to agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document which is in the opinion of the Series Trustee of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the 
Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions 
of the Trust Deed or any of the other Transaction Documents which, in any such case, is in the opinion 
of the Series Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interest of all of the Securityholders. 
If any such modifications prove to be not in line with the interests of the Securityholders, there is no 
guarantee that the Securityholders will have recourse against the Series Trustee. 
Resolution of financial institutions 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) produced a 
document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial institutions.  Resolution 
is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the failure of a firm in an orderly fashion.  
The objective of an effective resolution regime for financial institutions is to allow authorities to resolve 
financial institutions in an orderly manner without taxpayer exposure to loss from solvency support, 
while maintaining continuity of their vital economic functions.

--- Page 53 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
53 
 
The FSB proposed that resolution authorities should have at their disposal a broad range of resolution 
powers.  These included (without limitation) powers to do the following: 
(i) 
to operate and resolve the firm, including powers to terminate contracts, continue or assign 
contracts, purchase or sell assets, write down debt and take any other action necessary to 
restructure or wind down the firm’s operations; 
(ii) 
to transfer or sell assets and liabilities, legal rights and obligations to a solvent third party, 
notwithstanding any requirements for consent or novation that would otherwise apply; 
(iii) 
to carry out bail-in, which would allow, amongst other things, resolution authorities to write 
down equity or other instruments of ownership of a firm and unsecured and uninsured creditor 
claims, to convert into equity or other instruments of ownership of the firm all or parts of 
unsecured and uninsured creditor claims; and 
(iv) 
to temporarily stay the exercise of early termination rights that may otherwise be triggered upon 
entry of a firm into resolution or in connection with the use of resolution powers. 
The G20 countries have committed to make any necessary reforms to fully implement the FSB’s 
proposals regarding effective resolution regimes for financial institutions, and new laws have been 
implemented, or are in the process of being implemented, to reflect this. 
In the European Union, on 12 June 2014, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union.  The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide 
supervisory authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order 
to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
The majority of the requirements of the BRRD have been implemented in the UK through the UK 
Banking Act 2009, as amended and related statutory instruments (together, the “UK Banking Act”).  
The UK Banking Act provides for a “resolution regime” granting substantial powers to the Bank of 
England (or, in certain circumstances, HM Treasury), to implement resolution measures (in consultation 
with other UK authorities) with respect to a UK financial institution where the resolution authority 
considers that the relevant institution is failing or is likely to fail, there is no reasonable prospect of 
other measures preventing the failure of the institution and resolution action is necessary in the public 
interest. 
The powers granted to supervisory authorities under the BRRD and the UK Banking Act include (but 
are not limited to) (A) the introduction of a bail-in power, which gives the resolution authorities the 
power to convert certain liabilities into ordinary shares or other instruments of the surviving entity (if 
any), (B) powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the 
exercise of the resolution powers and (C) powers to effect a close out of derivative transactions and 
determine the value of such transactions. 
In the United States, the United States resolution regime for financial institutions has been significantly 
enhanced since the financial crisis.  The Orderly Liquidation Authority (the “OLA”), introduced 
in 2010 as part of Dodd-Frank, provides the authorities with a robust framework for facilitating the 
resolution of most financial institutions that have the potential to cause severe systemic disruption 
and/or expose taxpayers to loss in the event of their failure.  The regime as set out in the OLA and the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act lays out a framework through which the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation, through an administrative process, can exercise a broad range of resolution powers to deal 
with a failing systemically important bank or bank holding company, while protecting financial 
stability.

--- Page 54 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
54 
 
Although the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any implementing legislation, the taking of 
any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may adversely affect the 
Securityholders. 
In particular, if the obligor in respect of any Series Asset or the Swap Counterparty is within the scope 
of any implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Series Asset or the Swap (as 
the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination 
rights under the Swap; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap and to 
value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may be different to the value 
that would have been determined by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty (as the case may be)). 
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is 
complex and the resolution of the Swap Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Securities in 
multiple and unpredictable ways. 
Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets 
or sums to meet its obligations under the Securities or any transaction documents for that Series, the 
Securities may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to 
Securityholders may be delayed.  Each Securityholder should take such advice as it deems necessary to 
ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its investment in the 
Securities. 
(3) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
No investigations 
No investigations, due diligence, searches or other enquiries have been or will be made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Dealer or the Series Trustee in respect of the Underlying Assets (if any) relating to 
any Series.  No representations or warranties, express or implied, have been given by the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other person on their behalf in respect of the 
Underlying Assets (if any) relating to any Series. 
However, the Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Securities may acquire, confidential 
information or enter into transactions with respect to any Underlying Assets, as applicable, and they 
shall not be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Securityholder or the Issuer. 
As a consequence, investors in the Securities may not have sufficient information to take an informed 
decision in respect of their investment in the Securities, which could result in potential losses. 
Any interested party in the Securities of a Series must carry out their own due diligence on the 
Underlying Assets of a Series before purchasing the Securities of such Series, which may result in 
higher costs. 
Underlying Assets 
The Underlying Assets relating to any Securities will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks.  In the event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Underlying Assets or the 
Swap Counterparty, various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor or the Swap 
Counterparty may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the Issuer, the Series Trustee or the Security

--- Page 55 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
55 
 
Trustee (if applicable) may recover in respect such Underlying Assets.  In addition, certain Underlying 
Assets may be posted as collateral to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to a credit support document in 
respect of a Swap Agreement and such Underlying Assets may not be available to the Issuer upon 
liquidation or enforcement of the Security. 
If Securities redeem other than on their Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable), the Underlying 
Assets relating thereto will be sold or otherwise liquidated (except where otherwise transferred in 
accordance with the Conditions).  No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale 
or liquidation of such Underlying Assets at that time since the market value of such Underlying Assets 
will be affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers 
and obligors of the Underlying Assets and the Swap Counterparty, (ii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the Underlying 
Assets and (iv) the liquidity of the Underlying Assets. 
With respect to Securities, payments in respect of which are dependent upon the redemption of sale 
proceeds in respect of the Underlying Assets that are Shares, an investment in these Securities may bear 
market risk similar to a direct investment in such Underlying Assets and prospective investors should 
take advice accordingly. An investment in such Securities will entail significant risks not associated 
with a conventional debt security. Furthermore, investment by the Issuer in a particular company 
involves risks that can be directly applicable to such companies. Such risks may have an adverse impact 
on the Securities that the prospective investors should consider and in respect of which should obtain 
relevant independent advice. 
Accordingly, the price at which such Underlying Assets are sold or liquidated may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, to the market value of the Underlying Assets on the issue date and the 
proceeds of any such sale or liquidation and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the 
relevant Series may not be sufficient, following deduction of amounts to be paid to prior ranking 
claimants in accordance with the Conditions, to repay the full amount of principal of and interest on the 
relevant Securities that the holders of such Securities would expect to receive in the event that the 
Securities were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable). 
(4) 
RISKS RELATING TO THIRD PARTIES 
Risks arising from third parties appointed under the Programme to perform certain activities in 
respect of the Securities 
The Issuer is a party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform services in 
relation to the Securities and/or may perform services in relation to the Underlying Assets and the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities will be dependent, where applicable, upon the 
payment of principal and interest due on the Underlying Assets, upon the payment of all sums due from 
the relevant Swap Counterparty, upon the Paying Agent and the Custodian making the relevant 
payments when received and upon all parties to the Transaction Documents (other than the relevant 
Issuer) performing their respective obligations thereunder. 
Accordingly, Securityholders are exposed, among other things, to the creditworthiness of the obligor(s) 
and services provider(s) in respect of the Underlying Assets, the Swap Counterparty, the Paying Agent 
the Custodian (the Swap Counterparty, the Paying Agent and the Custodian each being a “Relevant 
Entity”). 
The creditworthiness and/or performance of each of the Relevant Entities may be dependent upon 
economic, political, financial and social events, locally and globally and these events could adversely 
affect any of (i) the market value of the Underlying Assets and/or (ii) the consolidated financial 
condition or results of operations in future periods of any Relevant Entity.  In addition, any such entity 
may become subject to litigation and regulatory or governmental scrutiny or may be subject to changes

--- Page 56 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
56 
 
in applicable regulatory regimes that may be materially adverse to them, their prospects or their ability 
to meet their obligations. 
If current market conditions and circumstances deteriorate further this could lead to a decline in credit 
quality, corrections in asset prices and increases in defaults and non-performing debt, and there can be 
no assurance that such factors will not adversely affect the market value of the Underlying Assets and/or 
any Relevant Entity’s creditworthiness and/or performance and, in turn, the performance of the 
Securities.  Please also refer to risk factors under sections “Swap Counterparty risk”, “Risks relating to 
the Paying Agent” and “Risks relating to the Custodian” below. 
Furthermore, there can be no certainty that, in the event that any such Relevant Entity needs to be 
replaced, a replacement party can be found to take over their responsibilities or that such replacement 
party will agree to do so on identical terms of those agreed with the outgoing party.  Furthermore, the 
liability of any such party, the extent to which the Issuer may make a claim in the event of inadequate 
performance or non-performance may be limited by the provisions of the relevant contract.  In such 
case, the ability of the Issuer to recover damages incurred may be reduced, which would in turn affect 
the amount available to make payments under the Securities. 
The Dealer has agreed to pay certain fees, costs and expenses of the Issuer in relation to the Securities.  
In the event that the Dealer does not meet such obligations on time and in full (which may occur, for 
example, upon the insolvency (or the occurrence of an analogous event) of the Dealer), the Issuer may 
not be able to meet its periodic costs and expenses which may lead to a default of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Trust Deed and consequently an Event of Default. 
Series Trustee and Security Trustee indemnity 
In certain circumstances, the Securityholders of a Series may be dependent on the Series Trustee or 
(solely in the case of Secured Securities) the Security Trustee to take certain actions in respect of a 
Series, in particular if the Security (if applicable) in respect of such Series becomes enforceable under 
the Conditions.  Prior to taking such action, the Series Trustee and/or the Security Trustee (if applicable) 
is entitled to require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
If the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction it may not be bound to take such action and such inaction will not constitute a breach by it 
of its obligations under the Trust Deed. 
Consequently, the Securityholders may have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security or 
accept the consequences of such inaction by the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee.  Securityholders 
should be prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or 
prefunding and/or the consequences of any such inaction by the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee.  
Such inaction by the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee will not entitle Securityholders to take action 
directly against the Issuer to pursue remedies for any breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed or the 
Securities (although the events giving rise to the need for Series Trustee or Security Trustee action 
might also permit the Securityholders to exercise certain rights directly under the Conditions). 
Swap Counterparty risk 
If a Series has a Swap with a Swap Counterparty specified in the Issuance Document, the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Securities will be dependent also upon receipt by the 
Issuer of payments from the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap Agreement.  Consequently, 
the Securityholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, but also on 
the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and on the performance by the Swap Counterparty of its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement for such Series.

--- Page 57 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
57 
 
If the Swap Counterparty defaults or is not otherwise able to perform its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement, the Issuer may not have the resources required to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Series and therefore the relevant Securityholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
Risks relating to the Paying Agent 
Any payments made to Securityholders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities 
will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer.  Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the 
Issuer is to transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the Securities, on or before 
each date on which such payment in respect of the Securities becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Securityholders in respect of the Securities, is 
declared insolvent, the Securityholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in 
respect of the Securities from the Paying Agent. 
The Issuer will still be liable to Securityholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Securityholders may not 
receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them.  Consequently, the Securityholders are relying not 
only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the creditworthiness of 
the Paying Agent in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Agency Agreement to make 
or facilitate payments to Securityholders. 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
If a Series has a Custodian specified in the Issuance Document then (i) certain amounts of the proceeds 
of the issuance of the Securities, amounts from the sale of the Underlying Assets relating to such 
Securities and other amounts may be deposited into such Cash Account, which will be held with the 
Custodian and (ii) collateral in the form of cash or securities will be held in an account of the Custodian 
in the name of the Issuer (provided that, in limited circumstances, the Custodian may register or record 
securities in a name other than the Issuer). 
In this scenario, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Securities will be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the relevant Custody 
Agreement for such Series.  Consequently, the Securityholders are relying not only on the 
creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in respect 
of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Series, subject to any 
relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that Underlying Assets in the form of securities 
are not beneficially owned by the Custodian and therefore would not be available to its creditors on any 
insolvency of the Custodian. 
If the Custodian, while holding funds for, inter alia, payment to Securityholders in respect of the 
Securities, is declared insolvent, the Securityholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts 
due to them in respect of the Securities from the Custodian. 
The Issuer will still be liable to Securityholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Securityholders may not 
receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them.  Consequently, the Securityholder are relying not 
only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the creditworthiness of 
the Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement to make or 
facilitate certain payments to Securityholders. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian for the 
account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as trustee.  
Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and will represent only an unsecured claim 
against the Custodian’s assets.

--- Page 58 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
58 
 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer may authorise the Custodian to hold the Series Assets in the 
Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any securities depositary or at such other 
account keeper or clearing system as the Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of instruments 
which comprise the Underlying Assets. 
Where the Underlying Assets are held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system, 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the relevant Series will be dependent upon 
receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for such Series (if 
the Series Assets are so held) and, in turn, the Custodian will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon 
receipt of payments from such sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system.  Consequently, 
the Securityholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Series Assets and the Custodian 
in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Series, but also 
on the creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system 
holding the Series Assets subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that 
custody assets held by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the 
sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Underlying Assets in the form of securities with sub-
custodians in omnibus accounts.  Where securities are held in an omnibus account, this may result in 
such securities not being as well protected as if the securities were held in a segregated account. 
If there are insufficient securities to meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that account, 
the Issuer may not recover some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or clearing systems may 
have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Series Assets held with them in relation to any of their 
fees and/or expenses.  If, for whatever reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the 
relevant sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, 
which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of the Series Assets, 
and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the 
Securities. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Securities will not only be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for 
the relevant Series (if the Series Assets are so held) but will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, 
security depositary or clearing system not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Series 
Assets that it holds. 
Consequently, the Securityholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Series Assets, but 
also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due any fees or expenses of such sub-
custodian, security depositary or clearing system. 
Failure by the Custodian to pay any such fees or expenses and consequent exercise of any rights of any 
sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system in respect of such liens or right of set-off may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 59 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
59 
 
Risk that investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
The Securities will be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined in the Principal Trust Deed).  The 
Global Certificate will be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of the 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive registered 
securities.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Certificate. 
While the Securities are represented by the Global Certificate, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Securities by making payments to the common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Securities (which may create delays) and the 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Certificate. 
(5) 
RISKS ARISING FROM POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
General 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection 
with any issue of Securities.  Any Series Transaction Party or any such affiliate, as the case may be, 
when acting in such capacities in connection with the transactions described herein in respect of any 
Series shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant 
capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have 
other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided 
with respect to the relevant capacity. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates in its various capacities may enter into business 
dealings relating to the Securities or Underlying Assets, or any asset to which the Securities or 
Underlying Assets are exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale of the Securities and/or Underlying 
Assets, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various 
documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may from time to time be in possession of certain 
information (confidential or otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any 
Underlying Assets which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Securityholder, affect 
decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Securities.  Notwithstanding this, none of the 
Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to notify the 
Securityholder or the Issuer or any other Series Transaction Parties (including any directors, officers or 
employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor 
of any Underlying Assets and may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business transactions with, 
the issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets and may act with respect to such transactions in the same 
manner as if the Securities of the relevant Series did not exist and without regard to whether any such 
action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets, the Issuer or the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series.

--- Page 60 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
60 
 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may at any time be active and significant 
participants in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments 
relating to currencies, securities and derivatives.  Activities undertaken by any Series Transaction Party 
and any of its affiliates may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the 
price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities and 
derivatives based on, or relating to the Securities or any Underlying Assets.  Notwithstanding this, none 
of the Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to take into 
account the interests of any party in relation to any Securities when effecting transactions in such 
markets. 
One or more of the Series Transaction Parties and their affiliates may: 
(a) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the 
Underlying Assets; 
(b) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Underlying 
Assets or other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the 
Underlying Assets or an affiliate thereof; 
(c) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Underlying Assets 
under a swap or other derivative agreements; 
(d) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their 
respective affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective 
affiliates; 
(e) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or 
financial advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets 
or their respective affiliates; or 
(f) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Underlying 
Assets, the Series Transaction Parties are entitled to fees and expenses (if not otherwise paid) senior in 
priority to payments on such Underlying Assets. 
When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer or obligor of any Underlying 
Assets or an affiliate thereof, a Series Transaction Party may owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such 
other classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests from the holders of 
the class of securities of which the relevant Underlying Assets are a part, and may take actions that are 
adverse to the holders (including, where applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the 
relevant Underlying Assets are a part. 
As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements, a Series Transaction Party may take 
actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation 
of its exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating such swaps or 
agreements in accordance with the terms thereof.  In making and administering loans and other 
obligations, a Series Transaction Party may take actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a 
loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral 
or other credit enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors 
with respect to, any Underlying Assets in bankruptcy and/or demanding payment on a loan guarantee 
or under other credit enhancement.  The Issuer’s acquisition, holding and sale of the Underlying Assets

--- Page 61 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
61 
 
may enhance the profitability or value of investments made by a Series Transaction Party in the issuers 
thereof or obligors in respect thereof. 
As a result of all such transactions or arrangements between a Series Transaction Party and the issuers 
of, and obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates, a Series Transaction 
Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Securityholders and such 
a Series Transaction Party shall not be required to take into account the interests of the Issuer and/or 
the Securityholders when taking decisions about all such transactions or arrangements. 
This means that activities performed or transactions or arrangements entered into by a Series 
Transaction Party in any of its capacities other than those under the Programme, could potentially affect 
the value of the Securities and/or of the Underlying Assets in unpredictable ways and Securityholders 
can lose or all or part of their investment as a consequence thereof. 
The Series Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions in respect of a Series, the Series Trustee shall have 
regard to the interests of the Securityholders of that Series as a class and shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the Series Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders. 
This means that any actions taken by the Series Trustee may not be in line with interest of certain 
individual Securityholders whose interests or considerations in respect of an investment in the Securities 
are different from those of the Securityholders of that particular Series considered as a class. 
(6) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN TAX RULES 
Information Reporting 
On 9 December 2014, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2014/107/EU (amending Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU) on the mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation to 
implement the OECD measures known as the “Common Reporting Standard”.  Member States were 
required to implement this Directive in respect of taxable periods from 1 January 2016 and to begin 
exchanging information pursuant to such Directive no later than 30 September 2017 (subject to deferral 
under transitional rules in the case of Austria). 
On 27 May 2015, the EU and Switzerland signed a Protocol amending their existing agreement relating 
to the taxation of savings income and transforming it into an agreement on automatic exchange of 
financial account information based on the Common Reporting Standard.  The revised agreement also 
takes into account the provisions of the aforementioned Directive 2014/107/EU.  The previous EU-
Switzerland agreement relating to the taxation of savings income continued to be operational until 31 
December 2016.  From 1 January 2017, financial institutions in the EU and Switzerland commenced 
the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new agreement to identify customers who are 
reportable persons, i.e. for Switzerland, residents of any EU Member State.  By September 2018, the 
national authorities should have reported the financial information to each other. 
The United Kingdom also has its own tax information exchange legislation similar to FATCA (in 
relation to which see below) with the Crown Dependencies and Overseas Territories (“CDOT”).  The 
Common Reporting Standard has replaced the CDOT reporting on a phased basis.  Reporting related to 
the CDOT jurisdictions in respect of 2018 and subsequent years will be under the Common Reporting 
Standard. 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, repealing EC 
Council Directive 2003/48/EC (“Savings Directive”) on the taxation of savings income with effect

--- Page 62 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
62 
 
from 1 January 2016 (or 1 January 2017 in the case of Austria), subject to ongoing requirements to fulfil 
administrative obligations such as the reporting and exchange of information relating to, and accounting 
for withholding taxes on, payments made before those dates.  The repeal of the Savings Directive is 
intended to prevent overlap between the Savings Directive and the Common Reporting Standard. 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2018/822/EU (amending Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU) on the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation to introduce a 
set of mandatory disclosure rules (“Mandatory Disclosure Rules”).  The Mandatory Disclosure Rules 
require the disclosure of certain information regarding reportable ‘cross-border’ arrangements to tax 
authorities and the information reported will be exchanged automatically among the EU Member States’ 
tax authorities.  An arrangement will be ‘cross-border’ where it concerns more than one EU Member 
State, or a Member State and a third country.  Broadly, an arrangement will be reportable under the 
Mandatory Disclosure Rules if it exhibits one or more of the ‘hallmarks’ as set out in the directive.  The 
information must be reported by persons who have acted as ‘intermediaries’ in such transactions and, 
in certain cases, taxpayers themselves.  An ‘intermediary’ for these purposes is defined very broadly 
and includes any person that designs, markets, organises or makes available for implementation or 
manages the implementation of a reportable cross-border arrangement.  Reporting obligations 
(originally not due until August 2020) applies since January 2021 but all reportable cross-border 
arrangements from 25 June 2018 must be disclosed.  EU Member States were obliged to introduce 
implementing domestic legislation by 31 December 2019 and to apply the provisions in the Mandatory 
Disclosure Rules from 1 July 2020.  Council Directive 2018/822/EU implementing the Mandatory 
Disclosure Rules has been transposed into Irish law by Chapter 3A, Part 33, Taxes Consolidation Act 
1997 and European Union (Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation) (Amendment) 
Regulations 2019. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Tax Risks in General 
The tax treatment of the Securities may not be clear in certain jurisdictions.  This can lead to unexpected 
deductions or other tax obligations. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the information on taxation contained in this document 
but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
sale and redemption of the Securities. 
Failure by investors to do so may result in adverse tax consequences (including breach of any applicable 
tax law) for the relevant investors as a result of their investment in the Securities. 
FATCA 
An investor that fails to comply with certain tax identification and certification requirements, under 
rules colloquially referred to as FATCA, may be (i) subject to a 30% withholding tax on income (and 
possibly, in the future, sales and redemption proceeds) and (ii) forced to sell its Securities prior to their 
redemption, potentially at a significant loss.  Prospective investors should refer to the Section “Taxation 
in the United States—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”. 
Income on Certain Series Treated as U.S. Source Income for U.S. Withholding tax Purposes 
Although the Securities will be issued by a non-U.S. entity, income on the Securities of certain Series 
may be at risk of being considered to arise in whole or in part from sources within the United States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, with respect to those Series, the Issuer will (and assumes 
intermediaries also will) treat all income as arising from sources within the United States and will make 
payments free of U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies it with 
appropriate U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an U.S. Internal Revenue Service

--- Page 63 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
63 
 
(“IRS”) Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  The Issuance Document for a Series will indicate that the Issuer 
intends to treat the income on that Series as arising from sources in the United States, if applicable. 
U.S. Withholding on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in respect of U.S. Equities 
With limited exceptions section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) impose a withholding tax of 30 % (or lower treaty rate 
applicable to dividends) on certain “dividend equivalent payments” paid or deemed paid to non-
U.S. investors in certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (which may include equity in 
certain partnerships) or indices that include U.S. equities (other than certain qualified indices).  Under 
these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked Security does not provide 
for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend.  
The applicable Issuance Document will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that payments made 
on the Securities are subject to withholding under Section 871(m) and, if so, will specify contact details 
for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.  The 
Issuer’s determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Securities, but it is not binding on the IRS. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities 
linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain.  
Prospective investors should refer to the Section “Taxation in the United States – Withholding under 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 871(m).” 
Withholding on Payments Received by the Issuer on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in respect 
of U.S. Equities; Double Withholding 
Alphabeta Securities.  Alphabeta is a “qualified derivatives dealer” (“QDD”) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes.  As a QDD, Alphabeta is not subject to U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalent 
payments it receives on the swaps it enters into with the Swap Counterparty over U.S. equities. There 
can be no assurance that Alphabeta will be able to maintain its QDD status. If Alphabeta loses its 
status as a QDD, dividend equivalent payments in relation to U.S. dividends (which may include 
distributions with respect to certain partnerships) it receives on its swaps will be subject to a 30 % 
withholding tax, which will be passed on to the holders of the Securities.  This 30 % tax is in addition 
to, and is not offset by, a 30 % withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid (or deemed paid) on the 
Securities.  None of these withholdings will be grossed-up.  Accordingly, in the event the Issuer loses 
its status as a QDD, the Security holders will economically suffer two deductions of 30% (this is 
colloquially referred to as “Double Withholding”).  See “Memel Securities” immediately below for a 
further discussion of Double Withholding. 
Memel Securities.  Memel does not currently intend to become a QDD for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  See “Alphabeta Securities” immediately above.  Accordingly, where a Security (a 
“Section 871(m) Security”) is subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer generally 
expects that it will be subject to an additional 30% withholding tax on the income it earns on the assets 
that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure under the Section 871(m) Security.  To offset the potential 
cost of such withholding, the Issuer will assess an additional 30% charge against gross amounts of 
dividend equivalent payments made on such Section 871(m) Security.  This 30% charge is referred to 
herein as “Double Withholding” and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed under 
Section 871(m) itself.  The amount of income that will be withheld under section 871(m) will be 
computed without regard to any double withholding.  Further, for simplicity, Double Withholding will 
be computed as 30% of the dividend equivalent payments made on a Section 871(m) Security without 
any attempt to determine the specific amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s assets attributable to the 
hedging of any particular Section 871(m) Security.  Thus, the total amount that is effectively withheld 
will be 60% of any dividend equivalents payments.  The Double Withholding likely will (and a portion 
of the withholding under Section 871(m) may) be treated as an adjustment to the amount payable on

--- Page 64 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
64 
 
the Section 871(m) Security and not as a withholding tax for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes, such as 
determining the amount of any foreign tax credit. 
No Gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed, including Double Withholding 
(including, without limitation, through any law or regulation implementing a system of financial 
transaction tax in any jurisdiction, including the European Union, relating to any tax payable in respect 
of the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments) on payments on 
(or the proceed of redemption or sale of) the Securities, the Securityholders will not be entitled to 
receive additional amounts to compensate for such withholding tax and will not be reimbursed for the 
amount of any shortfall. 
Further, the Securityholders may receive a lower price for the Securities in the secondary market or 
lower redemption proceeds when the Securities are redeemed. 
Treaty Benefits and Foreign Tax Credits 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other Clearing 
Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any 
U.S. equity linked Security that is necessary for an investor to obtain a reduced rate of withholding on 
dividend equivalent payments.  Thus, the Issuer will not be able to reliably associate dividend equivalent 
payments with valid documentation and will be required to withhold from dividend equivalent 
payments at a rate of 30%.  If the beneficial owner of a Security is entitled to a reduced rate of 
withholding under a treaty, this will result in over-withholding.  Non-U.S. investors should consult with 
their tax advisers regarding an investment in the Securities (including the possibility of obtaining a 
refund of the U.S. withholding tax). 
In addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim a foreign tax credit in the country of its residence 
(i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to qualify for a reduced rate under a treaty and (ii) in 
respect of Double Withholding. 
(7) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN U.S. REGULATIONS 
U.S. Dodd-Frank Act 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 2010 
(“Dodd-Frank”), establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts (collectively referred to in this risk factor as “covered swaps”).  Among other things, Title VII 
provides the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types 
of derivatives that were previously traded over the counter, requires the establishment of a 
comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable to dealers in covered swaps and other 
major market participants, requires many types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on 
swap execution facilities and centrally cleared, and requires the imposition of capital and margin 
requirements for certain uncleared transactions in covered swaps. 
While Title VII provided that it was to go into effect on 16 July 2011, the SEC and CFTC have 
repeatedly delayed compliance with many of Title VII’s requirements through exemptive orders, no-
action letters or other forms of relief.  While the CFTC has finalised and adopted a body of regulations 
under Title VII and many of the obligations under those regulations have become effective, the SEC is 
significantly behind the CFTC and many of its rules are still in the proposal phase and are not yet in 
effect.  As Title VII’s requirements go into effect, it is clear that covered swap counterparties, dealers 
and other major market participants, as well as commercial users of covered swaps, will experience new 
and/or additional regulatory requirements, compliance burdens and associated costs.

--- Page 65 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
65 
 
Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside 
the scope of certain regulatory regimes imposed pursuant to Dodd-Frank, there is no assurance that the 
Swap (if applicable) would not be treated as covered swaps under Title VII, nor is there assurance that 
the Issuer would not be required to comply with additional regulation under the U.S. Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended, including by Dodd-Frank (the “CEA”), as described immediately below.  
If the Swap (if any) is treated as a covered swap under Title VII, the Issuer may be required to comply 
with additional regulation under the CEA and, moreover, the Issuer could be deemed a commodity pool 
that is required to register as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC (see the risk factor titled 
“U.S. regulatory considerations – Risks relating to the U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation” below). 
Such additional regulations and/or registration requirements may result in, among other things, 
increased reporting obligations and also in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuer thereby 
materially and adversely impacting a transaction’s value.  Any such additional registration requirements 
could result in one or more service providers or counterparties to the Issuer resigning, seeking to 
withdraw or renegotiating their relationship with the Issuer.  To the extent any service providers resign, 
it may be difficult to replace such service providers. 
Under Dodd-Frank, any Swaps entered into between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may be 
subject to mandatory execution, clearing and documentation requirements.  Even those Swap (if any) 
not required to be cleared may be subject to initial and variation margining and documentation 
requirements that may require modifications to existing agreements.  Any of the foregoing requirements 
and/or other requirements or obligations under Dodd-Frank could materially increase costs associated 
with the Programme and could materially and adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Investors are urged to consult their own advisers regarding the suitability of an investment in any 
Securities. 
Risks relating to U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation 
The CFTC has rescinded a rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a 
“commodity pool operator” (a “CPO”) or a “commodity trading advisor” (“CTA”) under the CEA in 
respect of certain transactions and investment vehicles involving sophisticated investors.  Dodd-Frank 
also expanded the definition of “commodity pool” to include any form of enterprise operated for the 
purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps.  It should also be certificated that the 
definition of “swap” under Dodd-Frank is itself broad and expressly includes certain interest rate swaps, 
currency swaps and total return swaps.  The term “commodity pool operator” has been expanded to 
include any person engaged in a business that is of the nature of a commodity pool or similar enterprise 
and in connection therewith, solicits, accepts, or receives from others, funds, securities or property for 
the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including any swaps.  The CFTC has taken an expansive 
interpretation of these definitions, and has expressed the view that entering into a single swap could 
make an entity a “commodity pool” subject to regulation under the CEA.  The CFTC has also provided 
extensive exemptive relief in respect of these matters although there is no guarantee that all or any 
aspects of the Programme will be able to take advantage of such relief. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no person has registered nor will register as a CPO of the Issuer 
under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  No assurance can be made that either the 
U.S. federal government or a U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will not take 
further legislative or regulatory action, and the effect of such action, if any, cannot be known or 
predicted.  Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order 
to fall outside the scope of the CEA, if the Issuer were deemed to be one or more “commodity pools”, 
then whoever is deemed to be acting as a CPO in respect thereof would be required to register as such 
with the CFTC.  While there remain certain limited exemptions from registration, because the wording 
of these regulations applies to traditional commodity pools and was not drafted with transactions such 
as those contemplated in relation to the Programme in mind, these exemptions may not be available to 
avoid registration with respect to the Issuer or other parties.  In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to

--- Page 66 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
66 
 
be a “commodity pool”, it would have to comply with a number of reporting requirements that are 
geared to traded commodity pools.  Complying with these requirements on an ongoing basis could 
impose significant costs on the Issuer that may materially and adversely affect the value of the 
Securities.  It is presently unclear how an investment vehicle such as the Issuer could comply with 
certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis.  Such registration and other requirements 
would also involve material ongoing costs to the Issuer.  The scope of such requirements and related 
compliance costs is uncertain but could materially and adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Risks relating to U.S. Volcker Rule 
On 10 December 2013, the SEC, the CFTC and three U.S. banking regulators approved a final rule to 
implement the Volcker Rule.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Volcker Rule prohibits sponsorship of 
and investment in certain “covered funds” by “banking entities”, a term that includes each the Dealer 
and most internationally active banking organisations (which may include the Swap Counterparty).  
Even if an exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest in a covered fund, the banking entity 
may be prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that covered fund.  Covered 
transactions include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction if the swap would result in a 
credit exposure to the covered fund. 
If the Issuer is considered a covered fund and if the Swap Counterparty or any affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty were to be deemed to be a “sponsor” of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty could be 
prohibited from maintaining the Swap with the Issuer, which could lead to an early termination of the 
Swap by reason of a regulatory event (howsoever defined in the terms of the Swap) and an early 
redemption of the Securities (see the risk factor titled “Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or 
other reasons” above).  Such a scenario may thereafter restrict the types of Securities the Issuer may 
agree to issue. 
If the Issuer in respect of a particular Series is considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the market for 
the Securities (whilst they remain outstanding) may be materially and adversely affected, since banking 
entities could be prohibited from, or face restrictions in, investing in the Securities.  This could make it 
difficult or impossible for Securityholders to sell the Securities or it could materially and adversely 
affect their market value. 
Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Board of Governors”) 
adopted a final rule (the “Final Rule”) imposing restrictions on the ability of a party to call a default 
under, or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts (“QFCs”) entered into by any top-
tier bank holding company identified by the Board of Governors as a global systemically important 
banking organisation (each a “GSIB”), the subsidiaries of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or 
the U.S. operations of any foreign GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain 
exceptions, “Covered Entities”).  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency have adopted parallel rules which are substantively the same as the Final 
Rule.  A QFC includes, among other things, over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase agreements, 
contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and any credit enhancement in respect of the foregoing 
contracts (including a guarantee as well as a charge, pledge, mortgage or other similar credit support 
arrangement).  In respect of each Series, the Swap Counterparty or the Dealer may be Covered Entities 
to which the Final Rule applies and the terms applicable to the Swap, the Dealer Agreement and the 
Trust Deed (as non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely to constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the “U.S. Special Resolution Regimes”) 
provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the relevant contract is not governed by 
the laws of the United States or a state of the United States, a court outside the United States may decline 
to enforce such provisions even if a Covered Entity is in a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime.  To address this, the Final Rule requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters

--- Page 67 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
67 
 
into (a “Covered QFC”) includes provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered Entity 
to the same extent as provided under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) restrict the exercise 
of any cross-default rights against such Covered Entity based on any affiliate’s entry into bankruptcy 
or similar proceedings. 
In respect of each Series, each transaction document which constitutes a Covered QFC will include 
provisions which reflect these requirements and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay in being able 
to enforce its rights against such a transaction party or be restricted from terminating such a transaction 
document. 
(8) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET 
Market Value of Securities 
The market value of the Securities may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to 
(i) the value and volatility of the Underlying Asset, if any and the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of any Underlying Asset, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities or 
property to which payments on the Securities may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the 
creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which 
payments on the Securities may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable) and (v) any outstanding transaction fees (if payable out of the proceeds of redemption of the 
Underlying Assets).  Any price at which Securities may be sold prior to the Maturity Date or Expiration 
Date (as applicable) may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Securities 
were acquired on the Issue Date. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Securities in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be substantial.  
Accordingly, any prices provided by the Dealer may not be representative of prices that may be provided 
by other market participants. 
For this reason, any price provided or quoted by the Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon by 
prospective purchasers as establishing, or constituting advice by the Dealer concerning, a mark-to-
market value of the Securities.  The price (if any) provided by the Dealer is at the absolute discretion of 
the Dealer and may be determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit.  Any such price may take 
into account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into by the Dealer with a third party in respect 
of the Securities and that Dealer shall have no obligation to any Securityholder to disclose such 
arrangements.  Any price given would be prepared as of a particular date and time and would not 
therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values or any other factors relevant to the determination 
of the price. 
Therefore, any subsequent transfer of the Securities by a Securityholder to third parties may be made at 
a price (which would generally reflect the market value of the Securities at that time) which may be 
different (and in some instances, materially different) from the price at which the Securities have been 
originally purchased from the Dealer.  This means that the relevant Securityholder may potentially lose 
a substantial part of its investment if it decides to sell its Securities. 
Limited liquidity of the Securities 
Although application may be made to admit the Securities to (i) the Euronext Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market or the GEM of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin), (ii) the Global 
Market or (iii) the official list or unregulated market of another stock exchange, there is currently no 
secondary market for the Securities.  There can be no assurance that a secondary market for any of the 
Securities will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the 
Securities with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Securities.

--- Page 68 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
68 
 
Investors should note that the market for the Securities (if any) will be affected by, among other things, 
supply and demand for the Securities, and that, accordingly, it should not be assumed that there will be 
a significant correlation between the market value of the Securities and the market value of the 
Underlying Assets.  Prospective investors should be aware that the market value of the Securities may 
also be affected by events in the capital and credit markets which may have an effect on the market 
value of the Underlying Assets, the Issuer and/or similar structured securities generally. 
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Securities may be adversely 
affected by changes in the overall market for investment and non-investment grade securities.  If such 
a trading market were to develop, the Securities could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than 
the initial offering price depending on many factors including prevailing interest rates and the market 
for similar securities. 
Under normal market conditions, subject to applicable law and the Dealer’s policies, the Dealer will 
use reasonable efforts to make a market for the Securities and quote bid and offer prices.  However, the 
Dealer is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a market at any time and 
therefore investors in the Securities should not rely, when making an investment decision in respect of 
the Securities, on the potential ability of the Dealer to make a market in respect of any Securities issued 
under the Programme. 
Consequently, any investor of the Securities must be prepared to hold such Securities for an indefinite 
period of time or until redemption of the Securities as an investment in the Securities is only suitable 
for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Securities and the 
financial and other risks associated with such lack of liquidity.

--- Page 69 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
69 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which (subject to completion and amendment and 
as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Issuance Document and, 
save for the italicised text (other than sub-headings)) will be endorsed on each Security (whether bearer 
or registered) in definitive form.  The terms and conditions applicable to any Security which is 
represented by a Global Security (whether bearer or registered) will differ in some respects from those 
which would apply to the Security were it in definitive form, as set out in the Global Security.  Further 
information with respect to Securities of each Series will be given in the Issuance Document which will 
provide for those aspects of these terms and conditions which are applicable to those Securities. 
References in the terms and conditions to: 
(i) 
“Securities” are to the Securities of one Series only, not to all Securities which may be issued 
under the Programme; 
(ii) 
the “Issuer” are references to the relevant Issuer in respect of the relevant Series, which may 
be Memel Capital PCC (“Memel”) acting in respect of any of its protected cells from time to 
time or Alphabeta Access Products Ltd (“Alphabeta”), as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document in respect of the relevant Series; and 
(iii) 
the “Securities” or a “Series” are respectively references to the “Securities” or “Series” issued 
by the relevant Issuer. 
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Securities issued by itself and such Securities and any 
obligations in connection thereto will not be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the Programme 
or any other person.  In particular, for the avoidance of doubt, an Issuer shall not be responsible for and 
shall not be subject to any obligations in respect of the Securities issued by any other Issuer under the 
Programme and shall have no rights in connection thereto. 
Securityholders (as defined in Condition 1(b) (Title to Bearer Securities and Registered Securities)) in 
respect of a particular Series shall have recourse (within the limits provided for under the terms and 
conditions) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series and shall have no rights in respect 
of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person. 
Terms used in the Issuance Document and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings 
where used herein.  References to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in the 
Issuance Document: 
The Securities (as defined in Condition 1(a) (Form, Denomination and Type) below), in the case of 
unsecured Securities (“Unsecured Securities”) are constituted by and, in the case of secured Securities 
(“Secured Securities”) are constituted and secured by, a principal trust deed dated on or about 14 April 
2023  (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Principal Trust Deed”) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer specified in the Issuance Document in respect of such Securities (the 
“Issuer”) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as series trustee for the Securityholders 
(the “Series Trustee” which expression shall include all persons for the time being the series trustee or 
series trustees in respect of the Securities under the Trust Deed referred to below and shall mean, in 
relation to any Series, the persons identified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed as the Series 
Trustee for that Series) and, solely in the case of Secured Securities, in its separate capacity as security 
trustee for the Secured Creditors (the “Security Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the security trustee or security trustees in respect of the Securities under the Trust 
Deed referred to below and shall mean, in relation to any Series, the persons identified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed as the Security Trustee for that Series) as supplemented in relation to the 
Securities by a supplemental trust deed (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Supplemental Trust Deed”) dated the Issue Date (as defined in Condition 24 (General Definitions)

--- Page 70 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
70 
 
below), between the Issuer, the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee (in the case of a Secured Series 
only) and the other parties named therein (the Principal Trust Deed and such Supplemental Trust Deed 
being referred to herein as the “Trust Deed”).  Each Series will either consist of Secured Securities and 
Secured Series Custodian Securities (as defined in Condition 3(b) (Custodian Securities) below) only 
(each a “Secured Series”) or Unsecured Securities and Unsecured Series Custodian Securities (as 
defined in Condition 3(b) (Custodian Securities) below) only (each, an “Unsecured Series”). 
The Securities will have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement dated on or about 
14 April 2023 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as issuing and paying agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent” and (where applicable) 
a “Paying Agent”) together with any other paying agent appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
in respect of the Series (each, a “Paying Agent”), Morgan Stanley & Co International plc as calculation 
agent (the “Calculation Agent”), disposal agent (the “Disposal Agent”), securities custodian (the 
“Securities Custodian”), and The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch, as registrar 
(the “Registrar”). 
The Issuer may also enter into a Related Agreement (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Related Agreements)) 
including an ISDA Master Agreement, Schedule and Confirmation evidencing a related swap 
transaction (the “Swap”) and credit support document (collectively, a “Swap Agreement”) with 
Morgan Stanley & Co.  International plc (the “Swap Counterparty”). 
As used herein, “Calculation Agent”, “Securities Custodian”, “Swap Counterparty”, “Disposal 
Agent”, “Registrar” and “Issuing and Paying Agent” means, in relation to the Securities, the person 
specified in the Issuance Document relating to the Securities as the Calculation Agent, Series Custodian, 
Swap Counterparty, Disposal Agent, Registrar, and Issuing and Paying Agent respectively and, in each 
case, any successor to such person in such capacity. 
The Issuer has also entered into a custody agreement dated on or about 14 April 2023 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Custody Agreement”) between the Issuer, the 
Series Trustee, the Security Trustee and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as custodian 
(the “Custodian”, which expression includes any successor and any other custodian appointed in 
connection with any Securities).  Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may appoint one or 
more sub-custodians in respect of one or more Series. 
The Issuer has also entered into an expenses agreement dated on or about 14 April 2023 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Expenses Agreement”) between the Issuer and 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (as “Obligor”, which expression includes any successor). 
The Securities of a Series may comprise one or more Tranches (as defined in Condition 1(d) (Fungible 
Tranches of Securities comprising a Series) below).  Each Tranche will be subject to the applicable 
Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (each an “Issuance Document”) which will supplement 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purpose of that Tranche. 
Statements in the Conditions are subject to the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the other 
Transaction Documents.  Copies of the Principal Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, any 
Supplementary Security Document (as defined in Condition 4 (Security) below), the Issuance 
Document, the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement are available for inspection at the 
specified offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the registered office of the Issuer as specified in the 
Issuance Document (save that, if the Securities are not admitted to the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext 
Dublin) or the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (MTF), the Issuance Document shall be 
available for inspection only by a Securityholder holding one or more Securities of the relevant Series 
upon production by such Securityholder of evidence satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent as to

--- Page 71 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
71 
 
its identity) and may be provided, by the Issuing and Paying Agent, by email to a Securityholder 
requesting copies of such documents, subject to the Issuing and Paying Agent being supplied by the 
Issuer with copies of such documents. 
The Securityholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Deed, any Supplementary Security Document and the Issuance Document 
and to have notice of those provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement and any other 
Transaction Document applicable to them. 
In relation to the Securities, the Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Expenses Agreement the Custody Agreement, the Issuance Document, the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed, any Security Document, any Related Agreement (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Related 
Agreements)), the Securities of such Series and any other document(s) specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document or entered into in connection with such Series shall together be referred to as the 
“Transaction Documents”. 
Any reference in these Conditions to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in 
the Issuance Document. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement or 
used in the Issuance Document shall have the same meaning where used in these Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  In the event of inconsistency between documents, 
the following order shall determine which shall prevail: (a) first, the relevant Issuance Document, 
(b) second, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, (c) third, these Conditions, (d) fourth, the Principal 
Trust Deed, (e) fifth, the Agency Agreement, and (f) sixth, the Custody Agreement. 
(1) 
Form, Denomination, Type and Title 
(a) 
Form, Denomination and Type 
The Issuance Document will specify whether the Securities are Notes or Certificates. Notes will 
be issued in an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount and in the Specified 
Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Issuance Document. Certificates will be issued in 
the Number of Units and with the Specified Unit Value specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document. 
The Securities of the Series of which this Security forms a part (in these Conditions, the 
“Securities”) will be issued either (i) in bearer form (“Bearer Securities”), serially numbered 
in an Authorised Denomination (in the case of Notes) or an Authorised Unit Value (in the case 
of Certificates) to the extent it has been determined that such Bearer Securities can be classified 
as being in registered form, or are not registration required obligations, for U.S. Federal Income 
tax purposes, or (ii) in registered form (“Registered Securities”) in an Authorised 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) or an Authorised Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) 
or an integral multiple thereof. 
The Bearer Securities will initially be represented by a temporary global security (the 
“Temporary Global Security”), interests in which will be exchangeable for, as specified in 
the applicable Issuance Document, interests in a permanent global security (the “Permanent 
Global Security” and, together with the Temporary Global Security, the “Bearer Global 
Securities” and each a “Bearer Global Security”), Bearer Securities in definitive 
form (“Definitive Securities”), Registered Securities in certificated definitive form (each a 
“Registered Security Certificate”, which will be issued to each Securityholder in respect of 
its registered holding) or a combination of Definitive Securities and Registered Securities.  The 
Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable for Definitive Securities only on the limited

--- Page 72 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
72 
 
exchange events set out therein.  Each Bearer Global Security will be deposited with the 
common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The Registered Securities will be represented on issue by Registered Security Certificates or a 
registered global security (the “Registered Global Security” and, together with the Bearer 
Global Securities, the “Global Securities”), as specified in the applicable Issuance Document.  
The Registered Global Security will be exchangeable for Registered Security Certificates only 
on the limited exchange events set out therein.  The Registered Global Security will be 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, the Common Depositary. 
Each subscriber shall be credited in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg with 
a number of Securities equal to the number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system as the holder of a Security represented by a Global Security must look solely 
to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his 
share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of the Global Security and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Security, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing 
system (as the case may be).  Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due on the Securities for so long as the Securities are represented by such 
Global Security and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder 
of the Global Security in respect of each amount so paid. 
“Authorised Denomination” means, with respect to Notes, the currency and denomination or 
denominations specified in the Issuance Document.   
“Authorised Unit Value” means, with respect to Certificates, the value of each unit as 
specified in the Issuance Document. 
References herein to “Securities” shall include Bearer Securities and Registered Securities. 
Bearer Securities of one Authorised Denomination (in the case of Notes) or of one Authorised 
Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities of another 
Authorised Denomination (in the case of Notes) or of another Authorised Unit Value (in the 
case of Certificates). 
Interest bearing Bearer Securities in definitive form are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached.  In the case of Zero Coupon Securities, references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date or, where specified for a Series of 
Certificates, the Expiration Date or other date for redemption), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  After all the Coupons attached to, or issued in respect of, any 
Bearer Security which was issued with a Talon have matured, if applicable, a coupon sheet 
comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons which would be void) and one further Talon, 
will be issued against presentation of the relevant Talon at the specified office of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent specified in the Issuance Document.  Any Bearer 
Security in definitive form the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments may be 
issued with one or more Receipts attached thereto.  “Maturity Date” and “Expiration Date” 
mean the date specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the final date on which the 
principal amount of the Security is due and payable. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Securities and Registered Securities 
Title to Bearer Securities, Coupons, Receipts (if any) passes by delivery.  Title to Registered 
Securities passes by registration in the register (the “Register”) which the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar.

--- Page 73 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
73 
 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
subject as provided below, “Securityholder” and (in relation to a Security, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon) “holder” and “Holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Security, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon (as the case may be) or the person in whose name a 
Registered Security is registered, as the case may be.  The expressions 
“Securityholder”, “holder” and “Holder” include the holders of instalment receipts 
(the “Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) 
attached to such Securities (the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the coupons (the 
“Coupons”) (if any) appertaining to interest bearing Securities in bearer form (the 
“Couponholders”), which expression includes the holders of talons (the “Talons”) (if 
any) for further coupons attached to such Securities (the “Talonholders”); and 
(ii) 
references to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of the relevant Series 
and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a Global Security, units of each 
Authorised Denomination (in the case of Notes) or Authorised Unit Value (in 
the case of Certificates) in the specified currency; 
(b) 
any Global Security; 
(c) 
any Definitive Securities issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Security; and 
(d) 
any Registered Security Certificates (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Registered Global Security). 
(c) 
Entitlement to treat holder as absolute owner 
The holder of any Security, Coupon, Receipt or Talon will (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Bearer Security 
or Registered Security Certificate, or its theft or loss or any express or constructive notice of 
any claim by any other person of any interest therein other than, in the case of a Registered 
Security, a duly executed transfer of such Security in the form endorsed on the Registered 
Security Certificate in respect thereof) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
Fungible Tranches of Securities comprising a Series 
A Series may comprise a number of tranches (each a “Tranche”), which will be issued on 
identical terms save for the Issue Date and, as the case may be, the first interest payment.  
Securities of different Tranches of the same Series will be consolidated with each other and 
form a single Series, except as set forth in the relevant Issuance Document.  If a further Tranche 
(a “Further Tranche”) is issued in respect of a Series under which a Tranche or Tranches of 
Securities have already been issued (an “Original Tranche” or “Original Tranches”), the pool 
of assets (the “Further Underlying Assets”) relating to such Further Tranche will be 
consolidated with or otherwise equivalent to the Underlying Assets (as defined in Condition 4 
(Security)) for the Original Tranche or Original Tranches and the Related Agreement (as 
defined in Condition 3(e) (Related Agreements) below) for the Original Tranche or Original 
Tranches will be amended to apply to both the Original Tranche or Original Tranches and such 
Further Tranche.  It is not a requirement that any Tranche be fungible with any other Tranche 
of the same Series for any legal, tax or other purpose.

--- Page 74 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
74 
 
(2) 
Exchanges of Bearer Securities for Registered Securities and Transfers of Registered 
Securities 
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Securities 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e) (Closed periods) but only if so specified in the Issuance 
Document, Bearer Securities may be exchanged, at the expense of the transferor Securityholder, 
for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Securities at the written request of the 
relevant Securityholder and upon surrender of the Bearer Security to be exchanged together 
with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons relating to it (if any) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Paying Agent.  Where, however, a Bearer Security is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 10(b) (Registered Securities)) for any 
payment of interest or Interest Amount (as defined in Condition 24 (General Definitions)), the 
Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Interest Amount need not be surrendered with 
it. 
Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject to Condition 2(e) (Closed periods), a Registered Security may be transferred upon the 
surrender of the relevant Registered Security Certificate, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar provided, 
however, that any such Registered Security may not be transferred unless the principal amount 
of Registered Securities proposed to be transferred and the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Securities proposed to be retained by the relevant transferor is each in an Authorised 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) or an Authorised Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) 
or a multiple thereof.  In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities 
represented by a Registered Security Certificate, a new Registered Security Certificate in 
respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Registered Security Certificates 
Each new Registered Security Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Bearer Securities or 
transfer of Registered Securities will, within three (3) business days (in the place of the 
specified office of the Registrar) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be 
available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar stipulated in the request for 
exchange or form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the Securityholder entitled to the 
Registered Security Certificate to such address as may be specified in such request or form of 
transfer.  For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the 
Registrar after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Securities 
shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the business day following 
the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the expense of Transferor Securityholder 
Registration of Securities on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the 
transferor Securityholder by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, and upon payment of 
(or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No transfer of a Registered Security to be registered, or a Bearer Security to be exchanged for 
a Registered Security may occur during the period of fifteen (15) days ending on the due date

--- Page 75 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
75 
 
for any payment of principal, interest or Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as 
applicable and both as defined below) on that Security. 
(3) 
Status and Instructing Creditor 
(a) 
Status 
(i) 
The Securities, Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) are limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer, recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 14 (Limited Recourse).  The Securities may be secured or unsecured (as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document) and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
(ii) 
The Secured Securities of each Secured Series (other than Secured Series Custodian 
Securities) will be secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and secured in the manner described in 
Condition 4 (Security). 
(iii) 
The Unsecured Securities of each Unsecured Series (other than the Unsecured Series 
Custodian Securities) will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves, will not be secured and will have the 
rights described in Condition 5 (Unsecured Series Property).  Recourse in respect of 
any Unsecured Series will be limited to the Unsecured Series Property in respect of 
that Unsecured Series. 
(b) 
Custodian Securities 
(i) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer will repurchase the number of Securities stated in the 
Issuance Document from the Dealer at their issue price.  The Securities so repurchased 
by the Issuer (the “Custodian Securities”) will be held by the Series Custodian on 
behalf of the Issuer on or about the date in which they are repurchased.  Custodian 
Securities carry no voting rights, do not bear interest and no amount of interest or 
principal is payable thereon and are not secured by any property. 
(ii) 
Custodian Securities in respect of Secured Securities are referred to as “Secured Series 
Custodian Securities”.  Custodian Securities in respect of Unsecured Securities are 
referred to as “Unsecured Series Custodian Securities”. 
(c) 
Conditions Precedent to sale of Securities after the Issue Date 
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a Series the Issuer may sell, via the Dealer, to 
existing or new Securityholders further Securities in such Series on an Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date (by transferring Custodian Securities which upon transfer will become 
Securities with all the rights that the other Securities have), subject to the following conditions 
and provided that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Series, the further Securities sold to existing or new Securityholders 
shall only be Notes, and in the case of a Series of Certificates, the further Securities 
sold to existing or new Securityholders shall only be Certificates;  
(ii) 
the proceeds of sale of such Custodian Securities are applied to purchase Underlying 
Assets (“Further Underlying Assets”) which are fungible with the Underlying Assets 
purchased by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Series and/or in deliveries or 
payments of amounts under the Swap Agreement;

--- Page 76 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
76 
 
(iii) 
any corresponding payments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Swap being made in 
connection with Condition 3(c)(i); 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the Issuer is expected on the next Underlying 
Asset Subscription Date to have a sufficient number of Custodian Securities available 
for purchase to meet each individual Securityholders request; 
(v) 
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have been satisfied; and 
(vi) 
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to or greater than the US$ equivalent (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 (or such other greater amount 
as may be agreed between the Calculation Agent and the Dealer). 
On a Business Day on which the Dealer has requested the sale of Custodian Securities, the 
Issuer will direct the Series Custodian to sell to the Dealer for on-sale to the existing or new 
Securityholders and the Dealer will agree to purchase on the following Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date such number of Custodian Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion may determine considering the purchase price of the Further Underlying Assets and 
the Custodian Security Price, and the Dealer will pay to the Series Custodian no later than 2pm 
on the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to such Underlying Asset Subscription Date an 
amount equal to the aggregate Requested Fungible Notional and the Series Custodian will remit 
such amount promptly to the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty, if applicable, on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
The Custodian Securities being sold will be sold to the Dealer at the Custodian Security Price 
as of the relevant Underlying Asset Subscription Date and will cease to be Custodian Securities 
as of such date. 
If the product of the total number of Custodian Securities sold to the Dealer as of any 
Underlying Asset Subscription Date, and Custodian Security Price as of the relevant 
Underlying Asset Subscription Date is less than an amount in the equivalent currency of the 
aggregate Requested Fungible Notional (such difference, a “Balancing Amount”), then any 
Balancing Amount due to the Dealer on behalf of the Securityholders shall be retained by the 
Issuer. 
In this Condition 3(c), the following terms have the meanings given below: 
“Custodian Security Price” means, on any date on which such price is to be determined, an 
amount per Security equal to the price of the Underlying Assets held by the Issuer in respect of 
such Series, referenced by the Swap, as the case may be. 
“Requested Fungible Notional” means, in relation to an Underlying Asset Subscription Date, 
the aggregate value of the Securities which the Dealer wishes to purchase per Securityholder 
on an Underlying Asset Subscription Date. 
“Subscription Conditions Precedent” means the conditions precedent to the issue of the 
Securities and purchase of Custodian Securities on an Underlying Asset Subscription Date as 
set out in the Dealer Agreement. 
“Underlying Asset Subscription Date” means in relation to a request for sale of further 
Securities to the Dealer, the second Business Day following the date on which such request has 
been received by the Issuer.

--- Page 77 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
77 
 
(d) 
Instructing Creditor 
In respect of any Series, the “Instructing Creditor” shall be the Securityholders whereby any 
instruction to the Series Trustee to take the relevant action is by either (i) a request in writing 
of the holders of at least one fifth in principal amount of the Securities of such Series then 
outstanding or (ii) by means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Securityholders. 
Having received such a request from the Instructing Creditor, the Series Trustee shall be entitled 
to act in accordance with such request and shall not be obliged to consider the interests of any 
other creditors. 
The Security (as defined in Condition 4 (Security)) will become enforceable upon the Series 
Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice (as defined in Condition (12) (Events of Default)) to the 
Issuer in respect of that Series subsequent to the occurrence of an Event of Default or as 
otherwise provided in the Trust Deed. 
The Series Trustee shall not be bound to give any Enforcement Notice in respect of any Series, 
to enforce payment of any amount due and payable under or pursuant to the Securities of any 
Series or otherwise to take any steps or institute any proceedings against the Issuer or any other 
party to the Transaction Documents or to instruct the Security Trustee to take such steps or 
proceedings, to enforce the Security or to take any other action under the Transaction 
Documents unless it shall have been so requested by the Instructing Creditor in relation to such 
Series and has been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Series Trustee will act only at and in accordance with the directions of the Instructing 
Creditor in respect of such Series, and shall not incur any Liability in so doing.  The Security 
Trustee will not, and will not be bound to, take any steps, institute any proceedings, exercise 
any of its rights, authorities or discretions and/or take any other action under or in connection 
with any of the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, enforcing the Security) 
unless (i) it has been directed to do so by the Series Trustee or, if there are no Securities 
outstanding, any other Secured Creditor (each, an “Instructing Party”) and (ii) it has been 
secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(e) 
Related Agreements 
In connection with the issue of the Securities of any Series, the Issuer will, if so specified in the 
Issuance Document, enter into a swap agreement, swap transaction or other hedging agreement 
or option agreement or any letter of credit, guarantee or other credit support or credit 
enhancement document or other financial arrangement (each a “Related Agreement”) with 
one or more counterparties (each a “Counterparty”). 
(4) 
Security 
If it is stated in the Issuance Document that the Securities are Secured Securities then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will provide that the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Securities, Coupons and Receipts (if any) of a Series 
appertaining thereto to the Series Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Secured 
Securityholders and to the Security Trustee, the Agents, the Dealer, the Arranger, the Swap 
Counterparty, and each other entity to whom Secured Obligations are owed by the Issuer as 
specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed (collectively, the “Secured Creditors”) are secured 
by security interests (governed by English law and/or the law of any other specified relevant 
jurisdiction) over certain Underlying Assets as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed (the “Underlying Assets” which expression shall include any substitute Underlying 
Assets and exclude any replaced Underlying Assets pursuant to a substitution in accordance 
with Condition 6(d) (Substitution of Underlying Assets) (if applicable)), any relevant Related

--- Page 78 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
78 
 
Agreement, the Issuer’s rights in and to the Custody Account and Cash Account, and such other 
assets as are specified in the Issuance Document or the Supplemental Trust Deed on which the 
Securities of a Series are secured (the “Mortgaged Property”). 
The security created by the Supplemental Trust Deed may be supplemented by such further 
security documents (each a “Supplementary Security Document” and, together with the 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the “Security Documents”) as may, from time to time, be required 
in respect of each Series and as specified in the Issuance Document (the security interests 
created under the Security Documents together, the “Security”). 
Cash amounts generated by the Mortgaged Property will be utilised by the Issuer in making 
payments due in respect of the Secured Securities (other than Secured Series Custodian 
Securities). 
(5) 
Unsecured Series Property 
If it is stated in the Issuance Document that the Securities are Unsecured Securities then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will provide that the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Series Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Unsecured 
Securityholders are not secured and instead the Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Securities) of an Unsecured Series will have recourse for their payment to 
inter alia the contractual rights of the Issuer in respect of the Unsecured Series Property (as 
defined in the relevant Issuance Document). 
Cash flows generated by the Unsecured Series Property will be utilised by the Issuer in making 
payments due in respect of the Unsecured Securities (other than the Unsecured Series Custodian 
Securities) though no security will be taken over any such Unsecured Series Property. 
(6) 
Realisation of the Underlying Assets upon enforcement or Underlying Disposal Event 
(a) 
Subject to the Issuance Document in respect of a Series, in the event of: 
(i) 
in the case of Secured Securities, the security created by the Security Documents 
becoming enforceable as provided in Condition 12 (Events of Default), the Security 
Trustee shall have the right to enforce its rights under the Security Documents in 
relation to the relevant Mortgaged Property only acting on the instructions of the 
Instructing Party; or 
(ii) 
an Underlying Disposal Event (as defined in Condition 9(b) (Mandatory 
Redemption/Cash Settlement)), the Disposal Agent shall arrange for and administer the 
sale of the relevant Underlying Assets, 
but in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having 
regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any Secured 
Creditor or Securityholder, provided that the Security Trustee shall not be required to take any 
action that would involve the Security Trustee in any liability or expense unless instructed by 
the Instructing Party and previously indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the Issuance Document 
in respect of the relevant Series, all monies received by the Security Trustee on an enforcement 
of the Security (in respect of a Series of Secured Securities) or by the Series Trustee upon 
realisation of the Unsecured Series Property (in respect of the Unsecured Securities), or

--- Page 79 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
79 
 
otherwise received by the Security Trustee or the Series Trustee in respect of a Series shall be 
held on trust for the benefit of the Securityholders, the Series Trustee itself, the Security Trustee 
itself and/or the other Secured Creditors (as applicable) to be applied in accordance with the 
following priority of payments: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities, and 
any other amounts (including by way of indemnity or reimbursement), incurred by the 
Series Trustee and/or any Series Trustee Appointee and, in the case of the Secured 
Securities, the Security Trustee, any receiver and/or any other Security Trustee 
Appointee in relation to the relevant Series in preparing and executing the trusts under 
the Trust Deed in relation to the Securities and in carrying out their functions under the 
Trust Deed including any taxes required to be paid, the Series Trustee’s and/or the 
Security Trustee’s remuneration and (solely in the case of Secured Securities) the costs 
of realising any security to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement; 
(ii) 
secondly, pro rata to the respective amounts then due, to pay the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities, and any other amounts (including by way of indemnity or 
reimbursement), incurred by the Agents in carrying out their functions under the 
Agency Agreement and/or the Custody Agreement, in each case, to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement; 
(iii) 
thirdly: 
(a) 
if “Counterparty Priority” is specified in the Issuance Document: 
(i) 
first, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of each Swap Counterparty 
under the Related Agreement(s); 
(ii) 
secondly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of 
Securities, Coupons and Receipts.  If the monies received by the Series 
Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security Trustee are not enough to 
pay such amounts in full, the Series Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Security Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount 
due to each holder of Securities, Coupons and Receipts entitled to such 
payment; and 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(b) 
if “Securityholder Priority” is specified in the Issuance Document: 
(i) 
first, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Securities, 
Coupons and Receipts.  If the monies received by the Series Trustee 
or, as the case may be, the Security Trustee are not enough to pay such 
amounts in full, the Series Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security 
Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to 
each holder of Securities, Coupons and Receipts entitled to such 
payment; and 
(ii) 
secondly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of each Swap 
Counterparty under the relative Related Agreement(s); and 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(c) 
If “Other Priority” is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the 
Issuance Document relating to such Series, the Series Trustee or, as the case

--- Page 80 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
80 
 
may be, the Security Trustee shall apply all monies received by it under the 
provisions of the Principal Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed 
relating to such Series in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the 
Security constituted thereby, as set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the 
Issuance Document relating to such Series. 
(c) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds 
If the net proceeds of (i) in the case of Secured Securities, the Security being enforced and 
liquidated in accordance with the Security Documents or (ii) in the case of Unsecured 
Securities, the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property are not sufficient, after payment of 
the claims (if any) ranking in priority to the Securities, to cover all payments due in respect of 
the Securities, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be limited to such 
net proceeds and such net proceeds shall be applied in accordance with the Trust Deed and no 
other assets of the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the Securities.  
The right to receive any further payments in respect of any shortfall remaining after 
enforcement of the Security or liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property, as applicable, and 
application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be extinguished and 
failure to make any payment in respect of any shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default)). 
(d) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets 
If specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may from time to time, upon approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders to the Issuer or otherwise in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the relevant Issuance Document, substitute alternative assets for such 
of the Underlying Assets as the Issuer may deem appropriate.  Any such alternative assets will 
become Underlying Assets and will be subject to the security interests created in favour of the 
Series Trustee and/or Security Trustee (as applicable) as set out or contemplated in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed.  The Issuer (in the case of a Series admitted to listing on the Irish 
Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin), the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange 
(MTF) or such other stock exchange (as the case may be)) shall prepare such documents as may 
be required (if any) which shall be lodged with such stock exchange, setting out details of such 
substitution (including, without limitation, the alternative Underlying Assets) to the extent that 
such is required pursuant to the rules of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and, in 
any event, shall notify the Securityholders thereof (and other Secured Creditors) in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(7) 
Issuer restrictions 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, save to the extent 
permitted or contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the transaction documents in 
respect of the Issuer’s other programmes (“Alternative Programme Agreements”): 
(i) 
use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or dispose of, or 
otherwise deal with, any of its property or assets or any interest therein or grant any 
option or right to acquire the same or agree or attempt or purport to do any of the same; 
(ii) 
lend money; 
(iii) 
purchase, own lease or otherwise acquire any real or heritable property (including 
office premises or like facilities); 
(iv) 
(1) create or permit to exist upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance whether fixed, floating or otherwise, upon the whole or any part of its

--- Page 81 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
81 
 
property or assets, present and future other than in any case as may arise by operation 
of law or (2) sign, file or register under applicable law any mortgage, debenture or the 
like which names the Issuer as debtor, or sign or enter into any security agreement 
authorising any secured party thereunder to file or register such mortgage, debenture 
or the like, except, in relation to (1) and (2) above in the case of the Secured Securities, 
any such instrument solely securing the rights and preserving the security of the 
Security Trustee on behalf of the secured creditors; 
(v) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or 
person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to 
satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(vi) 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person or convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any person; 
(vii) 
have, form or cause to be formed any subsidiary or have any employees or premises; 
(viii) 
issue any further shares in the Issuer, or issue any warrants or options in respect of 
shares in the Issuer, of securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares in the 
Issuer; 
(ix) 
issue any Securities in respect of which the recourse of the Securityholders is not 
limited to Series property (as defined in the relevant Conditions and Issuance 
Document); 
(x) 
declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other 
series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make any other distribution to the 
holders of any of its shares; 
(xi) 
open, operate or have an interest in any bank account relating to the Securities, save as 
may be contemplated by the Transaction Documents; 
(xii) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of any of the Transaction Documents, or, in the case 
of Secured Securities, the priority of the security interests created thereby, to be 
amended, terminated or discharged, or consent to any variation of, or exercise of any 
powers of consent or waiver pursuant to the terms of, the Trust Deed, these Conditions 
or any of the other Transaction Documents, or permit any party to any of the 
Transaction Documents or, in the case of Secured Securities, any other person whose 
obligations form part of the Security to be released from such obligations, or, in the 
case of Secured Securities, dispose of any interest in any of the Security; 
(xiii) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents; or 
(xiv) 
engage in any activity that could cause it to become subject to any tax on its income in 
any jurisdiction, other than at a rate of 0% (other than U.S. withholding tax on its 
income to the extent the cost of such tax is borne by the holders of Securities pursuant 
to so-called Double Withholding (as defined below), if such Double Withholding is 
indicated as applicable at issuance in the Issuance Document). 
Where a Security (a “Section 871(m) Security”) is subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m), except with respect to Alphabeta while it is a QDD, the Issuer will 
typically also be subject to an additional 30% withholding tax on the income it earns 
on the assets that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure under the Section 871(m) 
Security.  To offset the potential cost of such withholding, the Issuer will assess an 
additional 30% charge against gross amounts of dividend equivalent payments made

--- Page 82 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
82 
 
on such Section 871(m) Securities.  This 30% charge is referred to herein as “Double 
Withholding” and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed under 
Section 871(m) itself.  The amount of income that will be withheld under 
section 871(m) will be computed without regard to any double withholding.  Further, 
for simplicity, Double Withholding will be computed as 30% of the dividend 
equivalent payments made on a Section 871(m) Security without any attempt to 
determine the specific amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s assets attributable to 
the hedging of any particular Section 871(m) Security.  Thus, the total amount that is 
effectively withheld will be 60% of any dividend equivalents payments.  The Double 
Withholding likely will (and a portion of the withholding under Section 871(m) may) 
be treated as an adjustment to the amount payable on the Security and not as a 
withholding tax for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes, such as determining the amount 
of any foreign tax credit. 
In giving any consent to the foregoing in respect of Securities, the Series Trustee may require 
the Issuer to make such modifications or additions to the provisions of any of the Transaction 
Documents (and may itself consent thereto on behalf of the Securityholders) or may impose 
such other conditions or requirements as the Series Trustee may deem expedient (in its absolute 
discretion) in the interests of the Securityholders and may rely on any written confirmation 
from the Issuer as to the matters contained therein.  Any modification or additions to the 
provisions of any of the Transaction Documents shall be binding on the Securityholders of such 
Series. 
The Series Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the 
Issuer in relation to any matter relating to such restrictions and to accept without liability 
any such certificate as sufficient evidence of the relevant fact or matter in question. 
(8) 
Calculation of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount/Cash Settlement Amount and 
provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities 
The Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, 
in respect of the Securities shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 8 (Calculation 
of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount/Cash Settlement Amount and provisions relating 
to Equity-Linked Securities), as further specified in the applicable Issuance Document.  Such 
amounts are intended to reflect the proceeds of the Underlying Assets and/or arising from the 
Swap Agreement, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Series of Securities and are subject 
to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse). 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
This Condition 8(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) is applicable only if the Issuance 
Document specifies the Securities as “Fixed Rate Securities”. 
Each Fixed Rate Security bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as otherwise specified in 
the Issuance Document) from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the Fixed 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrears (unless otherwise specified in the Issuance 
Document) on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 24 (General Definitions)). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Issuance Document, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified, and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Issuance 
Document. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention

--- Page 83 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
83 
 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the Issuance Document is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified in the Issuance 
Document is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
(iii) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(iv) 
the “FRN Convention”, the “Floating Rate Convention” or the “Eurodollar 
Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of 
months specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Specified Period (as defined 
in the relevant Issuance Document) after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; or 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” or “Unadjusted” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted 
in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
(c) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Securities 
This Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Securities) is applicable only if the Issuance 
Document specifies the Securities as “Floating Rate Securities”. 
(i) 
(Interest) 
Each Floating Rate Security bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as otherwise 
specified in the Issuance Document) from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Interest Rate (as determined in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Interest 
Rate on Floating Rate Securities)) (unless otherwise specified in the Issuance 
Document) on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 24 (General 
Definitions)). 
(ii) 
(Screen Rate Determination)

--- Page 84 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
84 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions specific to SOFR as 
Reference Rate), Condition 8(c)(v) (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuation or Prohibition on Use), 
where such provisions are specified to apply in the Issuance Document, Condition 8(e) 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 8(f) (General Fallback 
Arrangements), if “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the Issuance 
Document as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Securities for each Interest Period or any relevant day 
(each a “Relevant Day”) will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in the Issuance Document) the Margin (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issuance Document in relation to such Screen Rate) 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issuance Document in relation to such Screen Rate). 
The “Screen Rate” applicable to the Securities for an Interest Period or a Relevant Day 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Page displays a rate which is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one (1) entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant 
Rate which appears on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Rates which appear on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on the Page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two (2) such rates appear on the Page or if, in 
either case, the Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Relevant Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant 
Day to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if fewer than two (2) such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Relevant Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by three (3) 
major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency, 
selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Relevant Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period or for a Relevant Day 
and in the Representative Amount; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean 
in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period or 
Relevant Day, the Interest Rate applicable to the Securities during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the

--- Page 85 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
85 
 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Securities in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period or Relevant Day. 
(iii) 
(ISDA Determination) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions specific to SOFR as 
Reference Rate), Condition 8(c)(v) (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuation or Prohibition on Use), 
where such provisions are specified to apply in the Issuance Document, Condition 8(e) 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 8(f) (General Fallback 
Arrangements), if “ISDA Determination” is specified in the Issuance Document as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate(s) 
applicable to the Securities for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction as if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Issuance Document; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the Specified Duration; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (1) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is 
based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first 
day of that Interest Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the Issuance 
Document. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Securities) “Floating 
Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to them in the ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as of the first date of issue of Securities 
of the relevant Series. 
(iv) 
(Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SOFR 
is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the SOFR Accrued Interest 
Compounding Factor plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issuance 
Document) the Margin (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document), 
subject to a minimum of 0%. 
(B) 
With respect to any Interest Period, the “SOFR Accrued Interest 
Compounding Factor” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment computed in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜X𝑛௜
360
൰െ1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏𝑥360
𝑑

--- Page 86 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
86 
 
where: 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
“SOFRi”, for any day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means a reference 
rate equal to SOFR in respect of that day. 
“ni” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period on 
which the rate is SOFRi. 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
For these calculations, the interest rate in effect on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day will be the applicable rate as reset on that date.  The 
interest rate applicable to any other day is the interest rate from the immediately 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
For the purposes of calculating SOFR with respect to the final Interest Period, 
the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or the redemption date, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by the New 
York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified 
in paragraph (1), unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions of Condition 8(e)(8) 
below will apply. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

--- Page 87 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
87 
 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
source. 
(v) 
(Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate) 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SONIA 
is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SONIA Benchmark plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issuance Document) the Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document), subject to a minimum of 0%. 
(B) 
The “SONIA Benchmark” will be determined based on either SONIA 
Compound with Lookback or SONIA Compound with Observation Period 
Shift, as follows: 
(1) if SONIA Compound with Lookback (“SONIA Compound with 
Lookback”) is specified as applicable in the relevant Issuance Document, the 
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period, compounded 
daily in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
ቌෑ൬1 ൅
SONIA୧ି୮୐୆ୈ x 𝑛௜
365
൰െ1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
ቍ𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; “i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Lookback Days” means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Issuance Document; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each

--- Page 88 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
88 
 
case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling a 
number of London Banking Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of 
Lookback Days. 
(2) if SONIA Compound Observation Period Shift (“SONIA Compound 
Observation Period Shift”) is specified as applicable in the relevant Issuance 
Document, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the value of the SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Observation 
Period, compounded daily in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
ቌෑ൬1 ൅SONIA௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰െ1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
ቍ𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document; 
“Relevant Screen Page” or “Relevant Screen Pages” means the Bloomberg 
Page or the Reuters Screen (or both) specified as the Relevant Screen Page or 
the Relevant Screen Pages in the relevant Issuance Document;

--- Page 89 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
89 
 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each 
case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”. 
(vi) 
(Linear Interpolation) 
In respect of any Securities for which Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate 
Securities) is applicable, if “Linear Interpolation” is specified to be applicable in 
respect of any Interest Period, the Floating Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation 
by reference to: 
(A) 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Interest 
Rate is to be determined, two (2) rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer 
than the length of such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
if ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate is to be determined, two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of 
such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next 
longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
(d) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use: 
If (i) Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) does not apply and (ii) the 
applicable Issuance Document specifies that the provisions of this Condition 8(d) (Relevant 
Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable, then, notwithstanding 
the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark;  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates

--- Page 90 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
90 
 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark;  
(iii) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which 
is addressed in Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below), a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is no longer representative; or 
(iv) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, then the Calculation Agent 
may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each future Interest 
Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates benchmark 
determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Issuance 
Document for this purpose (an “Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate”), such Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the Issuance 
Document, the alternative reference rate, index or benchmark selected by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
(including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the 
applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice (the 
rate determined under sub-paragraph (A) above or this sub-paragraph (B), the 
“Alternative Rate”), 
then the Calculation Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments 
to the Alternative Rate or the Margin (which may include the addition of an adjustment spread, 
which may be positive or negative, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark with the Alternative Rate), as well as the applicable Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related 
provisions and definitions of the Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted 
market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine an 
alternative rate to be used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be the 
“Alternative Rate” for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments to the 
Margin (including any adjustment spread), the Business Day Convention, the Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions in 
respect of the Securities, in each case, that are consistent with accepted market practice for the 
use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), to 
Securityholders to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 8(d)(i) 
to 8(d)(iii) above, the Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations which will apply to 
the Securities.  The notice shall also confirm the effective date of the Alternative Rate and any 
adjustments. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 8(d), if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the selection of a particular index, benchmark or other price as an “Alternative Rate” (taking

--- Page 91 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
91 
 
into account any necessary adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this 
Condition 8(d)): 
(1) 
is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation;  
(2) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements; or  
(3) 
would result in the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent being 
considered to be administering a benchmark, index or other price source whose 
production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations 
which it is unwilling to undertake,  
the Calculation Agent shall not select such index, benchmark or price source as the Alternative 
Rate. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date.  If the Issuer so determines 
that the Securities shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five (5) Business 
Days’ notice to the Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer 
will pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to either: 
(A) 
If “Early Redemption/Cash Settlement Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) - Fair Market Value Less Costs” is specified in the Issuance 
Document, the fair market value of such Security, on such date as is selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than fifteen (15) days before the date fixed for redemption of the 
Security), less the proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost 
to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion; or 
(B) 
If “Early Redemption/Cash Settlement Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) - Fair Market Value” is specified in the Issuance Document, the fair 
market value of such Security, on such day as is selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more 
than fifteen (15) days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amount. 
(e) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: 
This Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) applies where the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement.  If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date (in the case of U.S. dollar LIBOR 
prior to the Reference Time), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Securities in respect of such determination 
on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 92 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
92 
 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations.  Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the Issuer’s or its 
designee’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Securities, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Securities or any other party. 
(f) 
General Fallback Arrangements 
Notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, and unless the applicable 
Issuance Document specifies that the provisions of Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) apply or unless Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) applies, 
(i) 
if the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar 
interbank rate and such Relevant Rates Benchmark has been permanently discontinued, 
or 
(ii) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which 
is addressed at Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) above), upon the 
occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative, 
the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for such Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each 
future Interest Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent 
with accepted market practice (the “Alternative Rate”).  The Calculation Agent will, after 
consultation with the Issuer, make such adjustments to the Alternative Rate or the Margin, as 
well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related 
provisions and definitions of the Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted 
market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities.  
However, in the case of EURIBOR only, if the Calculation Agent determines, after consultation 
with the Issuer, that no such Alternative Rate exists on the relevant date, it shall make a 
determination, after consultation with the Issuer, of an alternative rate as a substitute for 
EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Securities, as well as the Margin, the Business Day 
Convention and the Interest Determination Dates in respect of the Securities, that is consistent 
with accepted market practice. 
(g) 
Interest on Equity-Linked Securities 
If the Issuance Document specifies that the interest payable will be Equity-Linked, the Interest 
Rate applicable to the Securities for each Interest Period and/or the applicable Interest Amount 
will be determined in the manner specified in the Issuance Document. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rates

--- Page 93 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
93 
 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Issuance Document, 
then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Securities 
The Interest Rate for any overdue principal in respect of a Zero Coupon Security shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the figure expressed to be the amortisation yield 
(the “Amortisation Yield”) shown on the face of the Security or in the Issuance Document (as 
well after as before judgment) up to the Relevant Date. 
(j) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Security on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer, or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) (acting on behalf of the Issuer), in which event interest 
will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner 
provided in this Condition 8 (Calculation of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount/Cash 
Settlement Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities) to the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 9(d) (Early Redemption/Cash Settlement of Zero Coupon Securities)). 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); 
and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Japanese yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen.  For these purposes, “unit” means, 
with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means 0.01 euro. 
(l) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Security for each Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the 
Principal Amount outstanding of such Security during that Interest Period by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Issuance 
Document, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Security for such 
Interest Period will equal such Interest Amount. 
(m) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts/Cash 
Settlement Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption 
Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) or Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or 
make any determination or calculation, the Calculation Agent will (A) determine the Interest

--- Page 94 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
94 
 
Rate and calculate the amount of interest payable (the “Interest Amounts”) in respect of each 
Authorised Denomination (in the case of Notes) or Authorised Unit Value (in the case of 
Certificates) for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount (as applicable) or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and (B) cause the Interest Rate and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) or any 
Instalment Amount to be notified to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Series Trustee, the Issuer, 
the Securityholders and, if the Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
stock exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) (in case of notification to such stock exchange) the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  
The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the Securities become due 
and payable under Condition 10 (Payments), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of the Securities shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made unless otherwise required by the Series Trustee.  The determination 
of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as 
applicable) and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(n) 
Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities 
This Condition 8(n) (Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities) is applicable only in 
relation to Securities specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Share Securities, 
Share Basket Securities, Single Index Securities or Index Basket Securities and where “Equity-
Linked Interest” and/or “Equity-Linked Redemption” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
Issuance Document. 
(i) 
Valuation, Market Disruption and Averaging Dates: 
(A) 
If any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable) 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Single Index Security or Single Share Security, the 
Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight (8) Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled 
Observation Date or Scheduled Determination Date (as applicable) is 
a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (1) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable), notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(I) 
in respect of a Single Index Security, the level of the Index as 
of the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted

--- Page 95 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
95 
 
price as of the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security or other property comprised in 
the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Determination Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day); and 
(II) 
in respect of a Single Share Security, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the Underlying Share as of the Determination 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; 
(b) 
in the case of an Index Basket Security, the Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable) for each Index 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled 
Determination Date (as applicable), and for each Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Index, unless 
each of the eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date or 
Scheduled Determination Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Index.  In that case, (1) that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable) for the relevant Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
the level of that Index as of the Determination Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant security as of the Determination Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); and 
(c) 
in the case of a Share Basket Security, the Valuation Date, Observation 
Date or Determination Date (as applicable) for each Underlying Share 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled 
Determination Date (as applicable), and for each Underlying Share 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Underlying Share, unless each of the eight (8) Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date, 
Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled Determination Date (as 
applicable) is a Disrupted Day relating to that Underlying Share.  In 
that case, (1) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date for the relevant Underlying Share, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, its good faith 
estimate of the value for that Underlying Share as of the Determination 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 96 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
96 
 
(B) 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Scheduled Determination Date” means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Determination Date; 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disruption Day would have been an 
Observation Date; and 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date. 
(C) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the Issuance Document as being applicable, 
then, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, the following 
provisions will apply to the valuation of the relevant Index, Underlying Share, 
Basket of Indices or Basket of Shares in relation to a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of each Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable), each date 
specified or otherwise determined as provided in the Issuance 
Document (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
(b) 
For purposes of determining the Settlement Price in relation to a 
Valuation Date, the Settlement Price will be: 
(I) 
in respect of a Single Index Security or a Single Share 
Security, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the 
Index or the Underlying Shares (as the case may be) on each 
Averaging Date; 
(II) 
in respect of an Index Basket Security, the arithmetic mean of 
the amounts for the Basket of Indices determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
provided in the Issuance Document as of the relevant 
Determination Time(s) on each Averaging Date or, if no 
means for determining the Settlement Price are so provided, 
the arithmetic mean of the amounts for the Basket calculated 
on each Averaging Date as the sum of the Relevant Prices of 
each Index comprised in the Basket (weighted or adjusted in 
relation to each Index as provided in the Issuance Document); 
and 
(III) 
in respect of a Share Basket Security, the arithmetic mean of 
the amounts for the Basket of Shares determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
provided in the Issuance Document as of the relevant 
Determination Time(s) on each Averaging Date or, if no 
means for determining the Settlement Price is so provided, the 
arithmetic mean of the amounts for the Basket calculated on 
each Averaging Date as the sum of the values calculated for 
the Underlying Shares of each Underlying Issuer as the 
product of (1) the Relevant Price of such Underlying Share

--- Page 97 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
97 
 
and (2) the number of such Underlying Shares comprised in 
the Basket. 
(c) 
If an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then if, in relation to 
“Averaging Date Disruption”, the consequence specified in the 
Issuance Document is: 
(I) 
“Omission”, then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to 
be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur 
with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, Observation Date 
or 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
applicable), 
then 
Condition 8(n)(i)(A) will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date 
in respect of that Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable) as if such final Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable) that was a Disrupted Day; 
(II) 
“Postponement”, then Condition 8(n)(i)(A) will apply for the 
purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on 
that Averaging Date, Observation Date or Determination Date 
(as applicable) as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date 
would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the relevant Securities; or 
(III) 
“Modified Postponement”, then: 
(1) 
in the case of a Single Index Security or a Single Share 
Security, the Averaging Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date.  If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Determination Time 
on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date in relation to the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled 
Observation Date or Scheduled Determination Date 
(as applicable), then (A) that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with (x) in the case 
of a Single Index Security, Condition 8(n)(i)(A)(a)(I) 
and (y) in the case of a Single Share Security, 
Condition 8(n)(i)(A)(a)(II); 
(2) 
in the case of an Index Basket Security or a Share 
Basket Security, the Averaging Date for each Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) not affected by

--- Page 98 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
98 
 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date 
specified in the Issuance Document as an Averaging 
Date in relation to the relevant Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable), and the Averaging Date for an Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be).  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) has not 
occurred as of the Determination Time on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date in relation to the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation 
Date 
or 
Scheduled 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
applicable), then (A) that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in relation 
to such Index or Underlying Share (as the case may 
be), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, the relevant level or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
(x) in the case of an Index Basket Security, Condition 
8(n)(i)(A)(b) and (y) in the case of a Share Basket 
Security, Condition 8(n)(i)(A)(c); and 
(3) 
“Valid Date” shall mean a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Valuation 
Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable) does not, or is not deemed to, occur. 
(d) 
If any Averaging Dates in relation to a Valuation Date occur after that 
Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then 
(i) the relevant Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or 
(ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, an Index Adjustment 
Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or an Additional Disruption Event 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the last 
such Averaging Date as though it were that Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
Adjustments to Indices: 
This Condition 8(n)(ii) (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to 
Securities specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Index Securities or Index 
Basket Securities. 
(A) 
Successor Index: 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion or (b) replaced by a

--- Page 99 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
99 
 
Successor Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (such 
determination to be at the Calculation Agent’s sole and absolute discretion), 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the 
“Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(B) 
Index Adjustment Events: 
If (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination 
Date (as applicable), or any Averaging Date, a relevant Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain 
that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation 
and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels 
the Index and no Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”) or (ii) on 
any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable), 
or any Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an “Index Disruption” and together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), 
then (A) in the case of an Index Modification or an Index Disruption, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate in its sole and 
absolute discretion the relevant Settlement Price or Relevant Price (as 
applicable) using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that 
Index as at that Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable) or, as the case may be, that Averaging Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised 
that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event and (B) in the 
case of an Index Cancellation, the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) may, at any time thereafter and in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date.  If the 
Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) so determines that the Securities 
shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five (5) Business 
Days’ notice to the Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent), to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the 
Issuer will pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to the Redemption 
Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable).  Without prejudice to 
Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities 
shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount.  If the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the relevant Securities shall 
continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment as the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the 
formula for the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as 
applicable), the Settlement Price or the Relevant Price (as applicable) set out 
in the Issuance Document and any other variable relevant to the settlement or 
payment terms of the Securities, which change or adjustment shall be effective 
on such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine.  The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the 
Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
of any such adjustment). 
(C) 
Correction of Index Levels:

--- Page 100 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
100 
 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor and which is utilised 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination (the “Index 
Original Determination”) under the Securities is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the “Index Corrected Value”) is published by the Index 
Sponsor by such time as may be specified in the Issuance Document (or, if 
none is so specified, within one (1) Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable)), 
then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the Series Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of the Index Corrected Value as soon as reasonably 
practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the “Index Replacement 
Determination”) using the Index Corrected Value.  If the result of the Index 
Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Index Original 
Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary and practicable, 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly.  The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, notify the Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(D) 
Currency Inconvertibility: 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent, on its behalf) in good faith determines 
that a Currency Inconvertibility Event has occurred, the Issuer may at any time 
thereafter, in its sole discretion give notice to the holders stating whether the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Securities will be suspended or whether the 
Securities shall be redeemed (any election to suspend shall not preclude the 
Issuer at any time thereafter giving notice to redeem the Securities), all as more 
fully set out in Condition 18 (Notices).  If the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Securities the Issuer shall give not less than five (5) Business Days’ notice to 
the Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent) to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in 
respect of each Security, an amount equal to the Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount (as applicable).  Without prejudice to Condition 14 
(Limited Recourse), the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the 
relevant Securities shall continue following an election to suspend the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable), the Settlement Price or the Relevant 
Price (as applicable) set out in the Issuance Document and any other variable 
relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the Securities, which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, notify the Securityholders (copied to the Series 
Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
Upon the occurrence of any event that constitutes both a Currency 
Inconvertibility Event and a Market Disruption Event or an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, it will be deemed to be a Market Disruption Event or an event 
causing a Disrupted Day and will not constitute a Currency Inconvertibility 
Event. 
(iii) 
Adjustments affecting Underlying Shares:

--- Page 101 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
101 
 
This Condition 8(n)(iii) (Adjustments affecting Underlying Shares) is applicable only 
in relation to Single Share Securities and Share Basket Securities. 
(A) 
Adjustments for Potential Adjustment Events: 
Following the declaration by the Underlying Issuer of the terms of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Shares and, if so, will (i) make 
such adjustment as it in its sole and absolute discretion considers appropriate, 
if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 
(as applicable) and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Relevant Price set out in 
the Issuance Document, the number of Underlying Shares to which each 
Security relates, the number of Underlying Shares comprised in a Basket of 
Shares, the amount, the number of or type of shares or other securities which 
may be delivered in respect of such Securities and/or any other adjustment and, 
in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement, payment or other 
terms of the relevant Securities as the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, to be appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect and (ii) determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s).  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the Securityholders 
(copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such 
adjustment. 
(B) 
Correction of Underlying Share Prices: 
If any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by the Calculation 
Agent for any calculation or determination (the “Share Original 
Determination”) under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the “Share Corrected Value”) is published by the Exchange by 
such time as may be specified in the Issuance Document (or, if none is so 
specified, within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication and prior 
to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable)), then the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer, the Series Trustee, and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent of the Share Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value (the “Share Replacement Determination”) 
using the Share Corrected Value.  If the result of the Share Replacement 
Determination is different from the result of the Share Original Determination, 
to the extent that it determines to be necessary and practicable, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly.  The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the 
Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Events: 
This Condition 8(n)(iv) (Extraordinary Events) is applicable only in relation to 
Securities specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Share Securities or Share 
Basket Securities. 
(A) 
Merger Event or Tender Offer:

--- Page 102 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
102 
 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer, the 
Issuer will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether the 
relevant Securities shall continue or shall be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Securities shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Relevant Price set out in the 
Issuance Document, the number of Underlying Shares to which each 
Security relates, the number of Underlying Shares comprised in a 
Basket of Shares, the amount, the number of or type of shares or other 
securities which may be delivered under such Securities and, in any 
case, any other variable relevant to the settlement, or payment terms 
of the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment (including, 
without limitation, in relation to Share Basket Securities, the 
cancellation of terms applicable in respect of Underlying Shares 
affected by the relevant Merger Event or Tender Offer) which 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, notify the Securityholders 
(copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any 
such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five (5) Business Days’ notice to the Securityholders 
(copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to 
redeem the Securities and, without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse), the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of the Merger Event Settlement Amount 
(as defined below) (in the case of a Merger Event) or Tender Offer 
Settlement Amount (in the case of a Tender Offer). 
(d) 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a 
closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole discretion; 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Shares, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, any: (i) reclassification or change of such 
Underlying Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Underlying Shares outstanding to 
another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Issuer with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Underlying Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Underlying Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100%. of the

--- Page 103 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
103 
 
outstanding Underlying Shares of the Underlying Issuer that results in 
a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Underlying Shares (other than such Underlying Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Issuer or its subsidiaries or with or into another entity in which the 
Underlying Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such Underlying Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Underlying Shares (other than 
Underlying Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 
50%. of the outstanding Underlying Shares immediately following 
such event (a “Reverse Merger”), in each case if the Merger Date is 
on or before the final Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable). 
“Merger Event Settlement Amount” means in respect of each 
Security, an amount equal to the Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount (as applicable). 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of any Underlying Shares, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results 
in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10%. 
and less than 100%. of the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making 
of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Tender Offer Settlement Amount” means, in respect of each 
Security, an amount equal to the Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount (as applicable). 
(B) 
Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting: 
(a) 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(I) 
all the Underlying Shares or all or substantially all the assets 
of an Underlying Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, 
authority, 
entity 
or 
instrumentality 
thereof 
(“Nationalisation”); or 
(II) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of, or any 
analogous proceeding affecting, an Underlying Issuer (1) all 
the Underlying Shares of that Underlying Issuer are required 
to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (2) holders of the Underlying Shares of that Underlying 
Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them 
(“Insolvency”); or

--- Page 104 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
104 
 
(III) 
the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such 
Exchange, the Underlying Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are 
not immediately re listed, re traded or re quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union) 
(“Delisting”), 
then the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) will, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine whether or not the Securities shall 
continue. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Securities shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Relevant Price set out in the 
Issuance Document, the number of Underlying Shares to which each 
Security relates, the number of Underlying Shares comprised in a 
Basket of Shares, the amount, the number of or type of shares or other 
securities which may be delivered under such Securities and, in any 
case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of 
the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment (including without 
limitation, in relation to Share Basket Securities, the cancellation of 
terms applicable in respect of Underlying Shares affected by the 
relevant Extraordinary Event) which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine.  The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, notify the Securityholders (copied to the Series Trustee 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five (5) Business Days’ notice to the Securityholders 
(copied to the Series Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to 
redeem the Securities.  Without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse), the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of, in respect of each Security, an 
amount equal to the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 
(as applicable). 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or be redeemed 
early. 
(B) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the 
relevant Securities shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount or

--- Page 105 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
105 
 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) and/or the Settlement Price and/or 
Relevant Price set out in the Issuance Document, the number of Underlying 
Shares to which each Security relates, the number of Underlying Shares 
comprised in a Basket of Shares the amount, and, in any case, any other 
variable relevant to the settlement, or payment terms of the relevant Securities 
and/or any other adjustment (including without limitation, in relation to Share 
Basket Securities or Index Basket Securities, the cancellation of terms 
applicable in respect of any Underlying Shares or Index, as the case may be, 
affected by the relevant Additional Disruption Event) which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, notify the Securityholders (copied to the Series 
Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(C) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the 
relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall give not less 
than five (5) Business Days’ notice to the Securityholders (copied to the Series 
Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to redeem the Securities and, 
without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each 
Security of an amount equal to the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (as applicable). 
(D) 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances notify the Series Trustee and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
(E) 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means, with respect to any Series (unless 
otherwise specified in the Issuance Document), a Change in Law, Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Loss of Stock Borrow and any 
further event or events as may be specified in the Issuance Document as an 
Additional Disruption Event with respect to such Securities. 
(vi) 
Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities: 
In relation to Equity-Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Basket” means, in relation to any Share Basket Securities, the Underlying Shares 
specified in the Issuance Document as comprising the Basket and in relation to Index 
Basket Securities, the Indices specified in the Issuance Document as comprising the 
Basket in each case in the relative proportions specified in such Issuance Document; 
“Basket of Indices” means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising the 
Indices specified in the Issuance Document in the relative proportions specified in such 
Issuance Document; 
“Basket of Shares” means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising 
Underlying Shares of each Underlying Issuer specified in the Issuance Document in 
the relative proportions or number of Underlying Shares of each Underlying Issuer 
specified in such Issuance Document;

--- Page 106 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
106 
 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that (x), in the case of Single Share 
Securities, Single Index Securities, Share Basket Securities or Index Basket Securities, 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Shares or 
of any financial instrument or contract providing exposure to the Underlying Shares, 
Index or Indices (as the case may be), or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its 
tax position); 
“Component” means in relation to an Index, any security which comprises such Index; 
“Currency Inconvertibility Event” means it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible: (i) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate at which any Local 
Currency (defined below) can be lawfully exchanged for U.S. dollars; or (ii) to convert 
the currency in which any of the Underlying Shares or the securities which comprise 
the Index is denominated (a “Local Currency”) into U.S. dollars; or (iii) to exchange 
or repatriate any funds outside of any jurisdiction in which any of the securities which 
comprise the Index or the Underlying Shares is issued due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law, regulation, directive or decree of any Governmental 
Authority or otherwise; or (iv) for the Issuer or the Counterparty to hold, purchase, sell 
or otherwise deal in any Securities or any other property in order for the Issuer or the 
Counterparty to perform, or for the purposes of the Issuer or the Counterparty 
performing its obligations in respect of any Securities or in respect of any related 
hedging arrangements.  For the purposes hereof, “Governmental Authority” means 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power; 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the Issuance Document; 
“Determination Time” means the time specified as such in the Issuance Document, or 
if no such time is specified, (a) save with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in relation to each Index or 
Underlying Share to be valued.  If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Determination Time is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Determination Time shall be such actual closing 
time; and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any 
Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component and (y) in respect of any option contracts or futures contracts on the Index, 
the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor; 
“Disrupted Day” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred, and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; 
(ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
(iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred;

--- Page 107 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
107 
 
“Early Closure” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, the closure 
on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange (or in the case of a Single 
Index Security or Index Basket Security, any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities 
that comprise 20%. or more of the level of the relevant Index) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Determination Time on such Exchange Business Day and (b) with 
respect to any Multi-exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the relevant Determination Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Securities or Index Basket 
Securities other than a Multi-exchange Index, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Index in the Issuance Document or, if none 
is specified, the principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the shares underlying such Index has temporarily relocated, provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the shares underlying such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange, and (ii) with respect 
to any Multi-exchange Index, and in respect of each Component, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share relating to Single Share Securities or Share 
Basket Securities, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Underlying Share in the Issuance Document or, if none is specified, the 
principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such Underlying Share, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such Exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Underlying Share has temporarily relocated, provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange; 
“Exchange Business Day” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
(b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or 
the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;

--- Page 108 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
108 
 
“Exchange Disruption” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Shares on the Exchange (or in the case 
of Single Index Securities or Index Basket Securities, on any relevant Exchange(s) 
relating to securities that comprise 20%. or more of the level of the relevant Index), or 
(ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the Underlying Shares or the relevant Index (as the case may be) on any 
relevant Related Exchange and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any event 
(other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, (i) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component, 
or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange; 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means the dividend per Underlying Share, or portion 
thereof, to be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Extraordinary Event” means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or Delisting; 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer or the Counterparty (in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations under the Securities, or 
(B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or asset(s); 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer or the Counterparty (in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that, in each case, any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer or the Counterparty shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
“Index” means any index specified as such in the Issuance Document, subject to 
Condition 8(n)(ii) (Adjustments to Indices); 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of an Index, the entity specified as such in the 
Issuance Document or, if no entity is specified, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Index; 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer or the Counterparty is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) the 
Underlying Shares with respect to the Securities in an amount which the Issuer deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities (not to exceed the number of shares underlying the Securities) at a rate 
determined by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf); 
“Market Disruption Event” means (a) in respect of an Underlying Share or an Index 
other than a Multi-exchange Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading

--- Page 109 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
109 
 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Determination Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.  For the purpose of determining whether 
a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of an Index at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then 
the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be 
based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the 
Market Disruption Event occurred; and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index 
either (i)(A) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of (1) a Trading 
Disruption, (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Determination Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component is 
principally traded, OR (3) an Early Closure; AND (B) the aggregate of all Components 
in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20%. or more of the level of the Index; OR (ii) the 
occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
of: (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Determination Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an 
Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect 
of a Component at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of the Index attributable to that Component to (y) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of 
the market “opening data”; 
“Multi-exchange Index” means any Index specified as such in the Issuance 
Document; 
“Observation Date” has the meaning given in the Issuance Document; 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, in respect of Single Share Securities or Share 
Basket Securities (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion): 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of an Underlying Share (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of Underlying 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Underlying 
Shares of (A) such Underlying Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Underlying Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such an Underlying Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Underlying 
Issuer as a result of a spin off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash 
or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend;

--- Page 110 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
110 
 
(iv) 
a call by the Underlying Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Shares that 
are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by an Underlying Issuer (as the case may be) or any of its 
subsidiaries of Underlying Shares, whether out of profits or capital and whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of an Underlying Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of the Underlying Issuer pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides, upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Shares; 
“Related Exchange”, in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Securities or Index 
Basket Securities, an Underlying Share relating to Single Share Securities or Share 
Basket Securities means the Exchange specified as the Relevant Exchange in the 
Issuance Document, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures and options 
contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange) or, if none is specified, each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares, as the case 
may be; 
“Relevant Price” on any day means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying Share to which a Single Share Security or a Share 
Basket Security relates, the price per Underlying Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the manner provided in the Applicable Supplement as of 
the Determination Time on the relevant day, or, if no means for determining 
the Relevant Price are so provided: (a) in respect of any Underlying Share for 
which the Exchange is an auction or “open outcry” exchange that has a price 
as of the Determination Time at which any trade can be submitted for 
execution, the Relevant Price shall be the price per Underlying Share as of the 
Determination Time on the relevant day, as reported in the official real time 
price dissemination mechanism for such Exchange; and (b) in respect of any 
Underlying Share for which the Exchange is a dealer exchange or dealer 
quotation system, the Relevant Price shall be the mid point of the highest bid 
and lowest ask prices quoted as of the Determination Time on the relevant day 
(or the last such prices quoted immediately before the Determination Time) 
without regard to quotations that “lock” or “cross” the dealer exchange or 
dealer quotation system; and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index to which a Single Index Security or an Index Basket 
Security relates, the level of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 111 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
111 
 
as provided in the Issuance Document as of the Determination Time on the 
relevant day or, if no method for determining the Relevant Price is so provided, 
the level of the Index as of the Determination Time on the relevant day; 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of regular trading session hours; 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, 
any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open 
for trading for their respective regular trading session, and (b) with respect to any 
Multi-exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session; 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Underlying Share or Index, the period of 
Settlement Cycle Days following a trade in such Underlying Share or the securities 
underlying such Index, as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange (or, in respect of any Multi-
exchange Index, the longest such period) and for this purpose “Settlement Cycle Day” 
means, in relation to a clearing system any day on which such clearing system is (or 
but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event would have been) open for 
acceptance and executions of settlement instructions; 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a 
result of which the relevant clearing system cannot clear or execute the transfer of an 
Underlying Share or the securities underlying an Index; 
“Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Single Share Security, a Share Basket 
Security, an Index Security or an Index Basket Security, the price, level or amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in accordance 
with the Issuance Document; 
“Trading Disruption” means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the Exchange, Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Underlying Share 
on the Exchange, or, in the case of a Single Index Security or Index Basket Security, 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20%. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
Underlying Share or the relevant Index or Indices Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange, and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
on the Related Exchange; 
“Underlying Issuer” means the entity that is the issuer of the Underlying Share 
specified in the Issuance Document; 
“Underlying Share” means, in relation to a particular Series, a share specified as such 
in the Issuance Document, or, in the case of a Share Basket Security, a share forming 
part of a basket of shares to which such Security relates; and

--- Page 112 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
112 
 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issuance Document (or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8(d)(ii)(B). 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks selected by the 
Issuer acting through the Calculation Agent with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to any Series 
and for so long as any such Series is outstanding.  If any Reference Bank (acting through its 
relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
acting through the Calculation Agent will select another Reference Bank with an office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint (with the prior written consent of the Series Trustee, acting on the instructions of 
the Instructing Creditor) a successor to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
None of the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent shall have any 
duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any event, matter or thing has occurred 
that would allow the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or its designee to make the determinations, 
including any adjustments or changes, referred to in the Conditions 8(d), 8(e), 8(f), 8(h)(ii), 
8(h)(iii), 8(h)(iv), 8(n)(v) and 9(g)(B). 
(9) 
Redemption, Cash Settlement, Purchase and Exchange 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity or Cash Settlement at Expiration  
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions or, unless such Security is stated in the Issuance Document as having no 
fixed Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable), each Security will be redeemed 
at its Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable and both as 
defined in Condition 24) on the date or dates (or, in the case of Floating Rate Securities, 
on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the Issuance Document. 
(ii) 
If Maturity Date Extension or Expiration Date Extension (as applicable) is specified as 
applicable in the Issuance Document, if on the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as 
applicable) the Disposal Agent informs the Issuer that there is a shortfall in the amounts 
available to pay the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
due on the Securities in full, the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) may 
be extended to the date that is twenty (20) Business Days following receipt of 
realisation proceeds by the Issuer (or Disposal Agent on the Issuer’s behalf) and such 
extended Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) shall be notified by the issuer 
to the Securityholder in accordance with the relevant notice provisions. 
(b) 
Mandatory Redemption/Cash Settlement 
(i) 
Underlying Disposal Event 
If any of the following events (each a “Disposal Event”) occurs: 
(A) 
there has been a payment default on the due date therefor (without, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, regard to any grace period) in 
respect of the Underlying Assets; or

--- Page 113 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
113 
 
(B) 
any Related Agreement is terminated in whole and is not replaced on or prior 
to such termination to the satisfaction, and with the prior written approval, of 
the Series Trustee; 
(C) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document and subject to 
Condition 17(c) (Substitution), 
(x) 
the Issuer or Paying Agent, on the occasion of the next payment due 
in respect of the Securities, would be required by law to withhold or 
account for tax (including pursuant to an agreement entered into by the 
Issuer or any such Paying Agent following sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), any 
agreement with the United States regarding these rules and any 
legislation, regulations or rules adopted by another jurisdiction 
pursuant to an intergovernmental agreement regarding the 
implementation of these rules (collectively, “FATCA”)), or 
(y) 
the Issuer would suffer tax, including pursuant to FATCA and section 
871(m) of the Code, in respect of its income (or deemed income) in 
the Underlying Assets or payments made to it under a Related 
Agreement, or would receive net of any tax, including pursuant to 
FATCA and section 871(m) of the Code, any payments in respect of 
the Underlying Assets or payments made to it under a Related 
Agreement (in each case, where there is no obligation to pay an 
additional amount to the Issuer in respect of the Underlying Assets or 
the relevant Related Agreement (except where the U.S. withholding 
tax on its income is borne by the holders of Securities pursuant to so-
called Double Withholding, if such Double Withholding is indicated 
as applicable at issuance in the Issuance Document), or 
(z) 
any exchange controls or other currency exchange or transfer 
restrictions or tax are imposed on the Issuer or any payments to be 
made to or by the Issuer or for any reason the cost to the Issuer of 
complying with its obligations under or in connection with the Trust 
Deed or meeting its operating or administrative expenses would (in the 
sole opinion of the directors of the Issuer) be materially increased, 
then the Issuer shall, if the same would avoid the effect of the relevant event 
described in paragraph (x), (y) or (z) above use its best endeavours to procure 
the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved in 
writing by the Series Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the 
Securities, or the establishment of a branch office in another jurisdiction 
approved in writing by the Series Trustee (in each case provided that the Series 
Trustee is satisfied that such substitution will not be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Securityholders and subject to the satisfaction of certain 
conditions as more fully specified in the Trust Deed) from which it may 
continue to carry out its functions under the Securities and the Related 
Agreement(s), and the Issuer, having used its best endeavours, is unable to 
arrange such substitution before the next payment is due in respect of the 
Securities of the relevant Series; or 
(D) 
there is any restructuring of the terms and conditions of the Underlying Assets 
which, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, is material in the 
context of the Securities and/or any agreements relating to the Securities; or

--- Page 114 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
114 
 
(E) 
the Issuer’s performance under the Securities becomes or will be unlawful in 
whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, consent, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive of any governmental, legislative or judicial authority or power, 
on first becoming aware of the occurrence of any Disposal Event, the Calculation Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall give notice thereof (the “Disposal Event Notice”) 
to the Series Trustee, the Counterparty, the Issuer, the Disposal Agent, the Custodian 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities) and the Series Custodian (in the case of Custodian Securities) and the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  
Upon receipt of a Disposal Event Notice, and in the case of Disposal Events pursuant 
to Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) and 9(b)(i)(C)(y), following the passing of an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Securityholders resolving that the Securities shall be redeemed, the 
Disposal Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer), shall arrange for the sale of the 
Underlying Assets in accordance with Condition 13(a) (Disposal of Underlying 
Assets).  Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof, the Issuer shall give not more 
than thirty (30) days’ notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the 
relevant Issuance Document) to the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
of the date on which the net proceeds of such sale shall be applied in accordance with 
the relevant Order of Priority. 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption in respect of the circumstance set out in 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C) above, the Issuer shall deliver to the Series Trustee: (1) a 
certificate signed by a director of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions precedent 
to the obligations of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (2) in the case of a 
redemption of Securities under Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) or (y) an opinion (in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Series Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the Issuer (previously approved by the Series Trustee) in the relevant jurisdiction to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to withhold, account for or suffer such 
tax.  The Series Trustee shall be entitled to accept the aforementioned certificate and, 
if applicable, opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above in Condition 9(b)(i)(C) above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Securityholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) 
arises: 
(a) 
owing to the connection of any holder, or any third party having a beneficial 
interest in the Securities, Coupons or Receipts, with the place of incorporation 
or tax jurisdiction of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of 
any Security, Coupon or Receipt or receiving principal, Redemption Amount 
or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable), Amortised Face Amount, interest 
or Interest Amount in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant holder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption, reduction or refund from such tax (including any failure by a holder 
or any third party having an interest in the Securities, Coupons or Receipts to 
comply with any request made pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Taxation)); or 
(c) 
by reason of any holder or any third party being unable to receive payments 
free from withholding tax under FATCA;

--- Page 115 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
115 
 
(d) 
where a holder would have been able to amend such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Security or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
member state of the European Union, 
then, to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts 
payable to such holder and shall not redeem the relevant Securities of the relevant 
Series.  Any such deduction shall not affect the rights of the other holders hereunder 
and shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
(ii) 
Early Redemption of Underlying Assets 
If the Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an early redemption of such 
Underlying Assets (an “Underlying Early Redemption”) prior to their stated date of 
maturity (other than by reason of payment default, as referred to in Condition 9(b)(i)(A) 
or as contemplated in the Issuance Document) the Issuer shall forthwith give not more 
than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) days’ notice (or such other number of days as 
may be provided in the Issuance Document) to the Series Trustee and the 
Securityholders of the date on which the net proceeds of such redemption shall be 
applied as specified in Condition 6(b) (Application of Proceeds). 
(iii) 
Credit Event 
If the Issuance Document so provides, if there has been, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in the Issuance Document), a Credit Event (as specified 
and defined in the Issuance Document), the Calculation Agent shall give written notice 
thereof to the Series Trustee, the Issuer, each Paying Agent and the Counterparty.  No 
further payment should be made in respect of the Securities (other than as provided in 
this Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit Event)).  The Issuance Document shall specify the basis 
for calculation of the amount (the “Credit Event Redemption Amount” in the case of 
Notes and the “Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount” in the case of Certificates) 
payable upon redemption of the Securities in accordance with this Condition 9(b)(iii) 
(Credit Event) which shall be determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Issuer shall 
give not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) days’ notice (or such other 
number of days as may be provided in the Issuance Document) to the Securityholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) will be made to the 
Securityholders or delivery will be made to the Securityholders of the Reference 
Securities (as defined in the Issuance Document), as the case may be.  The Issuance 
Document will also specify all other additional terms and conditions which will apply 
in relation to such Credit Event. 
(iv) 
Definition 
In these Conditions, each of a Disposal Event, an Underlying Early Redemption, and a 
Credit Event is referred to as a “Mandatory Redemption Event” in the case of Notes 
and a “Mandatory Cash Settlement Event” in the case of Certificates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Series Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Mandatory Redemption 
Event or Mandatory Cash Settlement Event (as applicable) has occurred.  Neither the 
Series Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall have any obligation, responsibility or 
liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured 
Creditor.  If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Series 
Trustee of the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event or Mandatory Cash 
Settlement Event (as applicable), the Series Trustee shall be entitled to rely

--- Page 116 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
116 
 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation and shall suffer no liability 
where it does rely on such notice. 
(v) 
Redemption/Cash Settlement of Securities 
Upon expiry of the relevant notice under Condition 9(b)(i) or (ii) or (iii) above and 
subject to the conditions of such notice, the Issuer shall (unless, in the case of 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C) only, the Series Trustee has required the substitution of another 
company as principal obligor in respect of the Securities or the establishment of a 
branch as contemplated in Condition 17(c) (Substitution) or such substitution is 
otherwise requested by the Instructing Creditor) redeem each Security in whole or, as 
the case may be, in part on a pro rata basis together with any accrued interest up to the 
relevant date of redemption having applied all monies received in respect of a Series 
(whether by disposal by the Disposal Agent, enforcement of the Security relating to 
that Series or otherwise) in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Application of Proceeds), 
or delivered the Reference Securities or paid the Credit Event Redemption Amount or 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount in accordance with Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit 
Event) (or as specified in the Issuance Document).  The provisions of Clause 18 
(Limited Recourse and Non-petition) of the Principal Trust Deed shall apply in respect 
of such redemption of Securities. 
The date on which monies received in respect of a Series (whether by disposal by the 
Disposal Agent, enforcement of the Security relating to that Series or otherwise) shall 
be applied in redemption of the Securities in accordance with the above paragraph of 
this Condition 9(b)(v) (Redemption/Cash Settlement of Securities) shall be at any time 
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the relevant Condition and any 
relevant provisions in the Issuance Document. 
(c) 
Purchase 
If a purchase option is specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, provided that no 
Event of Default or Mandatory Redemption Event or Mandatory Cash Settlement Event (as 
applicable) has occurred and is continuing, purchase Securities or any of them (provided that 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons, if any, appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
The Swap Agreement (if applicable) will provide that on such purchase such Swap Agreement 
(or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be purchased) will 
terminate. 
The Issuance Document will set out all the terms of such termination, which will reflect the 
terms of the Related Agreement.  The Issuance Document will also set out the terms on which 
the security over the Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for 
such purpose, which will reflect the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed.  No interest 
will be payable with respect to a Security to be purchased pursuant to this Condition in respect 
of the period from the Issue Date or, if later, the most recent date for the payment of interest on 
such Security, as the case may be, to the date of such purchase. 
If not all the Securities held by a Securityholder are to be purchased, upon surrender of the 
existing Registered Security Certificate in respect of Registered Securities, the Registrar shall, 
forthwith upon the written request of the Securityholder concerned, issue a new Registered 
Security Certificate in respect of such Securities which are not to be purchased and despatch 
such Registered Security Certificate to the Securityholder (at the risk of the Securityholder and 
to such address as the Securityholder may specify in such request).

--- Page 117 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
117 
 
Whilst the Securities are represented by a Global Security, the relevant Global Security will be 
endorsed to reflect the principal amount of Securities to be so redeemed or purchased. 
(d) 
Early Redemption/Cash Settlement of Zero Coupon Securities 
(i) 
In respect of any Security which does not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date or 
Expiration Date (as applicable) and the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (as applicable) of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, the amount 
payable upon redemption of such Security pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Mandatory 
Redemption/Cash Settlement) or, if applicable, Conditions 9(e) (Redemption/Cash 
Settlement at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Option), 9(f) 
(Redemption/Cash Settlement at the Option of Securityholders and Exercise of 
Securityholders’ Options) or 9(g) (Redemption/Cash Settlement by Instalments) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 12 (Events of Default) shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Security.  
References in the Conditions to “principal” in the case of Zero Coupon Securities, 
shall be deemed to include references to “Amortised Face Amount” where the context 
permits. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of (iii) below and as provided in the Issuance Document, the 
Amortised Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Security shall be the scheduled 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) of such Security on 
the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield shown in the Issuance 
Document compounded annually.  Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the Issuance Document. 
(iii) 
If the amount payable in respect of any such Security upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Mandatory Redemption/Cash Settlement) or, if applicable, 
Conditions 9(e) (Redemption/Cash Settlement at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise 
of Issuer’s Option), 9(f) (Redemption/Cash Settlement at the Option of Securityholders 
and Exercise of Securityholders’ Options) or 9(g) (Redemption/Cash Settlement by 
Instalments) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 12 (Events 
of Default) is not paid when due, the amount due and payable in respect of such Security 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Security as defined in Condition 9(d)(i), 
except that such Condition shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date 
on which the Security becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the 
date (the “Relevant Date”) which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Security have been paid; or 
(B) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable on the Security has 
been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, and notice to that effect has 
been given to holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 18 
(Notices). 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date 
or Expiration Date (as applicable), in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
principal amount of such Security together with any interest which may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 8 (Calculation of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount/Cash Settlement 
Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities). 
(e) 
Redemption/Cash Settlement at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Option

--- Page 118 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
118 
 
(a) 
If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, on giving at least five (5) Business Days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Securityholders, redeem or exercise any Issuer’s option in 
relation to, all or, if so provided, some only of the Securities in the manner and on the 
date or dates specified in the Issuance Document at their Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount (as applicable) or at their Amortised Face Amount (in the case of 
Zero Coupon Securities), together with interest accrued to, or Interest Amount payable 
on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Notice of redemption having been given by the Issuer to the Securityholders pursuant to this 
Condition may not be withdrawn and the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Securities in 
accordance with the notice, this Condition and the Issuance Document. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Securities or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option (if 
permitted as specified in the Issuance Document): 
(A) 
when the Securities are in definitive form or are represented by Registered Security 
Certificates, the Securities to be redeemed will be selected in the manner indicated in 
the Issuance Document and notice of the Securities called for redemption will be 
published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption; 
(B) 
when the Securities are represented by a Global Security, if a partial redemption is to 
be effected by selection of whole Securities as indicated in the Issuance Document, the 
Securities to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be). 
The Issuance Document will specify the terms on which the security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption or 
for the exercise of the Issuer’s option. 
The Swap Agreement (if applicable) will provide that on the redemption of Securities by the 
Issuer and/or the exercise of the Issuer’s option in relation to the Securities such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to the exercise of such option) will terminate.  The Issuance 
Document will set out the terms of such termination. 
(f) 
Redemption/Cash Settlement at the Option of Securityholders and Exercise of Securityholders’ 
Options 
If so specified in the Issuance Document the Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, at the option of the holder of any such Security, upon the holder 
of such Security giving not more than thirty (30) days nor less than fifteen (15) Business Days’ 
notice to the Issuer by completion of an Exercise Notice as specified below, redeem such 
Security on the date or dates specified in the Issuance Document at its Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) or at its Amortised Face Amount (in the case of Zero 
Coupon Securities), together with interest accrued to, or the Interest Amount payable on, the 
date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such Securityholders option which may be specified in the Issuance Document, the 
holder must deposit the relevant Security (together with all unmatured Coupons) with any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or, as the case may be, the relevant Registered 
Security Certificate with the Registrar or any Paying Agent (in the case of Registered

--- Page 119 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
119 
 
Securities) at their respective specified offices, together with a duly completed exercise notice 
(“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Securities) or from the Registrar or any Paying Agent (in the case of Registered Securities) not 
more than thirty (30) days nor less than fifteen (15) Business Days (or such other number of 
days as may be specified in the relevant Issuance Document) prior to the relevant date for 
redemption or exercise of any option. 
The Issuance Document will specify the terms on which the security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption or for 
the exercise of the Securityholder’s Option. 
The Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Securities by the Securityholders 
pursuant to the exercise of the Securityholders’ Option in relation to the Securities, such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be redeemed 
by the Issuer pursuant to the exercise of such option) will terminate.  The Issuance Document 
will set out the terms of such termination. 
In the case of any Security represented by a Global Security, the Securityholder must deliver 
the Exercise Notice (which may be done electronically through Euroclear or, as the case may 
be, Clearstream, Luxembourg) together with an authority to Euroclear or, as the case may be, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to debit such Securityholder’s account or an account designated by 
such Securityholder accordingly. 
(g) 
Redemption/Cash Settlement by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in Condition 8 (Calculation 
of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount/Cash Settlement Amount and provisions relating 
to Equity-Linked Securities) or this Condition 9 (Redemption, Cash Settlement, Purchase and 
Exchange), each Security which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, 
whereupon the outstanding Principal Amount of such Security shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount for all purposes and the notional amount(s) of principal under any Related 
Agreement upon which payments under the Series of which such Security forms part are 
calculated shall be reduced in a proportion equal to the proportion which the Instalment Amount 
bears to the original notional amount(s) of such Related Agreement. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
Subject to Condition 21 (Purchase of Securities), all Securities purchased by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, may be surrendered to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in respect of 
Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in respect of Registered Securities Certificates of such 
Registered Securities) for cancellation and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Securities 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of Bearer Securities, with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith).  Any Securities so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Securities shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Exchange of Securities for Underlying Assets 
If specified in the Issuance Document, a Securityholder may request the Issuer to exchange any 
Security held by it for a corresponding principal amount of the Underlying Assets upon terms 
that will be more fully set out in the Issuance Document. 
(j) 
Exchange of Series

--- Page 120 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
120 
 
If specified in the Issuance Document and subject to the conditions specified in such Issuance 
Document, the Issuer may from time to time, with the consent of the Counterparty under the 
Related Agreement (if any) with respect to such Series, substitute a new Series (the “New 
Series”) for that existing Series (the “Existing Series”) as it may deem appropriate.  Any 
substitution of a Series may occur with or without the consent of the Securityholders, as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  The exchange procedure and means by which 
Securityholders consent to such exchange (if any) shall be specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document at the time of issue. 
(10) 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Securities 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 
(as applicable) or other amounts payable on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, 
Interest Amounts) in respect of Bearer Securities in definitive form will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payment of Instalment Amounts, other than on the due date for final redemption on which the 
Receipt shall be presented for payment together with its relative Security), Definitive Securities 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(iv)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(iv)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States and its possessions by transfer to an account denominated in the currency in which 
such payment is due with, or (in the case of Definitive Securities only) a cheque payable in that 
currency drawn on, a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of that currency provided that 
such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the 
European Community if that currency is euro. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities represented by any Bearer 
Global Security will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Definitive Bearer Securities or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
bearer Global Security, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, 
of such bearer Global Security at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made either on such bearer Global Security by the Issuing and 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(b) 
Registered Securities 
(A) 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (as applicable) or Instalment Amounts) by any Paying Agent in respect of a 
Registered Security Certificate (subject to (B) below) will be made against presentation 
and surrender (other than in the case of payments of any Instalment Amounts) of the 
relevant Registered Security Certificate at the specified office of any Paying Agent and, 
in the case of payment of any Instalment Amounts, annotation of such payment on the 
Register by the Registrar and the relevant Registered Security Certificate. 
Payments of principal or instalments (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) or Instalment Amounts) will be paid by any 
Paying Agent to the persons shown on the Register as at the close of business on the 
Clearing System Business Day (as defined below) before the due date for payment 
thereof (the “Record Date”).  Upon application by the Securityholders to the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at least ten (10) calendar days before the relevant Record 
Date, the payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant

--- Page 121 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
121 
 
currency maintained by the payee with a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of 
the country of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal 
financial centre of any Member State of the European Community if that currency is 
euro. 
(B) 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (as applicable) or Instalment Amounts) by any Paying Agent in respect of 
Registered Global Securities will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the due 
date for such payment (which shall be the principal). 
(C) 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) on Securities represented by a 
Registered Security Certificate (subject to (D) below) payable on any Interest Payment 
Date will be paid by any Paying Agent to the persons shown on the Register on the 
Record Date.  Upon application by the Securityholder to the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at least ten (10) calendar days before the relevant Record Date, the 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country 
of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial 
centre of any Member State of the European Community if that currency is euro. 
(D) 
Each payment of Interest by any Paying Agent (or, as the case may be, Interest 
Amounts) in respect of Securities represented by a Registered Global Security payable 
on any Interest Payment Date will be made, in accordance with the prevailing systems 
and procedures for payments of the relevant Clearing System(s) in which such 
Registered Global Security is being held, to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the due 
date for such payment (which shall be the record date for such payment of interest) 
where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each Clearing System 
for which the Registered Global Security is being held is open for business. 
(c) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments of 
principal (or Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable)) and interest (or 
Interest Amounts) in respect of Securities represented by such Global Security and the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security in 
respect of each amount paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Securities 
represented by such Global Security must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Security. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Securities are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed one or more Paying Agent with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Securities in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; 
and

--- Page 122 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
122 
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Dealer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
General provisions relating to payments 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation).  No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Securityholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders (if any) 
in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The name of the initial Issuing and Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Disposal Agent and 
Registrar (together with any other paying agent or transfer agent appointed pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement and the Custodian and the Series Custodian, the “Agents”) and their 
respective specified offices are listed below or as otherwise appointed pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement and with specified offices as set out in the Issuance Document.  The Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Holder.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time), and to appoint additional or other Agents, 
provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent (where the Conditions so require one), (iii) in the case of Registered 
Securities, a Registrar in Dublin or such other jurisdiction outside the UK, and (iv) a paying 
agent in Jersey (if the Securities are issued in definitive form and held outside the Clearing 
Systems), each Agent having a specified office in a European city which, if the Securities are 
admitted to listing on a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and the rules 
of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system require the appointment of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent in a particular place, shall be such place. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the Issuance Document, upon the due date for redemption 
of any Security which is a Bearer Security, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Security (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Security, any unmatured Talon relating to such 
Security (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Security which is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Security having an Instalment Date falling on or after such 
due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Security is not a due date for payment of interest 
or an Interest Amount, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Security.  Interest 
accrued on a Security which only bears interest after its Maturity Date or Expiration 
Date (as applicable) shall be payable on redemption of such Security against 
presentation thereof. 
(g) 
Non Business Days

--- Page 123 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
123 
 
Subject as provided in the Issuance Document, if any date for payment in respect of any 
Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment.  In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks are open for presentation and payment of debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currency in the relevant place of presentation and in the cities referred to in 
the definition of Business Days set out in the Issuance Document and: 
(1) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
dealings may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such currency; or 
(2) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) on a day which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in respect of any Security represented by a Global 
Security, if any date for payment in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the following Business Day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Security, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may 
have become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). 
(11) 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature unless the Issuer, or any Paying Agent or, where applicable, the Series 
Trustee is required by applicable law, regulation, rule or agreement with a taxing authority to 
make any payment in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons subject to any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever 
nature (including withholding taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA, or any similar or successor 
legislation or any agreement entered into pursuant to any such legislation, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto).  In that event, the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent, or the Series Trustee (as the case may be) shall make such payment after such 
withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant taxing authorities or 
other governmental agencies for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted.  Regardless 
of whether such withholding was anticipated (or Double Withholding was indicated as 
applicable in the related Issuance Document), if the Issuer is subject to withholding taxes on 
payments made to it, those taxes will reduce the amounts payable to the holders of Securities, 
Receipts, or Coupons, in a manner similar to taxes withheld on payments by the Issuer on the 
Securities, Receipts, or Coupons.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Series Trustee, or 
any other person will be obliged to make any additional payments to the Securityholders, 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders in respect of such withholding or deduction, but 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C) will apply.  The Issuer or any Paying Agent may require Holders to 
provide such certification and other documents as required by applicable law or reasonably 
requested pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Mandatory Redemption/Cash Settlement) above in order 
to qualify for exemption, reduction or refund of any withholding taxes or other taxes imposed 
by any taxing authority or governmental agency.

--- Page 124 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
124 
 
(b) 
If so indicated in the Issuance Document, the Issuer will treat all income accrued or paid to a 
Holder as arising from sources within the United States and will make payments free of 
U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies it with appropriate 
U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an IRS Form W-8BEN OR 
W-8BEN-E. For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a certification or other document will be 
treated as “required by law” if it actually is required by law or would be required by law if the 
income from the Securities were treated as arising from sources within the United States for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
(c) 
Each Holder or any third party having an interest in the Securities, Coupons or Receipts shall 
furnish (including by way of updates in such form and at such time as is reasonably requested) 
any information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested to assist in 
obtaining any exemption, reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any 
taxing authority or other governmental agency (including withholding taxes imposed pursuant 
to FATCA, or any similar or successor legislation or any agreement entered into pursuant to 
any such legislation, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto) upon the 
Issuer, amounts paid to the Issuer, or amounts distributable by the Issuer to such Holder.  If an 
investor fails to provide the Issuer with any correct, complete and accurate information that 
may be required for the Issuer (or any equity holder therein) to comply with FATCA, including 
to prevent U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to the Issuer (or any equity holder therein), 
the Issuer is authorized to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the investor, to compel 
the investor to sell its Securities and, if the investor does not sell its Securities after notice from 
the Issuer, to sell the investor’s Securities on behalf of the investor. 
(12) 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Subject to Condition (12)(c), the Series Trustee at its discretion may, and, if so requested in 
writing by the Instructing Creditor, shall, (subject in either case to the Series Trustee being 
secured and/or indemnified and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any Liability which it 
may incur) give notice (an “Enforcement Notice”) to the Issuer and, in the case of Secured 
Securities, the Security Trustee, that the Securities of such Series are due and repayable at their 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) together with accrued interest 
to the date of payment (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Securities, at their Amortised Face 
Amount) or as otherwise specified in the Issuance Document and the Securities of such Series 
shall accordingly immediately become due and repayable (save to the extent that they had 
already become due and repayable at the time the Enforcement Notice was given) and any 
Custodian Securities outstanding on such date shall be cancelled and, in the case of Secured 
Securities only, the Security constituted by the Security Documents shall become enforceable 
(as provided in the Trust Deed) and the net proceeds of enforcement of the Security shall be 
applied as specified in Condition 4 (Security) upon the occurrence of any of the following 
events (each an “Event of Default”): 
(i) 
(non-payment) if default is made for a period of fourteen (14) days or more in the case 
of interest payments or seven (7) days or more in the case of principal in the payment 
of any sum due in respect of such Securities or any of them; or 
(ii) 
(breach of other obligations) if the Issuer of such Series fails to perform or observe any 
of its other obligations under the Securities, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document and, where the Series Trustee considers, in its absolute discretion that such 
default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days (or such 
longer period as the Series Trustee may permit) following the service by the Series 
Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied (such notice to be 
served on the Issuer by the Series Trustee at the direction of the Instructing Creditor); 
or

--- Page 125 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
125 
 
(iii) 
(winding-up) if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or an order is made for the Issuer’s 
bankruptcy or examination (or any analogous proceedings) save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on 
terms approved by the Securityholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(iv) 
(insolvency proceedings against Issuer) if (a) any other proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, examination, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar proceedings 
under any laws (but excluding the presentation of any application for an administration 
order) and such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith, or (b) an examiner or 
other receiver, administrator or other similar official (not being a receiver or manager 
appointed by the Security Trustee pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed) is appointed in 
relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or (c) an encumbrancer (not being the Security 
Trustee or any Receiver or manager appointed by the Security Trustee) shall take 
possession of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer 
or (d) a distress or execution or other process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued 
out against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer 
(other than, in any such case, by the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee or pursuant 
to any of the Transaction Documents) and in any of the foregoing cases (other than in 
relation to the circumstances described in (b) where no grace period shall apply) such 
order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) is not discharged or 
stayed or does not cease to apply within fourteen (14) days; or 
(v) 
(insolvency proceedings by Issuer) if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself (except in accordance with paragraph (iii) above) under 
any applicable liquidation, examination, bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation, readjustment or other similar proceedings under any laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(vi) 
(insolvency) if the Issuer becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found bankrupt. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation to the Series Trustee, on an annual basis, that no 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred. 
(c) 
In the event of the Security becoming enforceable following acceleration of the Securities as 
provided in this Condition 12 (Events of Default), the Series Trustee shall (but without any 
liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of, or being 
required to account for, such action to the Secured Creditors) have the right direct the Security 
Trustee to enforce its rights under the Transaction Documents, in relation to the relevant 
Mortgaged Property in relation to such Series only, provided that neither the Series Trustee nor 
the Security Trustee shall be required to take any action that would involve the Series Trustee 
or the Security Trustee (as applicable) in any liability or expense unless previously secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The provisions of the Trust Deed are expressed to apply separately to each Series.  
Accordingly, the occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series does not per se 
constitute an Event of Default under any other Series. 
The Events of Default may be varied or amended in respect of any Series as set out in the 
Issuance Document.

--- Page 126 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
126 
 
(13) 
Disposal and Enforcement 
(a) 
Disposal of Underlying Assets 
(i) 
Following (i) receipt of a Disposal Event Notice under Condition 9(b)(Mandatory 
Redemption/Cash Settlement); or (ii) the occurrence of any other circumstances as 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document for the relevant Series, the Disposal 
Agent shall arrange the sale of the Underlying Assets with a view to liquidating such 
Underlying Assets as soon as reasonably practicable, provided that none of the 
Disposal Agent and Issuer shall have any liability if the liquidation of the Underlying 
Assets is not effected, for any reason outside of its control, by the end of the 90th 
calendar day following receipt of any of the above specified notices (the “Liquidation 
End Period”).  If any of the Underlying Assets has not been liquidated in full by the 
end of the Liquidation End Period, then the Underlying Assets that have not been 
converted to cash shall be deemed to have a value of zero. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) may take such 
steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect such liquidation, including, but not 
limited to, selecting the method of liquidating the Underlying Assets, provided that the 
Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) shall act as soon as reasonably practicable 
within the available timeframe and in a commercially reasonable manner and further 
provided that the Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) shall be entitled to effect any 
liquidation of the Underlying Assets by way of one or multiple transactions on a single 
or multiple days. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and the Disposal Agent may agree that any sale of the Underlying Assets 
may be made by the Issuer to the Disposal Agent and in such circumstance, the 
Disposal Agent would be acting on a strictly principal-to-principal basis and not as an 
agent of, or broker for, the Issuer. 
(iv) 
The Disposal Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall procure that the amounts 
arising from the liquidation of the Underlying Assets are credited to the Cash Account 
or to any other account opened by the Issuer (as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document) not later than the Business Day immediately following the date on which 
the liquidation of the relevant Underlying Assets is completed in order for such 
amounts to be applied in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. 
(v) 
None of the Issuer and the Disposal Agent shall be liable to the Series Trustee and the 
Security Trustee (if applicable), the Securityholders or any other party in respect of any 
agreement entered into, action or determination made or price obtained or paid, as 
applicable, in respect of the liquidation of the Underlying Assets by the Disposal Agent 
pursuant to this Condition. 
(vi) 
None of the Series Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent shall have any duty to 
monitor the Issuer or the Disposal Agent in respect of the liquidations and disposals 
made and any other action taken by them under this Condition and shall not have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability in respect thereof. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
The Series Trustee may, at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such action under 
or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents as it may think fit (including, without 
limitation, directing the Security Trustee to take any action under or in connection with any of 
the Transaction Documents or, after the issuance of an Enforcement Notice, to take steps to 
enforce the Security), provided that:

--- Page 127 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
127 
 
(a) 
the Series Trustee shall not be bound to take any such action unless it shall have been 
so directed by the Instructing Creditor; 
(b) 
(except where expressly provided otherwise) the Security Trustee shall not, and shall 
not be bound to, take any such action unless it shall have been so directed by (i) the 
Series Trustee or (ii) if there are no Securities outstanding, all of the other Secured 
Creditors; and 
(c) 
neither the Series Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be bound to take any such 
action unless it shall have been indemnified and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Only the Series Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents and enforce the rights of the Securityholders including 
directing the Security Trustee to enforce the Security in relation to the Underlying Assets of the 
relevant Series.  No Securityholder is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any other 
party or any assets of the Issuer unless the Series Trustee or Security Trustee, as applicable, 
having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and the 
Security Documents, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or 
neglect is continuing. 
(14) 
Limited Recourse 
If the amounts realised from the Mortgaged Property (in respect of Secured Securities), or 
Unsecured Series Property (in respect of Unsecured Securities) or of any Series (including, 
without limitation, a realisation of the Security or a sale or redemption of the Underlying Assets 
and termination of any Related Agreement in accordance with these Conditions) are not 
sufficient (after meeting any Liabilities or remuneration of the Series Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Agents, the Corporate Services Provider, the Securities Custodian and any 
Receiver and another appointee of the Series Trustee or the Security Trustee under the Trust 
Deed, and any other amounts that rank in priority to the Securities of such Series as specified 
in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or identified in the Issuance Document) to make payment 
of all amounts due in respect of the Securities of such Series and all other Secured Obligations 
with respect to that Series including, without limitation any amount due to the Counterparty as 
a result of the termination of any Related Agreement, no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to meet that shortfall.  Any such shortfall shall be borne in accordance with the 
relevant Order of Priority (applied in reverse order).  Any claim of the Holders of the relevant 
Series remaining after such application shall be extinguished and such Holders will have no 
further recourse to the Issuer and any failure to make any payment in respect of such shortfall 
shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
After realisation of the Security in respect of the Secured Securities which has become 
enforceable or following the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property by the Issuer (in the 
case of Unsecured Securities) and distribution of the net proceeds thereof, neither the Series 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, nor any Securityholder (if any) may take any further 
steps against the Issuer or any of its assets to recover any sums due but unpaid in respect of the 
Securities and all claims against the Issuer in respect of each such sum unpaid shall be 
extinguished. 
No Securityholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder, Series Trustee or Security Trustee, may 
institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-
up, examination, re-organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except 
for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed) or other 
similar proceeding under any law for so long any Securities are outstanding.  The Secured 
Securityholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any) accept and agree that the only 
remedy of the Security Trustee against the Issuer after any of the Secured Securities of that

--- Page 128 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
128 
 
Series have become due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Payments) is to enforce the 
Security for the relevant Series. 
In the case of Securities issued by Memel, each Series is issued by Memel acting in respect of 
its relevant protected cell as specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Series.  Each 
protected cell of Memel is a protected cell of a Jersey protected cell company and holders of 
Securities will only have recourse to the assets attributable to that protected cell related to the 
applicable Series from time to time.  Holders of Securities will not have recourse to any assets 
attributed to any other protected cell of Memel or any assets held by Memel in its own capacity. 
The net proceeds of enforcement of the security or realisation of the Mortgaged Property (in 
respect of Secured Securities) or the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property (in respect 
of the Unsecured Securities) for the relevant Series may be insufficient to pay all amounts 
due to the Secured Creditors or Unsecured Securityholders (as applicable) in respect of such 
Series in which event claims in respect of all such amounts will be extinguished. 
(15) 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons (which, 
for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9(d) (Early Redemption/Cash Settlement of 
Zero Coupon Securities)) in respect thereof. 
(16) 
Replacement of Securities, Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
If any Bearer Security, Registered Security Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or, 
in the case of Registered Security Certificates, the Registrar in Dublin upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Securities, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
(17) 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders of a Series to 
consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
two (2) or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in the Principal Amount of the 
Securities of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, or, at any adjourned such 
meeting, two (2) or more persons being or representing Securityholders of the relevant Series, 
whatever the Principal Amount of the Securities so held or represented, except that, inter alia, 
the terms of the security and certain terms concerning the amount and currency and the 
postponement of the due dates of payment of the Securities and the Coupons or Receipts (if 
any) may be modified only by resolutions passed at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two 
(2) or more persons holding or representing two thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting, not 
less than one third, in Principal Amount of the Securities of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding.  In addition, a Written Resolution or an Electronic Resolution (each as 
defined below) will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Securityholders will be binding on all Securityholders

--- Page 129 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
129 
 
(and any Couponholders and Receiptholders) of the relevant Series, whether or not they were 
present at such meeting. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
Securityholders of not less than 75% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities for the 
time being outstanding.  Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more Securityholders. 
“Electronic Resolution” means a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) 
in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding 
The Holder of a Global Security will be treated as two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirement of a Meeting of Securityholders. 
The Series Trustee may agree, or may direct the Security Trustee to agree, without the consent 
of the Securityholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification to any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document which is in the opinion of the Series Trustee of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
any other modification (except as mentioned therein), or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of any provisions, of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document which in the opinion of the Series Trustee is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
The Series Trustee may also, without the consent of the Securityholders, determine that an 
Event of Default with respect to the Issuer shall not, or shall not subject to specified conditions, 
be treated as such. 
Any such modification, authorisation, waiver or determination may be made on such terms and 
subject to such conditions as may seem fit and proper to the Series Trustee, shall be binding 
upon the Securityholders and any other Secured Creditor relating to such Series and, unless the 
Series Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Authorisation 
The Issuer will not, except as specified in the Issuance Document, exercise any rights in its 
capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the Underlying 
Assets, unless directed to do so by the Series Trustee and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
will act only in accordance with such directions.  In particular, the Issuer will not attend or vote 
at any meeting of holders of, or other persons interested or participating in, or entitled to the 
rights or benefits (or a part thereof) under, the Underlying Assets or give any consent, waiver, 
indulgence, time or notification or make any declaration in relation to such Underlying Assets 
unless it shall have been so directed by the Series Trustee in writing. 
(c) 
Substitution 
(i) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Series Trustee to agree and in the 
case of a Secured Series, to direct the Security Trustee to agree without the consent of

--- Page 130 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
130 
 
the Securityholders and whether pursuant to Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(z) or otherwise to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the 
Securities of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction). 
(ii) 
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Series Trustee may agree 
and, in the case of any Secured Series, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to a 
change of the law governing the Trust Deed, and/or any other Transaction Document 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Series Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders and provided in respect of a change 
in Transaction Documents the relevant amendment provisions are complied with. 
The Series Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, agree and, in the 
case of a Secured series, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to a change in the 
place of residence of the Issuer for taxation purposes provided the Issuer does all such 
things as the Series Trustee may require in order that such change in the place of 
residence of the Issuer for taxation purposes is fully effective and complies with such 
other requirements in the interests of the Securityholders as the Series Trustee may 
direct. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no substitution shall be made if it will cause 
U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments or Double Withholding to apply 
(unless U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments or Double Withholding 
was already applicable (as specified in the Issuance Document)). 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Series Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions under these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (including but not limited to 
those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution as aforesaid) the Series Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Securityholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Securityholders, whatever their number) and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Securityholders (whatever their number) or of holders of any other notes or bonds, resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and 
the Series Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholders be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer, the Series Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders. 
(18) 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in respect of Bearer Securities and Registered Securities 
Notices to holders of Bearer Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper in Jersey and in a leading English language daily 
newspaper in London (expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having daily circulation in general 
circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice to holder of Bearer Securities shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of first publication or if earlier, the date that such notice is filed with the Companies 
Announcements Office of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin).  Couponholders and 
Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Securities in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 131 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
131 
 
Notices to holders of Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if posted to them 
at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the date of 
posting or, if so agreed with the relevant Securityholder, will be given to them by fax or email. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices to holders of Bearer Securities and Registered 
Securities are, so long as such Securities are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext 
Dublin) and the guidelines of that exchange so require, filed with the Companies 
Announcements Office of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) and otherwise duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules, regulations and guidelines of the Irish 
Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system on which the Securities are for the time being listed. 
Until such time as any Definitive Securities or as the case may be, Registered Security 
Certificates are issued, and so long as the Global Securities representing such Securities are 
held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system, notices to Securityholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other relevant clearing system, 
for communication by them to the holders of the Securities (and the provisions of the paragraphs 
above in this Condition shall not apply) and, in addition, for so long as any Securities are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be filed with that stock exchange.  Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other 
relevant clearing system. 
(19) 
Series Trustee and Security Trustee’s Indemnification, Retirement and Removal 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Series Trustee and Security 
Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any 
action including taking proceedings to enforce repayment (in the case of Secured Securities) 
unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  The Series Trustee and 
Security Trustee or any of their affiliates are entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, any issuer or guarantor of (or other obligor in respect of) any of the securities or other 
assets, rights and/or benefits comprising the Mortgaged Property or Unsecured Series Property 
or the Securityholders or any of their respective subsidiaries or associated companies without 
accounting to the Securityholders for any profit resulting therefrom. 
Each of the Series Trustee and the Security Trustee, in the absence of negligence, wilful default 
or fraud, is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of 
all or any part of the Unsecured Series Property and Mortgaged Property respectively, from any 
obligation to insure all or any part of the Property and Mortgaged Property (including, in either 
such case, any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring any 
rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder) or to procure the same to be insured or 
monitoring the adequacy of any insurance arrangements and from any claim arising if all or 
any part of the Underlying Assets (or any such document aforesaid) are held in an account with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any similar clearing system in accordance with that 
system’s rules or otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or a bank or other custodian 
selected by the Security Trustee.  Neither the Series Trustee nor the Security Trustee will incur 
no liability, vicarious or otherwise, for any actions or inactions of the Custodian. 
The Series Trustee was appointed trustee in respect of securities and the Security Trustee was 
appointed in respect of the Secured Securities, to be issued by the Issuer under the Programme 
pursuant to the terms of the Principal Trust Deed.  Pursuant to the terms of the Principal Trust 
Deed, the Series Trustee and Security Trustee may retire upon the giving of three (3) months’ 
notice to the Issuer and each Securityholder or may be removed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Holders of the relevant Series.  Following notice of retirement or removal of the Series

--- Page 132 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
132 
 
Trustee or Security Trustee being duly given, the Issuer shall procure the appointment of a new 
series trustee or security trustee (as applicable) as soon as reasonably practicable and such 
retirement or removal shall not become effective until a successor series trustee or security 
trustee (as applicable) has been appointed in accordance with the terms of the Principal Trust 
Deed.  If, in such circumstances, no appointment of such new series trustee or security trustee 
(as applicable) has become effective within three (3) months of the date of such notice or 
Extraordinary Resolution, the Series Trustee or Security Trustee (as applicable) shall be entitled 
to appoint a Trust Corporation as series trustee or security trustee (as applicable) of the Principal 
Trust Deed, but no such appointment shall take effect unless previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series, where “Trust Corporation” 
means a corporation entitled by rules made under the Public Trustee Act 1906 or entitled 
pursuant to any other comparable legislation applicable to a trustee in any other jurisdiction to 
carry out the functions of custodian trustee. 
The Series Trustee is only required to act on the instructions of the Instructing Creditor when 
exercising any of its powers, duties or discretions in relation to a particular Series.  The Series 
Trustee is not liable for any loss that may be suffered by any Secured Creditors when it is acting 
on the instructions of the Instructing Creditor. 
Irrespective of whether the Instructing Creditor for a particular Series is the Counterparty or the 
Securityholders, the Series Trustee is not required to take any action unless it has been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any liability which it 
may incur in so acting. 
(20) 
Further Issues 
(a) 
Restrictions on further issues and transactions 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Securityholders) issue further 
Securities (which may be consolidated and form a single series with any Series if issued in 
accordance with Condition 20(b)) which are secured by or rely for their payment on inter alia 
(save in the case of further Securities forming a single series with Custodian Securities) assets 
of the Issuer other than any existing Mortgaged Property or any existing Underlying Series 
Property and the Issuer’s share capital and transaction fees and issued on terms that provide for 
the extinction of all claims in respect of such Securities after application of the proceeds of 
enforcement of the security over or the liquidation of the assets on which such further Securities 
are secured or rely for their payment on (as the case may be) and that prevent transaction 
creditors from taking steps to wind up the Issuer.  Any such further Securities shall be 
constituted by a Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of such Securities. 
(b) 
Restrictions on fungible issues 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Securityholders) issue further 
Securities that have, when issued, the same terms and conditions as the Securities in all respects 
and that are consolidated and form a single series with the Securities provided that in the case 
of a further issue of Secured Securities only the Issuer provides additional security for such new 
Secured Securities that comprises assets that are fungible with the Mortgaged Property.  The 
Issuer is not required to determine whether any further issuance of Securities is fungible with 
the Securities for any legal or tax purposes. 
(21) 
Purchase of Securities 
All Securities repurchased by the Issuer may be cancelled, in which case the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Securities shall be discharged.  Absent such cancellation and 
notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, all Securities held by or on behalf of

--- Page 133 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
133 
 
the Issuer, shall be deposited with the Securities Custodian and shall carry the same rights as 
Custodian Securities. 
(22) 
Governing Law 
The Principal Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Securities, the Coupons, the 
Receipts and the Talons (if any) and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English law.  Any 
Security Document and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
will be governed by the law specified therein. 
(23) 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities or the Trust 
Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right 
or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
(24) 
General Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of any Securities, delivery of a notice 
by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent specifying that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or the Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its of their respective obligations in respect of the 
Securities.  For the avoidance of doubt, Administrator/Benchmark Event shall not apply where 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR (see Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions 
Specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) above) or SOFR; (see Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) above); 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of any Securities and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation;  
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides 
that the Relevant Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Securities following 
rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
provided that, if such date specified in (i) or (ii) above occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue 
Date. 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of 
the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as an “Alternative Pre-nominated Index” that is not subject to an Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event or (in the case of Equity-Linked Securities) an Index Cancellation or an Index 
Modification;

--- Page 134 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
134 
 
“Applicable Supplement”  means a Pricing Supplement, Series Prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable; 
“Benchmark” means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, 
initially LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate 
Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA 
Determination); provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR (with the 
applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable 
Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity (which shall 
be daily), provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
with the applicable period of maturity (which shall be daily), or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark, plus the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer 
or its designee cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date, then “Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) Compounded SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(d) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(e) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 135 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
135 
 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest, changes to the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer 
than the Interest Period, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of limb (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b) 
in the case of limb (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein;

--- Page 136 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
136 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) additional city or cities specified in the Issuance Document; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the principal financial 
centre of the Relevant Currency and in any additional city or cities specified in the 
Issuance Document; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date referred to in the Conditions or 
in the applicable Issuance Document which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, and means any one or more of: Following Business Day 
Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention (or Modified Business Day 
Convention), Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention (or Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention) or No Adjustment (or Unadjusted), as specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document (each with the meanings given in Condition 8(b) (Business Day 
Convention)); 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, in 
relation to a Certificate or Series (other than any Equity-Linked Certificate), the amount of the 
original face value thereof less any repayment of principal made to the Securityholder(s) thereof 
in respect of such Certificate or Series and, in relation to any Equity-Linked Certificate, (i) in 
the case of redemption on the Expiration Date, the amount calculated as set out in the Issuance 
Document and (ii) in circumstances where a Certificate is redeemed prior to the Expiration

--- Page 137 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
137 
 
Date, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Certificate, on such day as is selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (provided that such day is not more 
than fifteen (15) days before the date fixed for redemption of the Certificate), less the 
proportion attributable to that Certificate of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or the 
Counterparty of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or the Counterparty on, unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(a) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; provided that: 
(b) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Compounded SOFR 
cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then the rate, or 
methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the 
Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Security for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365, or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365; 
(b) 
if “Actual/365(Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾଷ଺଴௫ሺ௒మି௒భሻሿାሾଷ଴ ௫ ሺெమିெభሻሿାሺ஽మି஽భሻ
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 138 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
138 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”; 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾଷ଺଴௫ሺ௒మି௒భሻሿାሾଷ଴ ௫ ሺெమିெభሻሿାሺ஽మି஽భሻ
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾଷ଺଴௫ሺ௒మି௒భሻሿାሾଷ଴ ௫ ሺெమିெభሻሿାሺ஽మି஽భሻ
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 139 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
139 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
“Equity-Linked Security”  means a Single Share Security, Share Basket Security, Single 
Index Security or Index Basket Security , and “Equity Linked Securities” means any or all of 
them, as applicable; 
“euro” means the lawful single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to any Series, any final terms for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation that are issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details 
in respect of such Series, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
as specified in the applicable Issuance Document; 
“Floating Interest Rate” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest determined in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate of Floating Rate 
Securities); 
“Instalment Amount” means the amount of principal repayable on each Instalment Date in 
respect of an Instalment Security; 
“Instalment Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Issuance Document as a 
date for the payment of any Instalment Amount; 
“Instalment Security” means a Security the principal of which is repayable in instalments; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the Issuance Document; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issuance Document or, 
(ii) 
if SOFR or SONIA is specified as the applicable Reference Rate, the Interest 
Determination Date(s) shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each Interest

--- Page 140 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
140 
 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period for SOFR will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, provided that, (A) if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall in 
the case of Equity-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; 
and (B) if any Interest Determination Date is in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 8(n)(i) (Valuation, Market Disruption, and 
Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Interest Determination Date 
were a Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
if none is so specified, the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (or (A) if the specified currency is British pound sterling, 
the first day of such Interest Period and (B) if the specified currency is Euro, the day 
falling two TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period); 
“Interest Payment Date” means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
date(s) specified as such in the Issuance Document and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Issuance Document, as the same may be adjusted in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention, or if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest 
Period End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final 
Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or other 
date for redemption of the relevant Securities; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date; 
“Interest Period End Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issuance Document, 
and if no such date(s) are specified, each Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Rate” means a Fixed Interest Rate or Floating Interest Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document) payable from time to time in respect of the Security; 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Benchmark for the 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding 
Tenor and (b) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) 
that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as may be 
amended and updated as at the date of issue of the relevant Securities (as specified in the

--- Page 141 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
141 
 
relevant Issuance Document)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Issuance Document” means either the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement for the relevant 
Series, as applicable. 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of the Securities; 
“Margin” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Issuance 
Document; 
“Order of Priority” means, in relation to any Series, the order of priority for application of all 
monies received by the Series Trustee pursuant to Clause 7 of the Principal Trust Deed (as 
amended by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) or as specified in the Issuance Document; 
“Page” in respect of a Reference Rate, means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters service) as may be 
specified in the Issuance Document, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace the same on that information service or on such other information service, in 
each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices; 
“Potential Event of Default” means, in relation to each Series, any condition, event or act 
which, with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of time and/or the issue of a certificate, would 
constitute an Event of Default in relation to such Series; 
“Pricing Supplement” means, in relation to any Series for which there are no Final Terms, the 
terms issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details in respect of such Series, 
as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Trust Deed. 
“Principal Amount” means in relation to a Security or Series, the original face value thereof 
less any repayments of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Security or 
Series; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Redemption Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, in 
relation to a Note or Series (other than any Equity-Linked Security), the amount of the original 
face value thereof less any repayment of principal made to the Securityholder(s) thereof in 
respect of such Note or Series and, in relation to any Equity-Linked Security, (i) in the case of 
redemption on the Maturity Date, the amount calculated as set out in the Issuance Document 
and (ii) in circumstances where a Note is redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, an amount equal

--- Page 142 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
142 
 
to the fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion (provided that such day is not more than fifteen (15) days before 
the date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to that Note of the 
reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or the Counterparty of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or 
the Counterparty on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such or, if none, four (4) major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money market) 
which is most closely connected with the Relevant Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion; 
“Reference Rate” means in respect of any relevant period or day, any of the following as 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate, or (iii) any interest rate, swap rate, index, benchmark or price source specified as a 
“Reference Rate” in the applicable Issuance Document, or determined in accordance with the 
Conditions, in each case, for such period or such day.  If more than one Reference Rate is 
specified, “Reference Rate” shall be construed to refer to each rate defined or specified as such, 
or determined, in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (a) if the 
Benchmark is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two (2) London banking 
days preceding the date of such determination, and (b) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Securities are denominated; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Security, the financial centre as may 
be specified as such or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Relevant 
Rate is most closely connected as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
“Relevant Rate” means the offered rate for a Representative Amount of the Relevant Currency 
for a period (if applicable) equal to the Specified Duration (or such other rate as shall be 
specified in the Issuance Document); 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the Issuance Document or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant 
Financial Centre; 
“Relevant Rates Benchmark” means, in respect of any Securities: 
(i) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that 
is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or

--- Page 143 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
143 
 
(iii) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a “Relevant Rates 
Benchmark” in the applicable Issuance Document; 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the Issuance Document as such or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
time; 
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such 
day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a 
successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or Expiration Date (as applicable) or the redemption 
date, as applicable; 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period or duration specified in the Issuance Document or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period; 
“Transaction Document” means, in relation to the Securities, the Dealer Agreement, the 
Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Expenses Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement, the Issuance Document, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, any Security 
Document, any Related Agreement, the Securities of such Series and any other document(s) 
specified in the Issuance Document or entered into in connection with such Series. 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro; 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
of the European Union; 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Zero Coupon Security” means a Security on which no interest is payable (other than interest 
payable after the date on which such Security is expressed to be redeemable).

--- Page 144 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
144 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Clearing and settlement of the Securities will be effected in accordance with the operating procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary is the 
holder of a Global Certificate for a series, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the 
case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities of such series represented by 
such Global Certificate for all purposes under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Securities.  
All payments in respect of Securities represented by a Global Certificate will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the holder thereof.  None of the 
Issuer, the Series Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Dealer or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of the Securities and cross-market transfers of the Securities associated with 
secondary market trading. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders and provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries 
through established depositary and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective customers 
may settle trades with each other.  Their customers are worldwide financial institutions including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which clear through 
or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Distributions of principal and any other amounts with respect to book-entry interests in the Securities 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from the Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in Securities in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution.  Beneficial ownership in Securities will be 
held through financial institutions as direct and indirect participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and every other 
intermediate holder in the chain to the beneficial owner of book-entry interests in the Securities, will be 
responsible for establishing and maintaining accounts for their participants and customers having 
interests in the book-entry interests in the Securities.  The Registrar will be responsible for maintaining 
a record of the aggregate holdings of Securities registered in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or holders of Securities represented by 
Definitive Securities.  The Paying Agent will be responsible for ensuring that payments received by it 
from the Issuer for holders of interests in the Securities holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are credited to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  Payments to

--- Page 145 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
145 
 
holders of Securities represented by Definitive Securities will be made in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Securities; however, holders of book-entry interests 
in the Securities may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of 
accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in Global Certificates will be in uncertificated book-entry form.  Purchasers electing to hold 
book-entry interests in the Securities through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accounts will 
follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds.  Book-entry interests in the 
Global Certificates will be credited to Euroclear participant securities clearance accounts on the 
business day following the closing date against payment (for value the closing date), and to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participant securities custody accounts on the closing date against payment in same day 
funds. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Securities held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Securities through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to 
conventional eurobonds. 
The information in this section regarding the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Securities among participants of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable but 
prospective investors are advised to make their own enquiries as to such procedures.  None of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time.  None of the Issuer, the Series Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Dealer, or any affiliate of any of the 
foregoing will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the 
arrangements described above.

--- Page 146 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
146 
 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC AND ITS PROTECTED CELLS1 
General 
Memel was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 116063) as a public company with limited 
liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 26 June 2014 for a period of unlimited duration.  
Memel was converted to a protected cell company pursuant to that Law on 3 February 2021. 
Memel may by special resolution create protected cells from time to time (each, an “Issuer”, such term 
to include, where the context requires, Memel acting in respect of that protected cell).  Each protected 
cell of Memel will be established as a protected cell under the laws of Jersey and information relating 
to each of such protected cell of Memel will be contained in the relevant Issuance Document. 
One ordinary share of GBP1.00 in the share capital of Memel is held by Crestbridge Corporate 
Nominees Limited, and pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 2 July 2014 one ordinary share of 
GBP1.00 in the share capital of Memel is held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited, in its capacity as trustee of The Memel Capital Charitable 
Trust (in such capacity, the “Share Trustee”), a company incorporated in Jersey.  The registered office 
of the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD.  The Share Trustee will have no 
beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding 
of shares in Memel.  The objects of Memel are unrestricted. 
Memel’s LEI is 635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75. 
Registered Office and Telephone Number 
Memel’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD.  Memel’s telephone number is 
+44 (0)1534 835 600. 
Management 
The Directors of Memel and each Memel Issuer are: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
Stuart John Conroy 
Director, Head of Open Ended Funds 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Affiliates of the Directors of Memel provide ongoing administrative services to Memel (and any of its 
protected cells from time to time) at commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Memel is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of Memel is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the “Corporate Administrator”) provides 
administration services to Memel pursuant to: 
                                                     
1 PH Note: TBC

--- Page 147 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
147 
 
(b) 
a corporate administration agreement dated October 2014 (the “Corporate Administration 
Agreement”) made between Memel (acting in respect of itself and all of its protected cells), 
the Corporate Administrator and the Share Trustee; and 
(c) 
a side letter to the Corporate Administration Agreement and related fee letter dated 1 
October 2014 between Memel, the Corporate Administrator, the Calculation Agent and the 
Dealer. 
Business 
Memel has undertaken that, so long as any of the Securities remains outstanding, it will not, without 
the prior consent in writing of the Series Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative 
programmes of the Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise 
acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties 
or assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue 
any shares. 
Memel may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue secured and/or 
unsecured securities.  Such other programmes are not themselves being established by this Base 
Prospectus, but will include covenants, limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially in 
line with the relevant provisions under the Programme in order to ensure segregation of assets in respect 
of securities issued under such programmes.  Such other programmes will be separate from the 
Programme, will have a base prospectus, an offering circular or other offering document separate from 
this Base Prospectus and will be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission 
or any other competent authority, as appropriate. 
Memel has no assets other than the Series Assets allocated to each protected cell with respect to each 
relevant Series, the benefit of any agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other 
programmes, the sum of £2.00 representing the issued and paid-up share capital and fees generated in 
connection with the issue of the Securities and of other notes.  The Issuer has no employees. 
The only assets of a protected cell of Memel which are available to meet the claims of the holders of 
securities issued by Memel acting in respect of such protected cell will be (a) in the case of Secured 
Securityholders, the property on which such securities are secured or (b) in the case of Unsecured 
Securityholders, the property which Memel acting in respect of such protected cell has allocated to 
such Unsecured Series. 
The Securities issued by Memel are obligations of the relevant protected cell of Memel alone and not 
of any other protected cells of Memel or the Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of Memel at the date hereof: 
 
US$ 
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 each) 
2.702 
                                                     
2 Amounts in £ have been converted to US$ at an exchange rate of £1 : US$ 1.35. €1 : 1.14

--- Page 148 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
148 
 
Indebtedness 
 
Issue of EUR 13,552,637 Basket Linked Notes under the 
US$30,000,000,000 secured and unsecured notes programme dated 
5 March 2021 
15,450,006.003 
Total capitalisation 
US$ 15,450,008.70 
 
Each protected cell of Memel shall have an authorised share capital of £10,000 divided into 10,000 
shares of £1.00 each.  Each protected cell of Memel shall issue 2 fully paid ordinary shares to Memel. 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of Memel since the date of the information 
contained in the above table. 
Financial statements 
Memel prepares annual accounts which are audited and interim unaudited accounts.  The most recent 
published audited accounts of Memel are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021.  The 
Principal Trust Deed requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Series Trustee, on an 
annual basis, that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Series 
Trustee’s attention has occurred.  The audited accounts and auditor’s report of Memel for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (the “Memel Audited Accounts”) are available 
at https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents and incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, as specified under section “General Information” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Memel Audited Accounts have been prepared and conducted in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (UK) and applicable law, and there are no significant departures from the 
International Standards of Auditing. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Memel are Grant Thornton of Kensington Chambers, 46/50 Kensington Place, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE1 1ET.  The auditors are Certified Public Accountants.  The auditors are members of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
 
                                                     
3 103 notes issued at a price of EUR 131,579.  No certificates are held by the certificate custodian as at [•].

--- Page 149 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
149 
 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD4 
General 
Alphabeta was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 110792) as a public company with limited 
liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 May 2012 for a period of unlimited duration.  
The Issuer changed its name from Oder Capital Limited to alphabeta access products ltd on 
10 August 2018. 
One ordinary share of GBP1.00 in the share capital of Alphabeta is held by Crestbridge Corporate 
Nominees Limited, and pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 24 May 2012 one ordinary share of 
GBP1.00 in the share capital of Alphabeta is held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of The Oder Capital Charitable Trust 
(in such capacity, the “Share Trustee”), a company incorporated in Jersey.  The registered office of 
the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD.  The Share Trustee will have no beneficial 
interest in and derive no benefit (other than fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of shares 
in the Issuer. 
The objects of Alphabeta are unrestricted. 
Alphabeta’s LEI is 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96. 
Registered Office and Telephone Number 
Alphabeta’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD.  The Issuer’s telephone 
number is +44 (0)1534 835 600. 
Management 
The Directors of Alphabeta are: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
Stuart Conroy 
Director, Head of Open Ended Funds 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Affiliates of the Directors of Alphabeta provide ongoing administrative services to Alphabeta at 
commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Alphabeta is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of Alphabeta is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the “Corporate Administrator”) provides 
administration services to Alphabeta pursuant to: 
(a) 
a corporate administration agreement dated 29 June 2012 (the “Corporate Administration 
Agreement”) made between the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and the Share Trustee; and 
                                                     
4 PH Note: TBC

--- Page 150 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
150 
 
(b) 
a side letter to the Corporate Administration Agreement and related fee letter dated 18 
August 2016 between Alphabeta as Issuer, the Corporate Administrator, the Calculation Agent 
and the Dealer. 
Business 
Alphabeta has undertaken that, so long as any of the Securities remains outstanding, it will not, without 
the prior consent in writing of the Series Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative 
programmes of the Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise 
acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties 
or assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue 
any shares (other than such shares as were in issue on or 29 May 2012). 
Alphabeta may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue secured and/or 
unsecured securities.  Such other programmes are not themselves being established by this Base 
Prospectus, but will include covenants, limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially in 
line with the relevant provisions under the Programme in order to ensure segregation of assets in respect 
of notes issued under such programmes.  Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme, 
will have a base prospectus, an offering circular or other offering document separate from this Base 
Prospectus and will be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission or any 
other competent authority, as appropriate. 
Alphabeta has no assets other than the Series Assets with respect to each Series, the benefit of any 
agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other programmes, the sum of £2.00 representing 
the issued and paid-up share capital and fees generated in connection with the issue of the Securities 
and of other securities.  Alphabeta has no employees. 
The only assets of Alphabeta available to meet the claims of the holders of securities of Alphabeta will 
be (a) in the case of Secured Securityholders, the property on which such Securities are secured or 
(b) in the case of Unsecured Securityholders, the property which Alphabeta has allocated to such 
Unsecured Series. 
The Securities are obligations of Alphabeta alone and not of the Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of Alphabeta at the date hereof: 
 
US$ 
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 each) 
US$ 2.70 
Indebtedness 
 
Series 6 U.S. $500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Lynx (Cayman) 
fund limited under the Programme 
1,309,3775 
Series 16 EUR 3,250 Certificates Series 16 basket linked Certificates 
24,338,1066 
                                                     
5 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but 497,343, 804 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as 31 December 2021 
6 EUR 3,250 issued, but 2,900 3,050 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 151 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
151 
 
 
US$ 
Series 19 U.S. $500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Two Trees 
Certificate Cayman Fund Limited under the Programme 
3,103,8057 
Series 20 US$500,000,000 Certificates linked to the Shares of RAM (Cayman) 
Systematic DIVALPHA Limited 
10,384,4768 
Series 23 EUR 3,000 Certificates Series 23 basket linked Certificates 
78,558,5989 
Series 24 EUR 7,500 Certificates Series 24 basket linked Certificates 
611,214,17310 
Series 25 U.S. 1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Bayforest 
Cayman Fund Limited under the Programme 
10,270,27711 
Series 26 U.S $ 2,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of AQR 
Commodity 1 (Cayman) Limited 
124,310 
Repack 2 – 2,000,000 Notes issued linked to AT & T Inc 4.35% Bond 2029 and 
MS BV Warrant 
1,943,656 
German ETP Programme 
3,064,733 
Swedish ETP Programme 
379,511 
Total capitalisation 
US$ 741,246,778 
 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of Alphabeta since the date of the information 
contained in the above table. 
Alphabeta has no other outstanding indebtedness as at the date hereof. 
Financial statements 
Alphabeta prepares annual accounts which are audited and interim unaudited accounts.  The most recent 
published audited accounts of Alphabeta are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022.  
The Principal Trust Deed requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Series Trustee, on 
an annual basis, that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Series 
Trustee’s attention has occurred.  The audited accounts and auditor’s report of Alphabeta for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Alphabeta Audited Accounts”)  and 31 December 
2022 
(the 
“ 
2022 
Alphabeta 
Audited 
Accounts”) 
are 
available 
at 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents and incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, as specified under section “General Information” of this Base Prospectus. 
The 2021 Alphabeta Audited Accounts have been prepared and conducted in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (UK) and applicable law, and there are no significant departures 
from the International Standards of Auditing. The 2022 Alphabeta Audited Accounts have been 
prepared and conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. 
 
                                                     
7 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but 497,008,339 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
8 US$ 500,000,000 issued but 494,030,882 of Certificates held by Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
9 EUR 3,000 issued but 2,340 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
10 EUR 7,500 issued but 2,554 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
11 US$ 1,000,000,000 issued but 929,789,720 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 152 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
152 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of Alphabeta are Grant Thornton of Kensington Chambers, 46/50 Kensington Place, St 
Helier, Jersey, JE1 1ET.  The auditors are Certified Public Accountants.  The auditors are members of 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

--- Page 153 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
153 
 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The Swap - General 
The Issuer may enter into a Swap, in respect of a Series, with the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (see “The Swap Counterparty” section below).  If entered into, a Swap would be governed 
by English law. 
The relevant Issuance Document in respect of a Series will specify whether a Swap is entered into under 
the Swap Agreement in connection with such Series. 
The structure of the Swap may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series, but in general 
terms when a Swap is entered into in connection with a Series, save as otherwise provided in the relevant 
Issuance Document: 
(i) 
the Issuer may pay an upfront payment or financing rate and/or redemption proceeds 
from the Underlying Assets from such Series to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty will be required upon each coupon payment date or redemption 
of such Securities to pay to the Issuer amounts equal to the Coupon Amount or 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) in respect of the 
Securities hedged by the Swap; 
(iii) 
the termination date of the Swap, in respect of a Series, will be the Maturity Date or, 
where specified for a Series of Certificates, the Expiration Date of the Securities of 
such Series unless otherwise specified in the terms of the Swap or the Issuance 
Document.  In addition, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter into a 
credit support document collateralising the Issuer’s obligations under the Swap. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of 
a Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Series Trustee.  The Series Trustee 
can agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error.  The Series Trustee may (subject to 
limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such). 
(1) 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
and vice versa.  Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations 
and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Securities and/or (ii) in respect 
of the Underlying Assets relating to such Securities. 
The structure of the Swap may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series, but in general 
terms when a Swap is entered into in connection with a Series, payments required between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are designed to ensure that, following the 
making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when taken together with remaining amounts 
available to it from the issue of the relevant Securities and/or received in respect of the Underlying 
Assets relating to such Securities, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such Securities 
and the related Transaction Documents.  Such obligations may include, without limitation, its 
obligation:

--- Page 154 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
154 
 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Assets relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of 
interest), Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes) or Final 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Certificates); and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, 
accountants, auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or 
are attributable to such Securities. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of those Series.  The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement.  There is no 
restriction upon the payments that may be agreed.  In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from 
the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex.  As with payments under the Swap Agreement, the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement.  There is no restriction upon the provisions 
that may be agreed under the Credit Support Annex. 
(2) 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of 
the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any 
payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, 
if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or challenging 
the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to 
assume all the obligations of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other 
than any payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or 
performed by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein;

--- Page 155 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
155 
 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, 
or challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or 
transferring all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting 
into or as, another entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity 
fails to assume all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement or any 
credit support document (for example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) the benefits of any 
credit support document relating to the Swap Agreement fail to extend (without the consent of 
the entity providing the credit support) to the performance by such resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity of its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may 
give a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement on the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date (in the case of Notes) or Early Cash Settlement Date (in the case of Certificates) or 
the Relevant Payment Date in respect of the Series, as applicable. 
(3) 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
the occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement.  These include: 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including 
with respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty’s group); 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or 
a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change 
in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into 
of the relevant Swap Transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or 
a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Securities being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is 
itself caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement); 
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer 
and/or the Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, 
on who is the “Affected Party” (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement.  
If the event described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to 
have been designated by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the 
Securities arises as a result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) without the need for a notice of 
termination.

--- Page 156 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
156 
 
(4) 
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or vice versa.  Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines 
the Early Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement.  
Where the termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who 
makes the determination.  Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap 
Agreement will specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain 
circumstances, that both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the 
party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the 
Swap Agreement as the “Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral posted 
between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will 
be set out in the applicable Issuance Document. 
(5) 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Issuance Document, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex 
with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Securities.  Credit support will be provided by the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty (or from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer) or both the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty will provide credit support to each other (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document). 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of (i) the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation 
Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 
2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or (ii) any other credit support annex 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., in each case subject to certain 
amendments.  The sections below provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex 
and of certain terms used in the Credit Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
(6) 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a “Transferor” 
and the recipient of such credit support is known as the “Transferee”. 
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant 
Valuation Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor.  Credit 
support will be transferred on a title transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap 
Agreement exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known 
as the Transferor’s “Credit Support Balance (VM)”), but with the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance 
(VM) being adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by 
either party) as if it had been transferred.  The “Delivery Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Exposure 
minus the value of such credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor 
can then be required to transfer “Eligible Credit Support (VM)” having a Value equal to the Delivery 
Amount (VM).

--- Page 157 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
157 
 
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document.  Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an “Eligible Currency” and 
may also comprise specified securities.  For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) is required to be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value 
(see “Value and Exposure” below). 
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back 
from the Transferee if the parties’ exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of 
the credit support, changes.  The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a Return 
Amount (VM). 
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor’s Credit 
Support Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of 
being transferred (by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee 
to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement.  The “Return Amount (VM)” will be equal to such 
Credit Support Balance (VM) minus such Exposure. 
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the 
Transferee, the Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, 
description and amount as that comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as 
“Equivalent Credit Support (VM)”, up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return 
Amount (VM). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as 
Transferor to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its 
obligation. 
The “Minimum Transfer Amount” of a Transferor will be USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or such lower amount as is 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document, or, if not so specified, zero; provided that, at any time 
and from time to time, the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than USD 500,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for 
either party at that time. 
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding.  Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole 
unit whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery Amount 
(VM) and down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM). 
(7) 
Value and Exposure 
The “Exposure” of a party (“X”) to the other (“Y”) under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, 
if any, that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a 
negative number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market 
basis. 
The “Value” of an item of credit support will be determined: 
 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then 
multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant 
FX Haircut Percentage; and 
 
for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security obtained 
by the Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the 
Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage.

--- Page 158 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
158 
 
The Swap Counterparty 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap (if entered into), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”) 
will agree to act as the Swap Counterparty. 
MSIP is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and Wales 
whose registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA.  MSIP is an indirect 
wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley.  The principal activity of MSIP is the provision of 
financial services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and individual investors.  It is 
authorised and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the U.K. Prudential Regulation 
Authority.  MSIP has certain non-equity securities listed on the main market of the Luxembourg 
Exchange plc which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive. 
To the extent an entity other than MSIP will act as Swap Counterparty in respect of particular Series, 
the relevant Issuance Document will include relevant information in respect of such entity.

--- Page 159 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
159 
 
UNDERLYING ASSETS - DESCRIPTION 
The net proceeds of the Securities of a Series (either from a Secured Series or from an Unsecured Series) 
will be used by the Issuer to acquire bonds, notes or shares of any form, denomination, type and issue 
or other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document (“the Underlying Assets”).  The Issuer 
may enter into a swap (a “Swap”) with the Swap Counterparty, which references the Underlying Assets 
or interests in shares or interests in entities (including, but not limited to, companies, limited 
partnerships, unit trusts and contractual funds), share baskets, equity indices or commodity indices or 
as otherwise specified in the Issuance Document (“Reference Assets”), and whereby the Issuer obtains 
exposure to the Reference Assets.  Securities issued on the basis of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement 
that are to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market (as defined 
below) or GEM (as defined below), as applicable, will not be linked to Reference Assets (unless the 
relevant Securities are issued pursuant to a Series Prospectus).

--- Page 160 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
160 
 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
Securities to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only 
be issued under this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation where (i) the Swap Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II (an “EEA Regulated Market”), equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading 
on an EEA Regulated Market equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market (a “Specified 
Swap Counterparty”) and (ii) the Underlying Assets are assets having the following characteristics 
(“Specified Underlying Assets”): 
(i) 
senior, secured or unsecured bonds issued by any corporate or sovereign entity and admitted to 
trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market; 
or 
(ii) 
shares or interests, in companies (each a “Specified Underlying Issuer”) that are admitted to 
trading on an EEA Regulated Market equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market 
and of a type that conforms to the criteria set out in the general description of Specified 
Underlying Issuers below, each one as confirmed in the Final Terms relating to each particular 
Series.  Each Security will have as Underlying Asset one share or interest of the Specified 
Underlying Issuer applicable to such Series (such Security, a Single Share Security) or multiple 
shares or interest of one or multiple Specified Underlying Issuers (such Security, a Share Basket 
Security).  The Issuer will acquire the Underlying Shares at their prevailing net asset value for 
the Specified Underlying Issuers and/or enter into a Swap with the Specified Swap 
Counterparty, in each case which references the Underlying Shares and whereby the Issuer 
obtains exposure to the Underlying Shares; or 
(iii) 
in all other cases, the Swap Counterparty and the Underlying Assets in respect of a Series will 
be as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or Series Prospectus as applicable. 
General Description of Specified Underlying Issuers  
The general description in this section is applicable to the Specified Underlying Issuers in which the 
Issuer invests the net proceeds of the Securities of a particular Series and/or enters into a Swap in 
each case that references a Specified Underlying Issuer although each individual Specified 
Underlying Issuer need not conform with all of the criteria specified below, but each Specified 
Underlying Issuer must comply with the criteria set out at 2 below. 
1. A Specified Underlying Issuer  
A Specified Underlying Issuer may be incorporated in any jurisdiction, other than the United States, 
although is likely to be a Cayman Islands company. In the case of a Cayman Islands company, it is 
likely to be incorporated with limited liability as an exempted company under the provisions of the 
Companies Law (2013 Revision) of the Cayman Islands with its objects being unrestricted and include 
the carrying on of the business of an investment company. 
The Underlying Shares in a Specified Underlying Issuer will be specified in the Final Terms.  Where 
an application has been made for the Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin or other EU regulated 
market, the Underlying Shares will also be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
The Underlying Shares, where listed, will be admitted to the Official List and for trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  Annual audited financial statements are likely to be made up in 
each year and sent to shareholders and to the relevant exchange within six months of the financial year 
end.

--- Page 161 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
161 
 
The Specified Underlying Issuer will be opaque, that is, taxable as a corporation (and not a “flow 
through” entity), for U.S.  federal income tax purposes. 
2. The Offering by the Specified Underlying Issuer  
The Specified Underlying Issuer will publicly offer shares or other interests to investors. 
3. Operations of the Specified Underlying Issuer  
The Specified Underlying Issuer is likely to rely upon the services of a manager or an adviser for the 
day to day running of the business, including the management, operations and policies of the Specified 
Underlying Issuer or the investment decisions pursuant to the trading programs, methods, systems or 
other strategies which the Specified Underlying Issuer has selected. 
The Specified Underlying Issuer will have entered into various management, advisory and/or other 
agency agreements and the agents appointed thereunder will derive payment for their services to the 
Specified Underlying Issuer through various fee arrangements. 
4. Adviser to the Specified Underlying Issuer  
The duties of an adviser to the Specified Underlying Issuer are likely to include investing and 
reinvesting in exchange listed futures, forward, options contracts and other derivative instruments the 
amount of assets allocated to the adviser pursuant to the trading programs, methods, systems, strategies 
which the Specified Underlying Issuer has selected and in accordance with any trading policies, 
guidelines, restrictions, or limitations set out in any applicable advisory agreement. 
5. Investment by the Specified Underlying Issuer  
The investment and business objectives and strategy of each Specified Underlying Issuer will be 
detailed in the offering document for the Underlying Shares of such Specified Underlying Issuer.

--- Page 162 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
162 
 
TAXATION 
Jersey Taxation 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Securityholders (other than 
residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are understood to apply at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice.  It does not 
constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including 
such tax law and practice as they apply to any land or building situate in Jersey).  Prospective investors 
in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, 
selling or otherwise disposing of the Securities under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be 
liable to taxation. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 and on the basis that the Issuer is resident for 
tax purposes in Jersey and not a financial services company, a utility company or a large corporate 
retailer for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended, Memel and any Issuer are 
subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of  0%.  Payments in respect of the Securities may be paid by 
the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax and Securityholders 
(other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or 
other disposition of such Securities. 
If Memel or the Issuer derive any income from the ownership or development and disposal of land in 
Jersey, such income will be subject to tax at the rate of 20%.  It is not expected that Memel or the Issuer 
will derive any such income. 
Securityholders 
Dividends on Securities and redemption proceeds may be paid by the Issuer to non-Jersey resident 
Securityholders without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax.  Non-Jersey 
resident Securityholders will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other 
disposition of such Securities.  Non-Jersey resident Securityholders will be exempt from Jersey income 
tax on receipt of any distribution from the Issuer.  Securityholders who are resident in Jersey for tax 
purposes may be liable to pay income tax on distributions (including redemption proceeds) received 
from the Issuer. 
See also “Taxation in the United States – Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” and “Taxation in the 
United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 871(m)” below. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Jersey imposes a Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) on the taxable supply of goods and services in or 
imported into Jersey.  The current GST rate is 5%.  On the basis that the Issuer has obtained International 
Services Entity status, the Issuer is not: 
(a) 
required to register as a taxable person pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) 
Law 2007; 
(b) 
required to charge GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) required to pay GST 
in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it.

--- Page 163 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
163 
 
The directors of the Issuer intend to continue to conduct the business of the Issuer such that no GST 
will be incurred or be payable by the Issuer. 
Stamp duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue, acquisition, ownership, exchange, sale, transfer or other 
disposition of the Securities between living persons except that stamp duty is payable on Jersey grants 
of probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Securities on 
the death of a Securityholder of such Securities.  In the case of a grant of probate or letters of 
administration, stamp duty is levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situate in respect of a 
Securityholder domiciled in Jersey, or situate in Jersey in respect of a Securityholder domiciled outside 
Jersey).  Such duties are payable in respect of the net value of the estate (as at the date of death) rounded 
up to the nearest £10,000 at a rate of 0.5%. of the first £100,000 and 0.75%. thereafter up to a maximum 
net value of £13,360,000.  The rules for joint holders and holdings through a nominee are different and 
advice relating to this form of holding should be obtained from a professional advisor. 
Purchasers of Securities may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with the 
laws and practices of the country of purchase or other relevant jurisdiction. 
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor are there other 
estate duties. 
European Union Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income 
Following the repeal on 1 January 2016 of the EU Savings Tax Directive, and in line with steps taken 
by other relevant third countries, Jersey has suspended its system of automatic communication to EU 
Member States of information regarding payments made by certain Jersey collective investment 
vehicles to EU resident individuals.  The introduction of the Common Reporting Standard (see below) 
supersedes the information exchange arrangements previously in place. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD has developed a new global standard for the automatic exchange of financial information 
between tax authorities (the “Common Reporting Standard” or “CRS”).  The CRS has been 
implemented in the EU by way of the Revised Directive on Administrative Co-Operation (Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU).  Jersey is a signatory to the CRS and commenced exchange of information 
with tax authorities of other signatory jurisdictions in September 2017. 
Jersey legislation which implements the CRS in Jersey came into effect on 1 January 2016 (the “Jersey 
CRS Legislation”). 
In summary, the Jersey CRS Legislation requires “reporting financial institutions” in Jersey to identify, 
review and report on “financial accounts” maintained by them and which are held by residents for tax 
purposes (whether individuals or entities) of jurisdictions with which Jersey has agreed to exchange 
information.  The reporting deadline for Jersey reporting financial institutions to report to the States of 
Jersey Comptroller of Taxes is 30 June in the year following the calendar year to which the return 
relates. 
Reports will be made to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes and then passed to the competent 
authority of the jurisdiction in which the account holder is resident.  Although the Issuer will attempt to 
satisfy any obligations imposed on it by the CRS, no assurance can be given that it will be able to satisfy 
such obligations.  Implementation of the CRS may require the Issuer to conduct additional due diligence 
and report upon accounts held with it by Securityholders who are reportable persons in other 
participating jurisdictions.  The Issuer may require certain additional financial information from 
Securityholders to comply with its due diligence and reporting obligations under the CRS.

--- Page 164 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
164 
 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under the CRS may result in penalties being 
imposed on the Issuer and in such event, the target returns of the Issuer may be materially affected.  All 
prospective Securityholders must agree to provide the Issuer at the time or times prescribed by 
applicable law and at such times reasonably requested by the Issuer such information and 
documentation (whether relating to themselves, their investors and/or beneficial owners) prescribed by 
applicable law and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Issuer as may be 
necessary for the Issuer to comply with its obligations under CRS. 
Prospective Securityholders should, as with FATCA, consult their tax advisors with regard to the 
potential CRS tax reporting and certification requirements associated with an investment in the Issuer.  
It is further recommended that Securityholders who are entities consider themselves whether they have 
any obligations to notify their respective investors, Securityholders or account holders about the 
information that the Issuer requests, and the potential disclosures that the Issuer will be obliged to make 
in connection with those persons in complying with its obligations under CRS. 
Economic substance 
In response to concerns raised in 2017 by the EU Code of Conduct Group on Business Taxation in 
relation to the need for relevant businesses to demonstrate economic substance in the jurisdiction in 
which they are resident for taxation purposes (including Jersey), Jersey has enacted the Taxation 
(Companies - Economic Substance) (Jersey) Law 2019, which we refer to as the “Substance Law”.  
The Substance Law applies to financial periods of Jersey resident bodies corporate starting on or after 1 
January 2019.  The Substance Law is administered by the Jersey Comptroller of Revenue, who has 
produced guidance as to its application (in conjunction with the other Crown Dependencies).  The 
Substance Law applies to Jersey tax resident companies that carry on banking, insurance, fund 
management, financing and leasing, headquarters, shipping, and holding company or intellectual 
property activities and are in receipt of gross income arising from such activities in any relevant 
financial period.  It imposes certain requirements including that such companies be directed and 
managed in Jersey, have core income-generating activities in Jersey and have an adequate level of 
employees, expenditures and premises in Jersey.  If any of the relevant activities are performed by a 
Jersey resident company, there is a requirement to satisfy the economic substance test as set out in the 
Substance Law. 
The Issuer is not expected to perform any of the relevant activities as defined in the Substance Law 
based on the currently available guidance. 
The Directors of the Issuer will review this regularly to ensure it remains the case. 
In order to avoid the Issuer being subject to withholding taxes or penalties, all investors must 
agree to provide the Issuer at times reasonably requested by the Issuer with such information and 
documentation (whether relating to themselves, their investors and/or beneficial owners) 
reasonably requested by the Issuer. 
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position you should consult your professional tax adviser. 
Taxation in the United States — Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
U.S. legislation commonly referred to as “FATCA” generally imposes a withholding tax of 30% on 
payments to certain non-U.S. person (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain 
financial instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have 
been satisfied.  An intergovernmental agreement (an “IGA”) between the United States and the non-
U.S. person’s jurisdiction may modify these requirements.  This legislation generally applies to certain 
financial institutions that are treated as paying U.S.-source interest or dividends or other U.S.-source 
“fixed or determinable annual or periodical” income.  Withholding (if applicable) applies to any 
payment of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend equivalent payments (as discussed

--- Page 165 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
165 
 
below under “Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
Section 871(m)”) on the Securities.  Further, although under current law withholding under FATCA 
does not apply any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including upon retirement) of the 
Securities, FATCA may apply withholding on gross proceeds in the future to Securities treated as 
providing for U.S.-source interest or dividends (including dividend equivalent payments).  Similarly, 
although, under current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply to payments of non-U.S.-source 
income, such withholding could apply under future U.S. Treasury regulations with respect to certain 
“foreign passthru payments.”  However, proposed Regulations delay the effective date on withholding 
on any such foreign passthru payments to no earlier than two years after issuance of final regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payment.”  If the terms of a Security are subject to a “significant 
modification”, the Security generally will be treated as reissued at the time of the significant 
modification.  In such a case, the Security’s issue date for purposes of any rules that apply to securities 
issued on or after a specific date will be based on the date of the modification and not the original issue 
date.  If withholding applies to the Securities, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts including with respect to amounts withheld under FATCA.  Prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of FATCA to the Securities. 
In addition, in order to comply with its own obligations under FATCA (including an IGA), the Issuer 
may require each Securityholder to provide certifications and identifying information about itself and 
certain of its owners.  The Issuer may force the sale in any reasonable manner of a Security held by a 
Securityholder that fails to provide the requested information.  The amount received for a Security could 
be less than its then fair market value and the Issuer shall have no liability for any shortfall. 
FATCA IS PARTICULARLY COMPLEX AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE ISSUER, THE 
SECURITIES AND THE HOLDERS OF SECURITIES IS UNCERTAIN AT THIS TIME.  EACH 
HOLDER OF SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN A MORE 
DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND ADVICE ON HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT IT 
IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Taxation in the United States – Income on Certain Series Treated as U.S. Source Income for 
U.S. Withholding tax Purposes 
Although the Securities will be issued by a non-U.S. entity, income on the Securities of certain Series 
may be at risk of being considered to arise in whole or in part from sources within the United States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, with respect to those Series, the Issuer will (and assumes 
intermediaries also will) treat all income as arising from sources within the United States and will make 
payments free of U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies it with 
appropriate U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E. The Issuance Document for a Series will indicate that the Issuer intends to treat the income 
on that Series as arising from sources in the United States, if applicable. 
Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
Section 871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder 
(“Section 871(m)”) impose a withholding tax of 30% (or lower treaty rate applicable to dividends) on 
certain “dividend equivalent payments” paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. investors in certain financial 
instruments linked to U.S. equities (including distributions with respect to certain partnerships) or 
indices that include U.S. equities.  Subject to the discussion below concerning Securities issued before 1 
January 2025, a Security linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (a “U.S. equity 
linked Security”) will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime if at issuance it 
(i) has a “delta” of 0.80 or higher with respect to the underlying U.S. equity or (ii) substantially 
replicates the economic performance of the underlying U.S. equity, as determined by a “substantial 
equivalence” test that, among other factors, takes into account the initial number of shares of the 
underlying U.S. equity needed to hedge the transaction fully.  The tests described above are set forth in

--- Page 166 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
166 
 
the regulations, and the applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant U.S. equity linked 
Security.  Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked Security 
does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend.  The regulations provide for 
certain exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-
based indices (a “qualified index”) that meet standards set forth in the regulations. 
Under a notice issued by the of IRS, Section 871(m) will not apply to Securities issued before 1 January 
2025, that do not have a “delta” of one with respect to any U.S. equity.  If the terms of a U.S. equity 
linked Security are subject to a “significant modification”, the U.S. equity linked Security will 
generally be treated as reissued at the time of the significant modification.  The substitution of an 
alternative rate for LIBOR with respect to a Security referencing a Relevant Rate Benchmark may be 
treated as a significant modification. 
The calculations of “delta” are generally made at the “calculation date”, which is the earlier of (i) the 
time of pricing of the Securities, i.e. when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance 
of the Securities.  However, if the time of pricing is more than fourteen (14) calendar days before the 
issuance of the Securities, the calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Securities.  In those 
circumstances, information regarding the final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be 
available only after the issuance of the Securities.  As a result, a Non-U.S. Securityholder should acquire 
such a Security only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as subject to withholding. 
The amount of a “dividend equivalent payment” is equal to, for a “simple” contract, the product of 
(a) the per-share dividend amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity referenced in 
each U.S. equity linked Security and (c) the delta, and for a “complex” contract, the product of (x) the 
per-share dividend amount and (y) the initial hedge. 
The dividend equivalent payment amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record date of the 
dividend and (b) the day prior to the ex-dividend date.  Withholding will be imposed on the dividend 
equivalent payment amount generally on the later of (a) the determination date of the dividend 
equivalent payment amount and (b) the next date on which a payment on the U.S. equity linked Security 
is made to the non-U.S. investor (including any disposition or redemption of the Security). 
The Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Security is subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) by performing the calculations described above.  If withholding is required, the Issuer 
will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the amounts so withheld. 
The Issuer’s determination is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with this determination.  
Section 871(m) is complex, and its application may depend on the non-U.S. Securityholder’s particular 
circumstances.  For example, the application of Section 871(m) may be affected if a non-U.S. 
Securityholder enters into another transaction in connection with the acquisition of a U.S. equity linked 
Security.  Accordingly, non-U.S. Securityholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
potential application of Section 871(m) to the Securities in their particular circumstances. 
The applicable Issuance Document will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Securities are 
subject to Section 871(m) and, if so, will specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Securities.  If Securities are subject to Section 871(m), 
a non-U.S. holder of the Securities should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-
paying U.S. securities underlying those Securities. 
Withholding on Payments Received by the Issuer on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in respect 
of U.S. Equities; Double Withholding 
Alphabeta Securities.  Alphabeta is a “qualified derivatives dealer” (“QDD”) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes.  As a QDD, Alphabeta is not subject to U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalent 
payments it receives on the swaps it enters into with the Swap Counterparty over U.S. equities. There

--- Page 167 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
167 
 
can be no assurance Aphabeta will be able to maintain its QDD status. If Alphabeta loses its status 
as a QDD, dividend equivalent payments in relation to U.S. dividends it receives on its swaps will be 
subject to a 30% withholding tax, which will be passed on to the holders of the Securities.  This 30% 
tax is in addition to, and is not offset by, a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid (or deemed 
paid) on the Securities.  None of these withholdings will be grossed-up.  Accordingly, in the event the 
Issuer loses its status as a QDD, the Security holders will economically suffer two deductions of 30% 
(this is colloquially referred to as “Double Withholding”).  See “Memel Securities” immediately below 
for a further discussion of Double Withholding. 
Memel Securities.  Memel does not currently intend to become a QDD for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  See “Alphabeta Securities” immediately above.  Accordingly, where Section 871(m) 
Security is subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer generally expects that it will be 
subject to an additional 30% withholding tax on the income it earns on the assets that the Issuer uses to 
hedge its exposure under the Section 871(m) Security.  To offset the potential cost of such withholding, 
the Issuer will assess an additional 30% charge against gross amounts of dividend equivalent payments 
made on such Section 871(m) Securities.  This 30% charge is referred to herein as “Double 
Withholding” and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed under Section 871(m) itself.  
The amount of income that will be withheld under section 871(m) will be computed without regard to 
any double withholding.  Further, for simplicity, Double Withholding will be computed as 30% of the 
dividend equivalent payments made on a Section 871(m) Security without any attempt to determine the 
specific amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s assets attributable to the hedging of any particular 
Section 871(m) Security.  Thus, the total amount that is effectively withheld will be 60% of any 
dividend equivalents payments.  The Double Withholding likely will (and a portion of the withholding 
under Section 871(m) may) be treated as an adjustment to the amount payable on the Security and not 
as a withholding tax for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes, such as determining the amount of any foreign 
tax credit. 
Treaty Benefits and Foreign Tax Credits 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other Clearing 
Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any 
U.S. equity linked Security that is necessary for an investor to obtain a reduced rate of withholding on 
dividend equivalent payments.  Thus, the Issuer will not be able to reliably associate dividend equivalent 
payments with valid documentation and will be required to withhold from dividend equivalent 
payments at a rate of 30%.  If the beneficial owner of a Security is entitled to a reduced rate of 
withholding under a treaty, this will result in over-withholding.  Non-U.S. investors should consult with 
their tax advisers regarding an investment in the Securities (including the possibility of obtaining a 
refund of the U.S. withholding tax). 
In addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim a foreign tax credit in the country of its residence 
(i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to qualify for a reduced rate under a treaty and (ii) in 
respect of Double Withholding. 
Taxation in the United States Affects United States Persons Indirectly Acquiring an Interest in 
the Securities 
The characterization of a Security (and the Issuer) for U.S. tax purposes may affect the U.S. tax 
treatment of a U.S. taxpayer that holds (directly or indirectly) an equity interest in a holder of a Security 
(an “Indirect U.S. Holder”) and may not be a suitable investment for such a person.  Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the characterization of the Securities (and the 
Issuer) for U.S. tax purposes and the effects that the characterization may have on the direct and indirect 
holders of their securities.  The Issuer is not obligated, and does not intend, to provide information 
necessary for an Indirect U.S. Holder to make certain tax elections or otherwise comply with its U.S. tax 
reporting obligations.

--- Page 168 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
168

--- Page 169 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
169 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer Agreement 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the “Dealer”), entered into to a dealer agreement, as may be 
amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in respect of the Securities to be issued under 
the Programme (the “Dealer Agreement”) and pursuant to the Dealer Agreement will agree to 
subscribe or procure subscribers for the Securities of each Series at the issue price specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document for such Securities.  Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will 
agree to indemnify the Dealer against certain liabilities, incurred in connection with the issue of the 
Securities.  The Dealer Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Dealer upon no less than 
fifteen (15) days’ written notice to the other parties.  Pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, the Dealer 
will agree to pay for certain of the operating expenses of the Issuer, incurred in connection with the 
issue of the Securities. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Dealer Agreement, the Dealer: 
(a) 
on an Issue Date, will agree to subscribe and pay for the maximum number of the Securities 
available in such Series at their issue price, provided the subscription conditions precedent are 
satisfied; 
(b) 
will agree to, on each Underlying Asset Subscription Date on which new or existing 
Securityholders have agreed to purchase further Custodian Securities from the Dealer, purchase 
the same such number of Custodian Securities from the Series Custodian at a price per 
Custodian Security equal to the purchase price of Securities on the relevant Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date. 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer an amount of 
Securities set out in the Issuance Document at a price per Security equal to their issue price. 
The purchase of Securities by the Dealer is conditional upon there not having been any adverse change, 
development or event reasonably likely to involve a prospective adverse change in the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer which is material in the context of the transaction and on the 
subscription conditions precedent being satisfied on the relevant date.  The representations and 
warranties that will be given by the Issuer on the Issue Date for a Series and on each date on which 
Custodian Securities are purchased by the Dealer from the Issuer are as follows: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and Issuance Document for the relevant Series (apart from the 
issue price of the Securities of such Series, the repurchase price of the Custodian 
Securities, the purchase price of Series Assets and details of Series Assets purchased 
on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Securities are sold to the Dealer) 
contains all the information with respect to the Issuer and to the relevant Securities 
which is material in the context of the issue and purchase of the relevant Securities; 
(ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus and Issuance Document for the 
relevant Series (apart from the issue price of the Securities of such Series, the 
repurchase Custodian Securities, the purchase price of the Series Assets being 
purchased on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Securities are sold 
to the Dealer, and whether the Securities are Secured Securities or Unsecured 
Securities) relating to the Issuer are in every material way true and accurate and not 
misleading; 
(iii) 
there are no other facts (apart from the issue price of the Securities of such Series, the 
repurchase price of the Custodian Securities, the purchase price of the Series Assets 
being purchased on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Securities are

--- Page 170 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
170 
 
sold to the Dealer, and whether the Securities are Secured Securities or Unsecured 
Securities) in relation to the Issuer the omission of which would, in the context of the 
issue and sale of the relevant series of Securities, make any statement in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Issuance Document misleading in any respect; 
(iv) 
the Issuer (i) in the case of Securities issued by Memel acting in respect of its protected 
cells from time to time, has been duly created as a protected cell of Memel, which is a 
protected cell company with limited liability and is validly existing under the laws of 
its jurisdiction of incorporation, or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by Alphabeta, 
has been duly incorporated as a company with limited liability and is validly existing 
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; 
(v) 
the financial statements (if any) of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with 
the requirements of law and with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or recognition, as the case may be, of the Issuer 
consistently applied and they give a one and fair view of the financial position of the 
Issuer as at the dates at which they were prepared (the “relevant date”), and of the 
results of the operations of the Issuer for the periods in respect of which they have been 
prepared and, since the relevant date, there has not been any material adverse change 
or any development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
the Secured Securities of each Series and the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Transaction Documents will be secured by and in accordance with the Principal Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
other than as created by the provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, in respect 
of the Secured Series only, there exists no mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest or 
other charge over any part of the Issuer’s assets or undertaking which, had the Principal 
Trust Deed been executed and the Securities of any Series been issued, would rank in 
priority to or pari passu with the security for the Secured Securities of such Secured 
Series; 
(viii) 
the issue of the Securities and the execution of the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party and the creation of the security, in respect of the Secured Series only, for the 
Secured Securities have been duly authorised by the Issuer and that upon due execution, 
issue and delivery the same will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Issuer enforceable in accordance with their respective terms subject to the laws of 
bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally; 
(ix) 
the authorisation of the Programme and the Securities to be issued thereunder and the 
security, in respect of the Secured Series only, therefor under the Principal Trust Deed, 
the offering and issue of the Securities on the terms and conditions contained in this 
Agreement and in the Base Prospectus and the execution and delivery by the Issuer of 
each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and compliance by the Issuer 
with the terms of such of those Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a 
party: 
(a) 
do not, and will not on the Issue Date of any Series conflict with, or result in a 
breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, the 
constitutive documents of the Issuer or any applicable laws and regulations of 
its jurisdiction of incorporation or recognition, as the case may be, which 
would materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents; and

--- Page 171 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
171 
 
(b) 
do not, and will not on the Issue Date of any Series infringe the terms of, or 
constitute a default under, any trust deed, agreement or other instrument or 
obligation to which the Issuer is a party or by which the Issuer or any part of 
its properties, undertaking, assets or revenues are bound, where such 
infringement or default might reasonably be expected to have a material 
adverse effect in the context of the issue of the Securities of the relevant Series; 
(x) 
the Issuer is not involved in any litigation or arbitration proceedings relating to claims 
or amounts which are material in the context of the Programme or the issue of any 
Series nor, so far as the Issuer is aware, is any such litigation or arbitration pending or 
threatened; 
(xi) 
all consents and approvals of any court, government department or other regulatory 
body required by the Issuer for the execution and delivery of the Dealer Agreement and 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the issue and distribution of 
Securities and the performance of the terms of the Securities and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party have been obtained and are in full force and effect; 
(xii) 
no event has occurred which would constitute (after the issue of any Securities) an 
Event of Default (under Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities) 
or a Potential Event of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event or Mandatory Cash 
Settlement Event (as applicable) under the Securities or which with the giving of notice 
or the lapse of time or other condition would (after the issue of any Securities) 
constitute an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default or a Mandatory 
Redemption Event or Mandatory Cash Settlement Date (as applicable); 
(xiii) 
the Issuer has not engaged in any activities since its recognition or incorporation (other 
than those incidental to its registration under the laws of its jurisdiction of recognition 
and over any other jurisdiction in which it seeks to establish a branch and other 
appropriate steps including the arrangements for the payment of fees to its directors, to 
the authorisation of the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Securities and 
the entry into and performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents and 
the Alternative Programme Agreements to which it is a party and the matters 
contemplated in the Base Prospectus); nor has it paid any dividends nor made any 
distributions (other than dividends of up to US$750 per Series (if any) or other series 
under alternative programmes of the Issuer) since its recognition or incorporation; 
(xiv) 
the Issuer has not offered and will not offer any Securities to the public in any 
jurisdictions where such an offer would contravene any relevant law, regulation or 
directive; 
(xv) 
(in respect of each Series agreed to be issued and subscribed for as contemplated 
herein) neither the Issuer, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) 
nor any persons (other than the Dealer) acting on its or their behalf have engaged or 
will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) in respect of the 
Securities and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of such Regulation and neither the Issuer, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage, in any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the 
Securities Act) in connection with any offer or sale of Securities in the United States; 
(xvi) 
the Issuer is a “foreign issuer” (as such term is defined in Regulation S) which 
reasonably believes that there is no “substantial U.S. market interest” (as such term is 
defined in Regulation S) in the Issuer’s debt securities;

--- Page 172 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
172 
 
(xvii) neither the Issuer, nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation D”)), nor any person acting on its or their behalf 
has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in, or that has 
constituted or which might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, the stabilisation 
in violation of applicable laws or manipulation of the price of any security of the Issuer 
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities; 
(xviii) neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act), nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any 
“directed selling efforts” (within the meaning of Rule 902) with respect to the 
Securities; 
(xix) 
neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D), 
nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in 
connection with any offer and sale of the Securities; 
(xx) 
the outstanding securities of the Issuer are owned exclusively by persons who are not 
U.S. persons and the Issuer is not making and does not propose to make a public 
offering in the United States of its securities (terms used in this paragraph are used as 
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”) 
except that “U.S. persons” shall have the meaning specified in Regulation S); 
(xxi) 
that: 
a. it has not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts (within the 
meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale 
of the Securities; and 
b. it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Securities in the United States by means of any form of general solicitation or 
general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act; 
and 
c. neither the Issuer nor any of its respective affiliates or any person (other than the 
Dealer) acting on its or their behalf, has made or will make offers or sales of any 
securities under circumstances that would require the registration of any of the 
Securities under the Securities Act or registration of the Issuer under the 
Investment Company Act. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer which would or is intended to permit a public offer 
of Securities of a Series in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, the Dealer has undertaken that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Securities 
of a Series or distribute or publish any Base Prospectus, prospectus, form of application, advertisement 
or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement 
or other material may be distributed in or from or published in any country or jurisdiction except under 
circumstances which will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations and all offers and sales of Securities by it will be made on the same terms.

--- Page 173 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
173 
 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as such terms are used 
in Regulation S) except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The Issuer has not registered and will not register under 
the Investment Company Act.  Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws 
of any state in the United States, and are subject to U.S. tax requirements.  The Securities may not be 
offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States (which term 
includes the territories, the possessions and all other areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United States 
of America) or to or for the account or benefit of a “U.S. Person” (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to any person who falls outside the 
definition of “Non-United States Person” (as defined in rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) of the rules of the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission) or to any “U.S. Person” within the meaning of the final rules promulgated 
under Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1940, as amended. 
The Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus and any Issuance Document have been prepared by the Issuer for use in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Securities outside the United States to non-U.S. persons.  This 
Base Prospectus and any Issuance Document do not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States or to any U.S. person.  Distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or any Issuance Document by 
any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any person within the United 
States is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of their contents, without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer, is prohibited. 
In addition, the Securities may not be transferred or held by any person that is a “United States 
Person” within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), the Dealer has represented and agreed that 
with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that 
Relevant Member State (the “Relevant Implementation Date”) it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Securities to the public in that Relevant 
Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
Dealer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation

--- Page 174 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
174 
 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any 
Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity or expiration of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not prior to the consent of the Jersey Registrar pursuant 
to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended being obtained and becoming 
effective, circulated an invitation to acquire or apply for any Securities in circumstances where such 
invitation constitutes or may constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991, as amended or the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended.  For 
the avoidance of any doubt, this Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended or the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) 
Order 2002, as amended and it is not necessary for the prior consent of the Jersey Registrar pursuant to 
the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended to be obtained or become 
effective, prior to the circulation of an invitation to acquire or apply for any Securities under this 
Programme and constituted under this Base Prospectus only. 
Germany 
The Securities may only be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the Federal Republic 
of Germany in compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) of

--- Page 175 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
175 
 
June 22, 2005, as amended from time to time, or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that the Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold 
or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance 
with the German Securities Prospectus Act or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any accompanying Prospectus Supplement nor any other offer 
document in relation to the Securities have been approved by the German Federal Financial Services 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”)) nor have they been 
notified to BaFin by any competent authority in accordance with § 17(3) of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If a Issuance Document includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Dealer will be deemed to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any relevant Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by such Issuance Document in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic AreaIssuance Document: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If a Issuance Document includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
Dealer will be deemed to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any relevant Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by such Issuance Document in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client,

--- Page 176 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
176 
 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in respect of any Series.

--- Page 177 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
177 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised: 
(a) 
in respect of Memel, by a resolution of the Memel Board on 25 March 2021.  This Base 
Prospectus was presented to the Memel Board in connection with the update of the 
Programme and approved by resolutions of the Memel Board passed on or around the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  The issue of each Series will be authorised by a separate 
resolution of the Memel Board; and 
(b) 
in respect of Alphabeta, by a resolution of the Alphabeta Board on 27 September 2021.  
This Base Prospectus was presented to the Alphabeta Board in connection with the 
update of the Programme and approved by resolutions of the Alphabeta Board passed 
on or around the date of this Base Prospectus.  The issue of each Series will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Alphabeta Board. 
(2) 
All other authorisations, consents and approvals required to be obtained by the Issuers (if any) 
for, or in connection with, the creation of the Programme and issue of the Series, the execution, 
delivery and performance by the Issuer of the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it under 
the Relevant Agreements to which it is a party and the distribution of this Base Prospectus have 
been (or will, prior to the Issue Date, be) obtained and are in full force and effect. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since, in respect of 
Memel, 31 December 2021 and in respect of Alphabeta, 31 December 2022. 
(4) 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings being 
pending or threatened. 
(5) 
For so long as any of the Securities may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, electronic 
copies of the following documents will be (i) available for inspection respectively on the 
Morgan Stanley website (https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents) and (ii) incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents in respect of the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed in respect of the relevant Issuer; 
(c) 
the annual accounts of Alphabeta in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022; and 
(d) 
the annual accounts of Memel in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021, 
(6) 
The information on the Morgan Stanley website (https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents) 
does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless such information has been expressly 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
(7) 
The Issuer intends that some Series will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg systems.  The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) (if any) for each Series will be set out in the relevant Issuance 
Document.

--- Page 178 ---
LEGAL_EU # 34852386.12 
 
 
178 
 
(8) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issue of Series in respect of 
which Final Terms are required for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
[MEMEL CAPITAL PCC (THE “COMPANY”) ACTING IN RESPECT OF [●] 
PC]/[ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD] 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): [[Memel: 
635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75]/[Alphabeta: 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96]] 
(THE “ISSUER”) 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OR NUMBER OF SECURITIES OF SERIES] 
[TITLE OF SECURITIES] 
under the 
Secured and Unsecured Note and Certificate Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated [⚫].  In addition, “US$”, 
“USD” or “$” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US Dollars.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated [•] (as amended and/or 
restated from time to time) [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] and [⚫]].  
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) and at the website of the GSX (www.gsx.gi) [[and] during normal 
business hours at [⚫]] [and copies may be obtained from [⚫]]. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
                                                     
1 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Securities are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors and 
ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each 
as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-
                                                     
2 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Securities are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)]/[COBS] and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice, and portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable.4] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
The Securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Securities. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be 
deleted prior to completing these Final Terms.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
[Memel Capital PCC acting in respect of 
[●] PC]/[Alphabeta Access Products 
Ltd.] (the “Issuer”) 
(2) 
 
Series Number: 
[●] [The Securities are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with [●]] 
(3) 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
                                                     
3 Delete as appropriate. 
4 Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
(4) 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(5) 
 
[Final Valuation Date]: 
[●] 
(6) 
 
[Maturity Date][Expiration Date]: 
[Delete as applicable] 
[●], 
unless 
redeemed 
earlier 
in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
(7) 
 
[Maturity 
Date 
Extension][Expiration 
Date 
Extension] (Condition 9(a)(ii)): 
[Delete as applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[specify] 
(9) 
 
[Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount][Number of Units] of 
Securities to be issued as at the 
Issue Date: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes is 
[⚫]] 
[Number of Units of Certificates is [⚫]] 
(10) 
 
Issue 
Price 
(face 
value) 
per 
Security: 
[●] 
(11) 
 
Maximum number of Securities in 
the Series on the Issue Date: 
[●] 
(12) 
 
Purchase Price (amount payable at 
Issue Date) per Security: 
[●] 
(13) 
 
Dealer purchase price (at Issue 
Date): 
[Item 9 x item 10] 
(14) 
 
Number 
of 
Securities 
to 
be 
repurchased by the Issuer (at Issue 
Date) (Custodian Securities): 
[●] 
(15) 
 
Issuer repurchase price (purchase 
price of the Custodian Securities) 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 12 x item 10] 
(16) 
 
Trading method: 
[Unit]/[Nominal Amount]/[specify] 
(17) 
 
Status of the Securities: 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] [limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(18) 
 
(A) 
[If Secured]: 
Mortgaged Property: 
[(i) Underlying Assets – 
Bonds/Notes/Shares: 
 
 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares] [specify] 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] [in principal amount of]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
[insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
[●] 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[●] 
 
Nature of business: 
[●] 
Regulated market on 
which admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
Asset:  
[●] 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
Status: 
[●] 
 
Legal nature: 
[●] 
 
Governing law: 
[●] 
 
Clearing: 
[●] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: [●] 
[Hyperlink to 
documentation relating 
to Underlying 
Assets: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the 
[Cash Account Agreement dated [date]] / 
[Custody Agreement].] 
[Initial 
Cash 
Account 
Amount: 
[zero/specify amount]]

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
(i) Agency Agreement (to the extent that 
such rights relate to sums held to meet 
payments 
due 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Securities); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares], 
the 
Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is a party 
or and as specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 
(B) 
[If Unsecured]: 
 
 
Unsecured Series Property: 
[(i) Underlying Assets – 
Bonds/Note/Shares: 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares] [Specify] 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] [in principal amount of] 
[insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
[●] 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[●] 
 
Nature of business: 
[●] 
Regulated market on 
which admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
Asset:  
[●] 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
Status: 
[●] 
 
Legal nature: 
[●] 
 
Governing law: 
[●]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Clearing: 
[●] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: [●] 
[Hyperlink to 
documentation relating 
to Underlying 
Assets: 
[●]] 
For issuances under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation for both 
Secured 
Securities 
Unsecured Securities 
the 
following 
disclosure is required: 
Description of the market 
on which the Shares are 
traded: 
[EEA regulated market, equivalent third 
country market or SME growth market] 
 
Date of establishment of 
the market: 
[•] 
 
How price information is 
published: 
[•] 
 
Indication of Daily Trading 
Volumes: 
[•] 
 
Information 
as 
to 
the 
standing of the market in 
the country: 
[•] 
 
Frequency 
with 
which 
prices are published: 
[•] 
 
The name of the markets 
regulatory authority: 
[•] 
 
[Documentation 
[Insert electronic link to where the 
documentation in relation to the Shares 
can be found on the regulated or 
equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market]] 
 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
 
If applicable: 
 
 
[The custody agreement made between, 
among others, the Custodian and the 
Issuer on [date].] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable:

--- Page 186 ---
186 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the 
[Cash Account Agreement dated [date]] / 
[Custody Agreement].] 
[Initial 
Cash 
Account 
Amount: 
[zero/specify amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
(i) Agency Agreement (to the extent that 
such rights relate to sums held to meet 
payments 
due 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Securities); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares], and/or the Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is a party 
or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.] 
(19) 
 
Income on the Securities Treated as 
U.S. Source Income: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Although the Securities will be issued 
by a non-U.S. entity, income on the 
Securities may be considered to arise in 
whole or in part from sources within the 
United States.  Accordingly, as a matter 
of prudence, subject to “U.S. withholding 
on Dividend Equivalent Payments” 
discussed below, the Issuer will (and 
assumes intermediaries also will) treat all 
income as arising from sources within the 
United States and will make payments 
free of U.S. withholding (and backup 
withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification and certification forms, 
typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E. 
For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a 
certification or other document will be 
treated as “required by law” if it actually 
is required by law or would be required 
by law if the income from the Securities 
were treated as arising from sources 
within the United States for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.]5 
(20) 
 
U.S. Withholding 
on 
Dividend 
Equivalents: 
[Not applicable. There can be no 
assurance Double Withholding will not 
                                                     
5 Include bracketed language if “Applicable” is selected for “Income on the Securities Treated as U.S. Source Income.”

--- Page 187 ---
187 
apply over the life of the Security] / 
[Applicable] 
(21) 
 
Double Withholding at issuance: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable]6 
(22) 
 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[The custody agreement made between, 
among others, the Custodian and the 
Issuer on [date].] 
[The [Bonds/Notes/Shares] will be held 
in a securities account maintained by or 
on behalf of the Custodian in accordance 
with 
the 
terms 
of 
the 
Custody 
Agreement.] 
(23) 
 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
[Fixed Rate Securities]/[Floating Rate 
Securities]/[Single 
Share 
Securities/Share 
Basket 
Securities]7/[Zero Coupon Securities] 
(24) 
 
Instructing 
Creditor 
(See 
Conditions 3(d), 
9(b)(v), 
12 
and 13): 
The Securityholders 
(25) 
 
Credit Event: 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation 
Default]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restru
cturing] in relation to the Underlying 
Assets 
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit 
Definitions] 
(26) 
 
Order of Priority (as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed date on or 
about the date of these Final Terms, 
in connection with the issue of the 
Securities in connection with these 
Final Terms (the “Supplemental 
Trust Deed”)): 
[Counterparty Priority]/[Securityholder 
Priority]/[Other Priority: [⚫]] 
[Specify 
if 
“Other 
Priority” 
is 
applicable] 
                                                     
6 In general, Double Withholding will apply to Memel Securities to which “U.S. Withholding Applies to Dividend Equivalents” is 
applicable.  Double Withholding generally will not apply to Alphabeta securities (unless it loses its QDD status). 
7 Only Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities where the Underlying Assets are shares listed on an EEA regulated market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(27) 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The Issuer will invest [⚫] of the issuance 
proceeds in the purchase of the 
Underlying Assets [and the Issuer will 
enter into a Swap with the Swap 
Counterparty]. 
(28) 
 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(29) 
 
Fixed Rate Securities: 
[If Fixed Rate Securities are 
“Applicable” include the following 
details, otherwise delete]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 
(ii) [Fixed Coupon Amount]: 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) [Broken Amount]: 
[Specify] 
(30) 
 
Floating Rate Securities: 
[If Floating Rate Securities are 
“Applicable” include the following 
details, otherwise delete] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) [Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) [Reference Rate]; 
[If SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate include (iii) to (vii) 
below, otherwise delete]: 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 
(iii) [SONIA Compound with 
Lookback]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) [Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(v) 
[SONIA 
Compound 
Observation Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) [Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(vii) [Relevant Screen Page]: 
[Specify] 
 
(viii) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) [Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 
(x) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) [Linear Interpolation]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(31) 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(32) 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(33) 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(34) 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(35) 
 
Zero Coupon Security Provision: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(36) 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(38) 
 
[Single Share Securities]/[Share 
Basket Securities]8: 
(if Single Share Securities or Share 
Basket 
Securities 
are 
“Applicable”, 
include 
the 
following 
details, 
otherwise 
delete:) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Underlying Share or Shares: 
[insert details of Underlying Share or 
Shares] 
 
(ii) Specified Underlying Issuer or 
Issuers: 
[insert details of Specified Underlying 
Issuer or Issuers] 
 
(iii) Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange] 
 
(iv) Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
 
(vii) Coupon Amount: 
[include details of the formula for 
calculating 
the 
applicable 
Coupon 
Amount] 
 
(viii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Determination Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include 
details of the relevant Valuation Dates, 
Observation Dates or Determination 
Dates] 
 
(ix) Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If “Applicable”, specify consequence of 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
“Omission”. 
 
“Postponement” 
or 
“Modified Postponement”] 
 
(x) Determination Time[s]: 
[•] 
                                                     
8Only Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities where the Underlying Assets are shares listed on an EEA regulated market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO BENCHMARK DISCONTINUANCE OR PROHIBITION ON 
USE (Condition 8(d)) 
(39) 
 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
[Specify] 
(40) 
 
Early Redemption/Cash Settlement 
Amount 
(Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(41) 
 
Early Redemption/Cash Settlement 
Amount 
(Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [REDEMPTION][CASH SETTLEMENT] 
(42) 
 
Issuer has the right to redeem 
Securities in its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(43) 
 
[Redemption Amount][Final Cash 
Settlement Amount]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Final Cash Settlement 
Amount” and where the Securities 
are 
Certificates, 
delete 
“Redemption Amount”] 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed, 
or 
purchased and cancelled in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Issuer shall 
redeem 
the 
Securities 
on 
the 
[Maturity][Expiration] Date at an amount 
equal to [•]. [Insert details for calculating 
final redemption/cash settlement amount 
and early redemption/cash settlement 
amount.] 
(44) 
 
[If Security is a Zero Coupon 
Security, include the below details, 
otherwise delete] 
[Amortisation Yield:] 
 
 
[•] 
(45) 
 
Securityholder has the right to 
redeem the Securities prior to 
[Maturity][Expiration]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(46) 
 
Purchase at Issuer’s Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(47) 
 
[Redemption][Cash Settlement] by 
Instalments: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Cash Settlement” and 
where 
the 
Securities 
are 
Certificates, delete “Redemption”] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(48) 
 
Exchange 
of 
Securities 
for 
Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(49) 
 
Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(50) 
 
Equity-Linked Redemption9: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [Note: if 
Applicable, complete items 45 and 46] 
(51) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption][Mandatory 
Early 
Cash Settlement]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Mandatory Early Cash 
Settlement” 
and 
where 
the 
Securities are Certificates, delete 
“Mandatory Early Redemption”] 
 
 
(i) Underlying Disposal Event: 
The Securities will be mandatorily 
redeemed upon the occurrence of any 
event as set out in Condition 9(b)(i) [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
of 
Underlying Assets: 
Condition 9(b)(ii) [will]/[will not] apply 
[as amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
(iii) Credit Event: 
Condition 9(b)(iii) [will]/[will not] apply 
[as amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Early Cash Settlement 
Amount]: 
[The realised value of the Series Assets 
divided by the number of outstanding 
Securities other than the Custodian 
Securities.] 
(52) 
 
Termination of Swap Agreement at 
the Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY-LINKED REDEMPTION10 
(53) 
 
Equity-Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
 
(Condition 8(n)) 
[If “Not applicable”, then delete the 
remaining provision in this section] 
(54) 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Equity-Linked 
Redemption: 
[Single Share Security] /[Share Basket 
Security] 
Shares must be listed on an EEA 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third 
country market or SME Growth Market. 
                                                     
9 Only Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities where the Underlying Assets are shares listed on an EEA regulated market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. 
10 Only Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities where the Underlying Assets are shares listed on an EEA regulated market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(ii) Underlying Share or Shares: 
[insert details of Underlying Share or 
Shares] 
(iii) Specified Underlying Issuer or 
Issuers: 
 
[insert details of Specified Underlying 
Issuer or Issuers] 
 
(iv) Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange] 
 
(v) Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
 
(vi) Redemption Amount: 
[include details of the formula for 
calculating the applicable Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(vii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Determination Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include 
details of the relevant Valuation Dates, 
Observation Dates or Determination 
Dates] 
 
(viii) Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If “Applicable”, specify consequence of 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
“Omission”. 
 
“Postponement” 
or 
“Modified Postponement”] 
 
(ix) Determination Time[s]: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Other 
special 
terms 
and 
conditions: 
[•] 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(55) 
 
Dealer: 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc. 
(56) 
 
Securities 
cleared 
through 
a 
clearing system: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Specify 
clearing 
systems] 
(57) 
 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
consequences: 
[The Securities are [not] Specified 
Securities 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Section 871(m).] (The Securities will not 
be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities.  If the 
Securities reference a U.S. equity or an 
index 
that 
contains 
a 
component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct

--- Page 193 ---
193 
or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, 
further analysis will be required) [Based 
on market conditions on the date of these 
Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary 
determination 
that 
the 
Securities are [not] Specified Securities 
for purposes of Section 871(m).  This is a 
preliminary determination only that is 
subject to change based on market 
conditions on the Issue Date.  If the 
Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such 
determination.] 
(58) 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
RELATED AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(59) 
 
Related Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(60) 
 
[Swap 
Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty]: 
[Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc.] 
(61) 
 
Date of termination of Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of 
a purchase by the Issuer of some 
only 
of 
the 
Securities 
(as 
applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior 
to the [Maturity][Expiration] Date or, if 
the Securities are redeemed early, one 
Business Day prior to the [Early 
Redemption 
Date][Early 
Cash 
Settlement Date] or, if the Securities are 
purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Issuer’s purchase option, one Business 
Day prior to the relevant purchase date] 
(62) 
 
[Credit Support Documents]: 
[Credit Support Annex][•] 
(63) 
 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert 
any 
additional 
Security 
Documents 
in 
addition 
to 
the 
Supplemental Trust Deed] 
(64) 
 
[If Related Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the 
Swap Agreement:] 
[cash in [currency] 
(65) 
 
Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions][and 
[specify any additional Transaction 
Documents] 
AGENTS 
(66) 
 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Specify name and address]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
[(iii) Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(vi) Cash Account Bank (if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
 
(vii) Series Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
OTHER TERMS 
(67) 
 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(68) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(69) 
 
Form of Securities: 
[Option 1 Bearer Securities: Temporary 
Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Security [or definitive 
Securities in bearer form] [or definitive 
Securities 
in 
bearer 
form 
and/or 
registered security certificates].  The 
Permanent Global Security will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Securities in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Security.] 
[NB: Bearer Securities should only be 
issued if they can be in registered form 
for U.S. Federal Income tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Securities, no 
global securities: The Securities will be 
represented 
by 
Registered 
Security 
Certificates.]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
[Option 3 Registered Securities, with 
global securities: The Securities (other 
than 
those 
sold 
to 
Institutional 
Accredited Investors who are also 
Qualified Purchasers which shall be 
definitive form) will be represented by a 
Registered Global Security, deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and for Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
Registered Global Security will be 
exchangeable in whole but not in part for 
registered 
security 
certificates 
in 
definitive 
form, 
in 
limited 
circumstances.] 
(70) 
 
[Specified 
Denominations][Specified 
Unit 
Value]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Specified Unit Value” and 
where 
the 
Securities 
are 
Certificates 
delete 
“Specified 
Denominations”] 
[specify 
minimum 
denomination/unit 
value] and integral multiples of [specify 
currency][amount] thereafter up to and 
including 
[specify 
maximum 
denomination/unit value for definitive 
Securities].  No Securities in definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
[denomination][unit 
value] 
above 
[specify maximum denomination/unit 
value for definitive Securities]. 
(71) 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[FRN 
Convention]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/[No 
Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
(72) 
 
Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business 
Day and other payment date provisions] 
(73) 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive Securities (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such 
Talons mature] 
(74) 
 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Securities: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of 
failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Securities 
and interest due on late payment: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(75) 
 
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment 
Securities: 
amount 
of 
each 
[Not applicable] [Specify details]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
(76) 
 
Variation 
to 
provisions 
of 
Condition 12 (Events of Default): 
[No][Specify details] 
(77) 
 
Other conditions: 
[Specify] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(78) 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(79) 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(80) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
[Euroclear Finland] 
[Euroclear Sweden] 
(81) 
 
Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery 
versus payment.] 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
(“Euronext Dublin”)] [None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Securities to be 
listed on [Euronext Dublin on its Official 
List and trading on the Regulated 
Market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) to [Euronext 
Dublin for the Securities to be listed on 
its Official List and trading on its 
Regulated Market] with effect from [•].] 
[Not applicable.] 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a 
secondary market] 
 
(iv) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:  
[Specify estimate of expenses] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:

--- Page 197 ---
197 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material 
to the offer.”] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Prospectus and] 
these Final Terms. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify 
source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in the 
Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are true and accurate in all material respects, and that 
there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the 
document, whether of facts or of opinion.  All the directors accept responsibility accordingly.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each issue of Series. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
[MEMEL CAPITAL PCC (THE “COMPANY”) ACTING IN RESPECT OF [●] 
PC]/[ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD] 
 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): [[Memel: 635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75]/[Alphabeta: 
635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96]] 
 
(THE “ISSUER”) 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OR NUMBER OF SECURITIES OF SERIES] 
[TITLE OF SECURITIES] 
under the 
Secured and Unsecured Note and Certificate Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated [⚫].  In addition, “US$”, 
“USD” or “$” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US Dollars.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus dated [•] (as amended 
and/or restated from time to time) [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] and 
[⚫]].  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) and at the website of the GSX (www.gsx.gi) [[and] during normal 
business hours at [●]] [and copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]11 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
                                                     
11 To be included in am Issuance Document if the relevant Securities are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors and 
ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each 
as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].  Any person subsequently offering, 
                                                     
12 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Securities are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]13 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)]/[COBS] and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice, and portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable.14] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing 
Supplement.] 
The Securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Securities. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement and 
should be deleted prior to completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
(1) 
Issuer: 
[Memel Capital PCC acting in respect of [●] 
PC]/[Alphabeta Access Products Ltd.] (the 
“Issuer”) 
(2) 
Series Number: 
[●] [The Securities are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with [●]] 
(3) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
                                                     
13 Delete as appropriate. 
14 Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
(4) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(5) 
[Final Valuation Date]: 
[●] 
(6) 
[Maturity Date][Expiration Date]: 
[Delete as applicable] 
[●], unless redeemed earlier in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
(7) 
[Maturity 
Date 
Extension][Expiration 
Date 
Extension] (Condition 9(a)(ii)): 
[Delete as applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(8) 
Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[specify] 
(9) 
[Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount][Number of Units] of 
Securities to be issued as at the Issue 
Date: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes is 
[⚫]] 
[Number of Units of Certificates is [⚫]] 
(10) 
Issue Price (face value) per Security: [●] 
(11) 
Maximum number of Securities in 
the Series on the Issue Date: 
[●] 
(12) 
Purchase Price (amount payable at 
Issue Date) per Security: 
[●] 
(13) 
Dealer purchase price (at Issue 
Date): 
[Item 9 x item 10] 
(14) 
Number 
of 
Securities 
to 
be 
repurchased by the Issuer (at Issue 
Date) (Custodian Securities): 
[●] 
(15) 
Issuer repurchase price (purchase 
price of the Custodian Securities) (at 
Issue Date): 
[Item 12 x item 10] 
(16) 
Trading method: 
[Unit]/[Nominal Amount]/[specify] 
(17) 
Status of the Securities: 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] 
[limited 
recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(18) 
(A) 
[If Secured]: 
Mortgaged Property: 
[(i) Underlying Assets – 
Bonds/Notes/Shares: 
 
 
[[Swaps/]15[Bonds/Notes/Shares] [specify] 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The 
Underlying 
Assets 
shall 
initially 
comprise [●] [in principal amount of] [insert 
                                                     
15 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below: 
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
[●] 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[●] 
 
Nature of business: 
[●] 
Regulated market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
Asset:  
[●] 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
Status: 
[●] 
 
Legal nature: 
[●] 
 
Governing law: 
[●] 
 
Clearing: 
[●] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
[Hyperlink to 
documentation relating 
to Underlying Assets: 
[●]] 
Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
(i) Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Securities); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares], the Swap Agreement 
and any other Transaction Document to which 
the Issuer is a party or and as specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 
(B) 
[If Unsecured]: 
 
 
Unsecured Series Property: 
 
[(i) Underlying Assets – 
Bonds/Notes/Shares: 
[[Swaps/]16Bonds/Notes/Shares] [Specify] 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The 
Underlying 
Assets 
shall 
initially 
comprise [●] [in principal amount of] [insert 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below: 
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
[●] 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[●] 
 
Nature of business: 
[●] 
Regulated market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
Asset:  
[●] 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
Status: 
[●] 
 
Legal nature: 
[●] 
 
Governing law: 
[●] 
                                                     
16 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Clearing: 
[●] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
[Hyperlink to 
documentation relating 
to Underlying Assets: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
(i) Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Securities); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes/Shares], 
and/or 
the 
Swap 
Agreement 
and 
any other 
Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is a party or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.] 
(19) 
Income on the Securities Treated as 
U.S. Source Income: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
[Insert the following if applicable: 
Although the Securities will be issued by a 
non-U.S. entity, income on the Securities may 
be considered to arise in whole or in part from 
sources 
within 
the 
United 
States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, the 
Issuer will (and assumes intermediaries also 
will) treat all income as arising from sources 
within the United States and will make 
payments free of U.S. withholding (and 
backup withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies 
it 
with 
appropriate 
U.S. tax 
identification 
and 
certification 
forms, 
typically 
an 
IRS 
Form 
W-8BEN 
or 
W-8BEN-E. 
For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a 
certification or other document will be treated 
as “required by law” if it actually is required

--- Page 205 ---
205 
by law or would be required by law if the 
income from the Securities were treated as 
arising from sources within the United States 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
(20) 
U.S. Withholding 
on 
Dividend 
Equivalents: 
[Not applicable. There can be no assurance 
Double Withholding will not apply over the 
life of the Security.] / [Applicable] 
(21) 
Double Withholding at issuance: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
(22) 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[The custody agreement made between, 
among others, the Custodian and the Issuer on 
[date].] 
[The [Bonds/Notes/Shares] will be held in a 
securities account maintained by or on behalf 
of the Custodian in accordance with the terms 
of the Custody Agreement.] 
(23) 
[Reference Assets: 
[●]]17 
(24) 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities]/[Floating 
Rate 
Securities]/[Equity-Linked Securities]/[Zero 
Coupon Securities] 
 
(25) 
Instructing Creditor (See 
Conditions 3(d), 9(b)(v), 12 
and 13): 
The Securityholders 
(26) 
Credit Event: 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/[Failure to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuri
ng] in relation to the Underlying Assets 
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit 
Definitions] 
(27) 
Order of Priority (as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed date on or 
about the date of these Final Terms, 
in connection with the issue of the 
Securities in connection with these 
[Counterparty 
Priority]/[Securityholder 
Priority]/[Other Priority: [⚫]] 
[Specify if “Other Priority” is applicable] 
                                                     
17 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Final Terms (the “Supplemental 
Trust Deed”)): 
(28) 
Use of Proceeds: 
The Issuer will invest [⚫] of the issuance 
proceeds [in the purchase of the Underlying 
Assets and will enter into a Swap with the 
Swap Counterparty.] 
(29) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(30) 
Fixed Rate Securities: 
[If Fixed Rate Securities are 
“Applicable” include the following 
details, otherwise delete]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 
(ii) [Fixed Coupon Amount]: 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) [Broken Amount]: 
[Specify] 
(31) 
Floating Rate Securities: 
[If Floating Rate Securities are 
“Applicable” include the following 
details, otherwise delete] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) [Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) [Reference Rate]; 
[If SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate include (iii) to (vii) 
below, otherwise delete]: 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 
(iii) 
[SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) [Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(v) [SONIA Compound Observation 
Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) [Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(vii) [Relevant Screen Page]: 
[Specify] 
 
(viii) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) [Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 
(x) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
(xi) [Linear Interpolation]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(32) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(33) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(34) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(35) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(36) 
Zero Coupon Security Provision: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(38) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(39) 
Equity-Linked Securities18: 
(if Equity-Linked Securities are 
“Applicable”, include the following 
details, otherwise delete:) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Type of Equity-Linked Security: 
[Single Share Security] 
[Share Basket Security] 
[Single Index Security] 
[Index Basket Security] 
 
(ii) [if Single Share Security or 
Share Basket Security: 
 
 
(A) Underlying Share or Underlying 
Shares: 
[insert details of Underlying Share or Shares] 
 
(B) Underlying Issuer or Issuers:] 
[insert details of Underlying Issuer or Issuers] 
 
(iii) [if Single Index Security or 
Index Basket Security: 
[insert details of Index or Indices] 
 
(A) Index or Indices: 
[insert details of Index Sponsor[s]] 
 
(B) Index Sponsor[s]:] 
 
 
(iv) Weighting of each [Underlying 
Share/ Index] in the Basket: 
[insert details, if a Share Basket Security or an 
Index Basket Security] 
 
(v) Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange or, in relation to 
an Index, if applicable,: Multi-exchange 
Index] 
 
(vi) Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
                                                     
18 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(vii) Coupon Amount: 
[include details of the formula for calculating 
the applicable Coupon Amount] 
 
(viii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Determination Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include details 
of the relevant Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates or Determination Dates] 
 
(ix) Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If “Applicable”, specify consequence of 
Averaging Date Disruption: “Omission”.  
“Postponement” 
or 
“Modified 
Postponement”] 
 
(x) Determination Time[s]: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
BENCHMARK 
DISCONTINUANCE 
OR 
PROHIBITION ON USE (Condition 8(d)) 
(40) 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[Specify] 
(41) 
Early Redemption/Cash Settlement 
Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(42) 
Early Redemption/Cash Settlement 
Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) 
– Fair Market Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [REDEMPTION][CASH SETTLEMENT] 
(43) 
Issuer has the right to redeem 
Securities in its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(44) 
[Redemption Amount][Final Cash 
Settlement Amount]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete 
“Final 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount” and where the Securities 
are 
Certificates, 
delete 
“Redemption Amount”] 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased 
and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Securities on the [Maturity][Expiration] Date 
at an amount equal to [•]. [Insert details for 
calculating final redemption/cash settlement 
amount and early redemption/cash settlement 
amount.] 
(45) 
[If Security is a Zero Coupon 
Security, include the below details, 
otherwise delete] 
[Amortisation Yield:] 
 
 
[•] 
(46) 
Securityholder has the right to 
redeem the Securities prior to 
[Maturity][Expiration]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
(47) 
Purchase at Issuer’s Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(48) 
[Redemption][Cash Settlement] by 
Instalments: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Cash Settlement” and where 
the Securities are Certificates, 
delete “Redemption”] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(49) 
Exchange 
of 
Securities 
for 
Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(50) 
Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(51) 
Equity-Linked Redemption19: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Note: 
if 
Applicable, complete items 46 and 47] 
(52) 
[Index Adjustment Events]20: 
[Index Modification]/[Index Cancellation]/ 
[Index Disruption] 
(53) 
[Additional Disruption Event]21: 
[Change 
in 
Law]/[Hedging 
Disruption]/[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging]/[Loss of Stock Borrow] [Note: 
delete any not applicable] 
(54) 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption][Mandatory Early Cash 
Settlement]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Mandatory Early Cash 
Settlement” 
and 
where 
the 
Securities are Certificates, delete 
“Mandatory Early Redemption”] 
 
 
(i) Underlying Disposal Event: 
The Securities will be mandatorily redeemed 
upon the occurrence of any event as set out in 
Condition 9(b)(i) [as amended by Special 
Condition [•]]. 
 
(ii) Early Redemption of Underlying 
Assets: 
Condition 9(b)(ii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
(iii) Credit Event: 
Condition 9(b)(iii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount]: 
[The realised value of the Series Assets 
divided by the number of outstanding 
Securities 
other 
than 
the 
Custodian 
Securities.] 
                                                     
19 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
20 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
21 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(55) 
[Early Cash Settlement Amount]: 
[•] 
(56) 
Termination of Swap Agreement at 
the Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY-LINKED REDEMPTION22 
(57) 
Equity-Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
 
(Condition 8(n)) 
[If “Not applicable”, then delete the 
remaining provision in this section] 
(58) 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Equity-Linked 
Redemption: 
[Single Share Security] 
[Share Basket Security] 
[Single Index Security] 
[Index Basket Security] 
[Shares must be listed on an EEA regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market] 
 
(ii) [if Single Share Security or 
Share Basket Security: 
(A) 
Underlying 
Share 
or 
Underlying Shares: 
(A) 
Underlying 
Issuer 
or 
Issuers:] 
[insert details of Underlying Share or 
Shares] 
[insert details of Underlying Issuer or 
Issuers] 
 
 
[if Single Index Security or Index 
Basket Security: 
[insert details of Index or Indices] 
 
(A) 
Index or Indices: 
 
 
(B) 
Index Sponsor[s]:] 
[insert details of Index Sponsor[s]] 
 
(iii) Weighting of each [Underlying 
Share/ Index] in the Basket: 
[insert details, if a Share Basket Security or an 
Index Basket Security] 
 
(iv) Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange or, in relation to 
an Index, if applicable,: Multi-exchange 
Index] 
 
(v) Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
 
(vi) Redemption Amount: 
[include details of the formula for calculating 
the applicable Redemption Amount] 
                                                     
22 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(vii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Determination Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include details 
of the relevant Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates or Determination Dates] 
 
(viii) Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If “Applicable”, specify consequence of 
Averaging Date Disruption: “Omission”.  
“Postponement” 
or 
“Modified 
Postponement”] 
 
(ix) Determination Time[s]: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Other 
special 
terms 
and 
conditions: 
[•] 
DISTRIBUTION 
(59) 
Dealer: 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc. 
(60) 
Securities cleared through a clearing 
system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
(61) 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
consequences: 
[The Securities are [not] Specified Securities 
for the purposes of Section 871(m).] (The 
Securities will not be Specified Securities if 
they do not reference any U.S. equity or any 
index that contains any component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities.  If the Securities 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains 
a 
component 
U.S. equity 
or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities, further analysis will be 
required) [Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made 
a preliminary determination that the Securities 
are [not] Specified Securities for purposes of 
Section 871(m).  This is a preliminary 
determination only that is subject to change 
based on market conditions on the Issue Date.  
If the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination.] 
(62) 
Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
RELATED AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(63) 
Related Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(64) 
[Exposure to Reference Assets 
obtained by use of a swap: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]23 
                                                     
23 Not applicable in respect of listed Securities, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
(65) 
[Swap 
Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty]: 
[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc.] 
(66) 
Date of termination of Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of a 
purchase by the Issuer of some only 
of the Securities (as applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior to the 
[Maturity][Expiration] 
Date 
or, 
if 
the 
Securities are redeemed early, one Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
[Early 
Redemption 
Date][Early Cash Settlement Date] or, if the 
Securities are purchased by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Issuer’s purchase option, one 
Business Day prior to the relevant purchase 
date] 
(67) 
[Credit Support Documents]: 
[Credit Support Annex][•] 
(68) 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert any additional Security Documents in 
addition to the Supplemental Trust Deed] 
(69) 
[If Related Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the 
Swap Agreement:] 
[cash in [currency] 
(70) 
Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions][and [specify 
any additional Transaction Documents] 
AGENTS 
(71) 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(iii) Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(vi) 
Cash 
Account 
Bank 
(if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
 
(vii) Series Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 213 ---
213 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
OTHER TERMS 
(72) 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(73) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(74) 
Form of Securities: 
[Option 1 Bearer Securities: Temporary 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Security [or definitive 
Securities in bearer form] [or definitive 
Securities in bearer form and/or registered 
security certificates].  The Permanent Global 
Security will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Security.] 
[NB: Bearer Securities should only be issued 
if they can be in registered form for 
U.S. Federal Income tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Securities, no global 
securities: The Securities will be represented 
by Registered Security Certificates.] 
[Option 3 Registered Securities, with global 
securities: The Securities (other than those 
sold to Institutional Accredited Investors who 
are also Qualified Purchasers which shall be 
definitive form) will be represented by a 
Registered Global Security, deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The Registered 
Global Security will be exchangeable in 
whole but not in part for registered security 
certificates in definitive form, in limited 
circumstances.] 
(75) 
[Specified 
Denominations][Specified 
Unit 
Value]: 
[Where the Securities are Notes, 
delete “Specified Unit Value” and 
where the Securities are Certificates 
delete “Specified Denominations”] 
[specify minimum denomination/unit value] 
and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[specify 
currency][amount] thereafter up to and 
including 
[specify 
maximum 
denomination/unit 
value 
for 
definitive 
Securities].  No Securities in definitive form 
will be issued with a [denomination][unit 
value] 
above 
[specify 
maximum 
denomination/unit 
value 
for 
definitive 
Securities].

--- Page 214 ---
214 
(76) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[FRN 
Convention]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/[No Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
(77) 
Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business Day 
and other payment date provisions] 
(78) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Securities (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such Talons 
mature] 
(79) 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Securities: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of 
failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Securities 
and interest due on late payment: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(80) 
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment 
Securities: 
amount 
of 
each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(81) 
Variation 
to 
provisions 
of 
Condition 12 (Events of Default): 
[No][Specify details] 
(82) 
Other conditions: 
[Specify] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(83) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(84) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(85) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
[Euroclear Finland] 
[Euroclear Sweden] 
(86) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery versus 
payment.] 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
(“Euronext Dublin”)] [None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Securities to be listed on 
[Euronext Dublin on its Official List and 
trading on the Regulated Market] with effect 
from [•].] [Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) to [Euronext 
Dublin for the Securities to be listed on its 
Official List and trading on its Regulated 
Market] with effect from [•].] 
[Not applicable.] 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a secondary 
market] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material 
to the offer.”] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Prospectus and] 
this Pricing Supplement. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from 
[specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
The directors of the Issuers have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in the 
Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are true and accurate in all material respects, and 
that there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the 
document, whether of facts or of opinion.  All the directors accept responsibility accordingly.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
INDEX 
$ 179, 198 
£ 9 
€ 9 
Additional Disruption Event ....................... 105 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ................ 133 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ........ 133 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 70 
Agents ......................................................... 122 
Alphabeta ............................................ 1, 15, 69 
Alphabeta Board ........................................... 16 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index ................ 133 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate ... 90 
Alternative Programme Agreements ............. 80 
Alternative Rate ...................................... 90, 92 
Amortisation Yield ........................................ 93 
Amortised Face Amount ............................. 117 
Applicable Supplement ............................... 134 
ARRC ............................................................ 44 
Authorised Denomination ............................. 72 
Averaging Date ............................................. 96 
BaFin ........................................................... 175 
Balancing Amount ........................................ 76 
Basket .......................................................... 105 
Basket of Indices ......................................... 105 
Basket of Shares .......................................... 105 
Bearer Global Note ....................................... 71 
Bearer Global Notes ...................................... 71 
Bearer Notes............................................ 28, 71 
Benchmark .................................................. 134 
Benchmark Replacement ............................ 134 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ......... 135 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes ................................................... 135 
Benchmark Replacement Date .................... 135 
Benchmark Transition Event ...................... 136 
Board of Governors ....................................... 66 
BRRD ............................................................ 53 
business day ................................................ 123 
Business Day ............................................... 136 
Business Day Convention ........................... 136 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 70 
Calculation Period ....................................... 137 
CDOT ............................................................ 61 
CEA .............................................................. 65 
Central Bank ................................................... 3 
CFTC ............................................................ 64 
Change in Law ............................................ 106 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................... 5, 118 
Close-out Amount ....................................... 156 
COBS .................................. 180, 181, 199, 200 
Commission .................................................... 8 
Common Depositary ............................... 28, 72 
Common Reporting Standard ............... 61, 163 
Company ....................................................... 49 
COMPANY ........................................ 179, 198 
Component .................................................. 106 
Compounded SOFR .................................... 137 
Conditions ..................................... 70, 179, 198 
Corporate Administration Agreement 147, 149 
Corporate Administrator ..................... 146, 149 
Corresponding Tenor .................................. 137 
Counterparty ................................................. 77 
Counterparty Priority .................................... 79 
Couponholders .............................................. 73 
Coupons ........................................................ 73 
Covered Entities ........................................... 66 
Covered QFC ................................................ 67 
CPO .............................................................. 65 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ....... 25, 115 
Credit Support Balance (VM) ..................... 156 
CRS ............................................................. 163 
CTA .............................................................. 65 
Currency Inconvertibility Event ................. 106 
Custodian ...................................................... 70 
Custodian Global Certificate ........................ 21 
Custodian Note Price .................................... 76 
Custodian Notes ............................................ 75 
Custody Agreement ...................................... 70 
Day Count Fraction .................................... 137 
Dealer .......................................................... 169 
Dealer Agreement ....................................... 169 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 71 
Delisting ...................................................... 104 
Delivery Amount (VM) .............................. 156 
Determination Date ..................................... 106 
Determination Time .................................... 106 
Disposal Agent ............................................. 70 
Disposal Event ............................................ 112 
Disposal Event Notice .......................... 24, 114 
Disrupted Day ............................................. 106 
distributor ............................ 180, 181, 199, 200 
Dividend Equivalent Payments ............. 63, 166 
Dodd-Frank ................................................... 64 
Double Withholding ..................................... 82 
Early Closure .............................................. 107 
EEA .................................................... 179, 198 
EEA Regulated Market ............................... 160 
Electronic Resolution ................................. 129 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) ..................... 156 
Eligible Currency ........................................ 157 
Enforcement Notice .................................... 124 
Equity-Linked Security ............................... 139 
Equivalent Credit Support (VM) ................ 157 
EURIBOR ..................................................... 41

--- Page 217 ---
217 
euro ............................................................. 139 
Euro ................................................................. 9 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 138 
Euroclear ................................................. 5, 118 
Eurodollar Convention .................................. 83 
Euronext Dublin .............................. 3, 196, 215 
Euronext Official List ..................................... 3 
EUWA .................................... 6, 175, 181, 200 
Event of Default .......................................... 124 
Exchange ..................................................... 107 
Exchange Business Day .............................. 107 
Exchange Disruption ................................... 108 
Exercise Notice ........................................... 119 
Existing Series ............................................ 120 
Exposure ..................................................... 157 
Extraordinary Dividend .............................. 108 
Extraordinary Event .................................... 108 
FATCA ....................................................... 113 
FCA ............................................................... 41 
Final Rule ...................................................... 66 
Final Terms ............................................. 1, 139 
Fixed Interest Rate ...................................... 139 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................................... 82 
Floating Interest Rate .................................. 139 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 83 
Floating Rate Notes ....................................... 83 
Following Business Day Convention ............ 83 
foreign issuer ............................................... 171 
FRN Convention ........................................... 83 
FSB ............................................................... 52 
FSMA .............................................. 6, 174, 175 
Further Tranche ............................................. 73 
Further Underlying Assets ...................... 73, 75 
GBP ................................................................. 9 
GEM ................................................................ 3 
Global Market ................................................. 4 
Global Notes ................................................. 72 
Governmental Authority ............................. 106 
GSIB ............................................................. 66 
GST ............................................................. 162 
GSX ................................................................ 4 
Hedging Disruption ..................................... 108 
Holder ........................................................... 73 
IBA ................................................................ 41 
Increased Cost of Hedging .......................... 108 
Index ........................................................... 108 
Index Adjustment Event ............................... 99 
Index Cancellation ........................................ 99 
Index Corrected Value ................................ 100 
Index Disruption ........................................... 99 
Index Modification ........................................ 99 
Index Original Determination ..................... 100 
Index Replacement Determination .............. 100 
Index Sponsor ............................................. 108 
Insolvency ................................................... 103 
Instalment Amount ..................................... 139 
Instalment Date ........................................... 139 
Instalment Note ........................................... 139 
Instructing Creditor ....................................... 77 
Instructing Party ........................................... 77 
Insurance Distribution Directive . 175, 179, 198 
Interest Amounts ........................................... 94 
Interest Commencement Date ..................... 139 
Interest Determination Date ........................ 139 
Interest Payment Date ................................. 140 
Interest Payment Delay ............................... 140 
Interest Period ............................................. 140 
Interest Period End Date ............................. 140 
Interest Rate ................................................ 140 
Interpolated Benchmark .............................. 140 
Investment Company Act ....................... 5, 172 
ISDA ............................................................. 85 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 140 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ......................... 141 
ISDA Fallback Rate .................................... 141 
Issuance Document ........................... 1, 70, 141 
Issuance Documents ....................................... 1 
Issue Date ................................................... 141 
Issuer ........................... 1, 15, 69, 146, 181, 200 
ISSUER .............................................. 179, 198 
Issuers ....................................................... 1, 15 
Issuing and Paying Agent ............................. 70 
Jersey CRS Legislation ............................... 163 
Jersey Registrar ............................................... 8 
LBD ........................................................ 87, 88 
LEI ................................................................ 15 
LIBOR .......................................................... 41 
Linear Interpolation ...................................... 89 
Liquidation End Period ............................... 126 
Local Currency ........................................... 106 
London Banking Day .............................. 87, 88 
Lookback Days ............................................. 87 
Loss of Stock Borrow ................................. 108 
Mandatory Disclosure Rules ......................... 62 
Mandatory Redemption Event .............. 23, 115 
Margin ........................................................ 141 
Market Disruption Event ............................ 108 
Maturity Date ................................................ 72 
Memel ................................................. 1, 15, 69 
Memel Board ................................................ 16 
Merger Date ................................................ 102 
Merger Event .............................................. 102 
Merger Event Settlement Amount .............. 103 
MiFID II ............................. 3, 6, 175, 179, 198 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................. 7 
Minimum Transfer Amount ........................ 157 
Modified Business Day Convention ............. 83 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention ................................................ 83 
Modified Postponement ................................ 97

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Mortgaged Property .................................. 2, 78 
MSIP ........................................................... 158 
Multi-exchange Index ................................. 109 
Nationalisation ............................................ 103 
New Series .................................................. 120 
New York Federal Reserve ..................... 46, 86 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website .......... 87 
No Adjustment .............................................. 83 
Note Custodian.............................................. 70 
Note Trustee .................................................. 69 
Noteholder .................................................... 73 
Noteholder Priority ....................................... 79 
Noteholders ............................................... 3, 14 
Notes ....................................... 1, 14, 69, 71, 72 
Observation Date ........................................ 109 
Observation Period ........................................ 88 
Observation Shift Days ................................. 88 
offer ............................................................. 176 
OLA .............................................................. 53 
Omission ....................................................... 97 
Order of Priority .......................................... 141 
Original Tranche ........................................... 73 
Original Tranches .......................................... 73 
Other Priority ................................................ 79 
Page ............................................................. 141 
Paying Agent ................................................. 70 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 71 
Postponement ................................................ 97 
Potential Adjustment Event ........................ 109 
Potential Event of Default ........................... 141 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............ 83 
Pricing Supplement ................................. 1, 141 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................... 7, 179, 198 
principal ...................................................... 117 
Principal Amount ........................................ 141 
Principal Trust Deed ..................................... 69 
Programme ...................................................... 1 
Prospectus Regulation .... 3, 141, 174, 175, 179, 
198 
Purchase Date ................................................ 26 
QDD ...................................................... 63, 166 
QFCs ............................................................. 66 
qualified derivatives dealer ................... 63, 166 
Receiptholders ............................................... 73 
Receipts ......................................................... 73 
Record Date ................................................ 120 
Redemption Amount ................................... 141 
Reference Assets ............................... 2, 14, 159 
Reference Banks ......................................... 142 
Reference Rate ............................................ 142 
Reference Time ........................................... 142 
Register ......................................................... 72 
Registered Global Note ................................. 72 
Registered Note Certificate ........................... 71 
Registered Notes ..................................... 28, 71 
Registrar ........................................................ 70 
Regulated Market ........................................... 3 
Regulation D ............................................... 172 
Regulation S ................................................... 5 
Related Agreement ....................................... 77 
Related Exchange ................................. 32, 110 
Relevant Currency ...................................... 142 
relevant date ................................................ 170 
Relevant Date ............................................. 117 
Relevant Day ................................................ 84 
Relevant Entity ............................................. 55 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 142 
Relevant Governmental Body ..................... 142 
Relevant Implementation Date ................... 173 
Relevant Member State............................... 173 
Relevant Price ....................................... 32, 110 
Relevant Rate .............................................. 142 
Relevant Rates Benchmark ......................... 142 
Relevant Screen Page ................................... 88 
Relevant Screen Pages .................................. 88 
Relevant Time ............................................. 142 
Representative Amount .............................. 143 
Requested Fungible Notional ....................... 76 
retail investor .............................................. 175 
Return Amount (VM) ................................. 157 
Reverse Merger ........................................... 103 
Savings Directive .......................................... 61 
Scheduled Closing Time ....................... 33, 111 
Scheduled Determination Date ..................... 96 
Scheduled Observation Date ......................... 96 
Scheduled Trading Day ........................ 33, 111 
Scheduled Valuation Date ............................ 96 
Screen Rate ................................................... 84 
SEC ............................................................... 64 
Section 871(m) Note ............................... 63, 81 
Secured Creditors ......................................... 77 
Secured Noteholders ..................................... 29 
Secured Notes ..................................... 1, 14, 69 
Secured Series ........................................... 2, 70 
Secured Series Custodian Notes ............. 21, 75 
Securities Act .......................................... 5, 171 
Security ......................................................... 78 
Security Documents ...................................... 78 
Security Trustee ............................................ 69 
Series ........................................................ 2, 19 
Series Assets ................................................... 3 
Series of Notes .............................................. 69 
Series Prospectus ............................................ 4 
Series Transaction Parties ............................. 11 
Settlement Cycle ................................... 33, 111 
Settlement Cycle Day ........................... 33, 111 
Settlement Disruption Event ....................... 111 
Settlement Price .................................... 33, 111 
Share Basket Note ........................................ 31 
Share Corrected Value ................................ 101

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Share Original Determination ..................... 101 
Share Replacement Determination .............. 101 
Share Trustee ...................................... 146, 149 
Single Share Note ......................................... 31 
SOFR .................................................... 86, 143 
SOFR Accrued Interest Compounding 
Factor ........................................................ 85 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date ............................ 143 
SONIA .................................................... 87, 89 
SONIA Benchmark ....................................... 87 
SONIA Compound Observation Period 
Shift ........................................................... 88 
SONIA Compound with Lookback............... 87 
SONIAi ......................................................... 89 
SONIAi-pLBD .............................................. 88 
special quorum resolution ............................. 52 
specified ........................................................ 69 
Specified Duration ...................................... 143 
Specified Swap Counterparty ..................... 160 
Specified Underlying Assets ....................... 160 
Subscription Conditions Precedent ............... 76 
Substance Law ............................................ 164 
Successor Index ............................................ 99 
Supplement ..................................................... 8 
Supplemental Trust Deed .............. 69, 187, 205 
Supplementary Security Document .............. 78 
Swap ............................................ 2, 14, 70, 159 
Swap Agreement ........................................... 70 
Swap Counterparty .................................... 2, 70 
Talonholders ................................................. 73 
Talons ............................................................ 73 
TARGET Settlement Day ........................... 143 
TARGET2 ................................................... 143 
Temporary Global Note ................................ 71 
Tender Offer................................................ 103 
Tender Offer Settlement Amount ............... 103 
Term SOFR ................................................. 143 
Trading Disruption ............................... 33, 111 
Tranche ......................................................... 73 
Transaction Document ................................ 143 
Transaction Documents ................................ 71 
Transferee ................................................... 156 
Transferor ................................................... 156 
Treaty .......................................................... 143 
Trust Corporation ....................................... 132 
Trust Deed .............................................. 19, 70 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 143 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................. 66 
UK .................................................. 6, 179, 198 
UK Banking Act ........................................... 53 
UK MiFIR ........................... 180, 181, 199, 200 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...... 6, 7, 
180, 181, 199, 200 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................... 6, 180, 199 
Unadjusted .................................................... 83 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ......... 143 
Underlying Asset Subscription Date ............ 76 
Underlying Assets ....................... 2, 14, 77, 159 
Underlying Early Redemption .............. 24, 115 
Underlying Issuer ................................. 34, 111 
Underlying Share .................................. 34, 111 
United States Person ................................... 173 
Unsecured Noteholders ................................... 3 
Unsecured Notes ................................. 1, 14, 69 
Unsecured Series ...................................... 2, 70 
Unsecured Series Custodian Notes ......... 21, 75 
Unsecured Series Property .............................. 2 
US dollars ....................................................... 9 
US$ ................................................. 9, 179, 198 
USD .................................................... 179, 198 
Valid Date ..................................................... 98 
Valuation Date ...................................... 34, 112 
Written Resolution ...................................... 129 
Zero Coupon Note ...................................... 143

--- Page 220 ---
ISSUERS 
Memel Capital PCC, acting in respect of its 
protected cells from time to time 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
Alphabeta Access Products Ltd 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
 
SERIES TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT, CASH ACCOUNT BANK AND CUSTODIAN 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
D02 KV60 
Ireland 
 
SECURITIES CUSTODIAN, DEALER, ARRANGER, CALCULATION AGENT AND 
DISPOSAL AGENT 
Morgan Stanley & Co.  International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Jersey law 
To the Dealer 
as to English law 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade  
St Helier 
Jersey  
JE1 0BD 
Paul Hastings (Europe) LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London 
EC2N 4AG

--- Page 221 ---
To the Series Trustee and Security Trustee 
as to English law 
[•]