--- Page 1 ---
i  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
Altarius ETI AG 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Liechtenstein)  
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of ETI Securities in the form of derivative 
securities arranged by Altarius Capital Limited 
  
The company whose name appears above (the “Issuer”) has established a programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issue of ETI Securities in the form of derivative securities. The Issuer may from 
time to time issue ETI Securities on the terms set out herein, as completed by a Final Terms in respect 
of each issue of ETI Securities (the “Final Terms”). The aggregate nominal amount of ETI Securities 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, on the basis of the Previous Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 
issued the ETI Securities listed at Annex 2 hereto (the "Issued ETI Securities"), which are continued 
to be offered on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
The ETI Securities of each Series are derivative securities in the form of limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu with, and without any preference among, themselves and the 
ETI Securities of each other Series. Recourse in respect of the ETI Securities of each Series is limited 
in the manner described in the Conditions. In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the 
ETI Securities, the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) and the ETI 
Security holders shall have recourse only to the assets of the Issuer. If, following enforcement and the 
realisation in full of any assets of the Issuer, any outstanding claim of the Series Parties (other than the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) and the ETI Security holders against the Issuer remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.  
Programme Arranger - Altarius Capital Limited 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14th June 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
ii  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) gives information on the Issuer and its Programme for the issue 
of ETI Securities in the form of derivative securities.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer 
will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the ETI Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Responsibility: 
Altarius ETI AG (LEI: 5299001XE1CIMMOEME82); registered office
at Landstrasse 158, 9494 Schaan, Principality of Liechtenstein (the
“Issuer”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Neither the Arranger, any Authorised Participant or any Agent, has 
separately verified the information contained herein. Neither the 
Arranger, any Authorised Participant or any Agent makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in 
this Base Prospectus. None of this Base Prospectus, or any other 
information supplied in connection with a Programme, the Issuer, or 
any ETI Securities    is intended to provide the basis of any credit,
risk or other evaluation and none of this Base Prospectus, or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Issuer should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, any Authorised Participant or any Agent that any recipient
thereof should subscribe or purchase ETI Securities. Each potential
subscriber or purchaser of ETI Securities should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its subscription or purchase of ETI Securities should be based
upon such investigations as it deems necessary. None of the 
Arranger, any Authorised Participant or any Agent undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any other 
entity whatsoever during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential 
investor in any ETI Securities of any information coming to the 
attention of the Arranger, any Authorised Participant or any Agent. 
Third Party Information: 
The Issuer confirms that information included in this Base 
Prospectus in respect of the Underlying Issuers and the Underlying 
Securities has been sourced from the Underlying Issuers. The Issuer 
further confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced, and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been

--- Page 3 ---
iii  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
No Representations: 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make 
representations other than those contained in this Base Prospectus 
in connection with the issue or sale of, or grant of a participation in 
the ETI Securities and, if given or made, such information or 
representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or by Altarius Capital Limited (the “Arranger”). The
delivery of this Base Prospectus, or any sale made in connection 
herewith shall not, under any circumstances, create any implication
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Issuer’s Programme or the Issuer is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
Approval and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Liechtenstein 
Financial Market Authority (the “FMA”), as the competent authority in
Liechtenstein under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The
FMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer or of quality of the ETI Securities that
are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETI Securities.
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to Frankfurt Stock Exchange for certain 
Series to be admitted to listing and trading on the Frankfurt regulated
market. In addition, an application may be made for a Series to be 
listed on any other stock exchange or multilateral trading facility or a 
Series may be unlisted. There can be no assurance that any 
application for listing will be successful or that if successful, that the 
admission to listing will be maintained for the term of the ETI
Securities.

--- Page 4 ---
iv  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Form of ETI Securities: 
The ETI Securities will be issued in bearer form. 
Bearer ETI Securities may be issued in New Global Note form 
(“NGN”) and in Classic Global Note form (“CGN”). 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Terms and Conditions 
of the ETI Securities” contains further details relating to the form of 
ETI Securities which may be issued under the Issuer’s Programme. 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Subscription and Sale”
contains further details relating to the selling and transfer restrictions
applicable to the ETI Securities. Other than as expressly disclosed in 
this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken which would permit 
a public offering of the ETI Securities or possession or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in any jurisdiction 
where action for this purpose would be required. 
Distribution: 
ETI Securities issued under this Programme have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities laws, and the 
Issuer is not, nor will it be, registered under the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). The
ETI Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of, 
or grant of a participation in, the ETI Securities in certain jurisdictions
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Arranger and 
any Authorised Participant (as defined in this Base Prospectus), to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This
Base Prospectus does not constitute, and this Base Prospectus may 
not be used, for the purposes of any offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation 
and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the ETI Securities
or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
such action is required.  
Certain restrictions on offers and sales of the ETI Securities and on
distribution of this Base Prospectus are set out under “Terms and
Conditions of the ETI Securities” and “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuer Obligations: 
None of the Arranger, any Authorised Participant, any Agent or any
person other than the Issuer has any obligation to any ETI Security
holders to ensure payment or discharge of principal, interest and / or 
any other obligations in respect of a Series of ETI Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
v  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Currency: 
References herein to “EUR” are to the currency of the member states 
of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty of European Union. 
References to “USD” are to United States Dollars. 
No Offer: 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any ETI Securities 
 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE CONTENTS OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS YOU 
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR STOCKBROKER, BANK MANAGER, SOLICITOR, ACCOUNTANT OR 
OTHER FINANCIAL ADVISER.  
IT SHOULD BE REMEMBERED THAT THE PRICE OF SECURITIES AND THE INCOME, IF ANY, 
PAYABLE FROM THEM CAN GO DOWN AS WELL AS UP

--- Page 6 ---
vi  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
CONTENTS  
  
Page No  
  
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 11 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SERIES .............................................................................................. 12 
OVERVIEW OF SERIES ....................................................................................................................... 15 
INVESTOR RETURN ............................................................................................................................ 16 
THE UNDERLYING ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 19 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETI SECURITIES ...................................................................... 24 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 47 
ISSUE BY FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 48 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................. 49 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................... 56 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ARRANGER .................................................................................................. 61 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE CALCULATION AGENT ............................................................ 63 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT ........................... 64 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT .................................................. 65 
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................................................... 66 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 77 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 79 
ANNEX 1 
ANNEX 2

--- Page 7 ---
1  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
 
The Issuer considers the risks disclosed in this section to be material risk factors, about which 
prospective ETI Security holders should be aware.  
The ETI Securities will be solely debt obligations of the Issuer. The ETI Securities will not be obligations 
or responsibilities of the Arranger, any Authorised Participants, or the Agents (or any affiliate of any such 
company).  
The purchase of, or investment in, any ETI Securities involves substantial risks. Each prospective 
purchaser of, or investor in, ETI Securities should be familiar with instruments having characteristics 
similar to the ETI Securities and should fully understand the terms of the ETI Securities and the nature 
and extent of its exposure to risk of loss.  
Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of, or investors in, ETI Securities should 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the ETI Securities, the 
Underlying Securities and all other relevant persons and such market and economic factors as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the ETI Securities. However, as 
part of such independent investigation and analysis, prospective purchasers of or investors in ETI 
Securities should consider carefully all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus and in the 
applicable Final Terms and the considerations set out below.  
Investment in the ETI Securities is only suitable for investors who have the knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms and the merits and risks of an investment in the ETI 
Securities in the context of the investor’s own financial, tax and regulatory circumstances and investment 
objectives.  
Investment in the ETI Securities (or a participation therein) is only suitable for investors who:  
(a) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the ETI Securities (or a participation 
therein) for an indefinite period of time; and  
(b) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the ETI Securities (or a participation 
therein) for a substantial period of time, if at all.  
The applicable Final Terms in connection with a Series of ETI Securities may contain sections setting 
out, in relation to the relevant Series, certain suitability and other investment considerations and / or risk 
factors relating to such Series and particular attention is drawn to those sections.  
Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has any additional duties to investors that are acquiring an interest 
in the ETI Securities (or a participation therein) not for their own account for investment, but with a view 
to resell, distribute or otherwise dispose of such interest (subject to any applicable law requiring that the 
resale, distribution or other disposition of the investor’s property be within its control).  
The Issuer or the Arranger or any Authorised Participant may, in their discretion, disregard interest 
shown by a prospective investor even though that investor satisfies the foregoing suitability standards.

--- Page 8 ---
2  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
None of the Issuer or the Arranger or any Authorised Participant provide investment advice and therefore 
do not make any personal recommendations to investors or their representatives regarding investments 
in the ETI Securities.  
Potential investors are also advised to seek the advice of their bank or an independent financial and/or 
legal and/or tax advisor and/or any other professional advisor before making any investment decision 
and to observe any local sales restrictions.  
The risks described may have a negative impact on the performance and liquidity of the ETI Securities.    
Please note that several risk factors may simultaneously affect the performance of the ETI Securities 
without any binding statement being made about their interaction. In addition, other currently unknown 
or unforeseeable risks may also have a negative impact on the value.  
 
1 
Issuer Risks 
1.1  
Risks relating to the Issuer as a special purpose company  
The Issuer is a “special purpose company” and has been established for the sole purpose of 
issuing multiple Series of ETI Securities under the Programme and the hedging of its 
obligations arising pursuant to such issuances. The Issuer has an issued share capital only 
in the amount of EUR 50,000.    It is a public limited company incorporated under the laws 
of Liechtenstein. Should any unforeseen expenses or liabilities (which have not been 
provided for) arise, the Issuer may be unable to meet them, leading to an Event of Default 
under the ETI Securities.  
1.2  
No Ringfencing of the assets of the Issuer     
The Issuer will incur obligations from time to time with respect to further Series of ETI 
Securities. There will be no ringfencing of the assets of the Issuer and all Series of ETI 
Securities will have recourse to a single pool of assets of the Issuer. Accordingly, investors 
in one Series of ETI Securities will be exposed to the risk of the Issuer defaulting under 
another Series of ETI Securities or otherwise being unable to discharge its obligations in 
respect of any other Series of ETI Securities. In the event that there is a shortfall in the assets 
of the Issuer such that it is unable to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities, 
such shortfall may be shared on a pro rata basis by all Series of ETI Securities.  
1.3  
Creditworthiness and solvency risk of the Issuer  
In the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, investors run the risk of suffering the total loss of their 
investment. Capital protection is not applicable in respect of the Issuer or an investment in 
the ETI Securities. Investors in ETI Securities should therefore review their respective 
financial circumstances to determine whether they are in a position to bear the risks of loss 
associated with an investment in the ETI Securities, in particular a total loss risk.  
2  
Risks relating to the ETI Securities     
2.1  
Nature of an investment in ETI Securities  
The ETI Securities are not principal protected and are a high-risk investment. The ETI 
Security holders are neither assured of repayment of the capital invested nor are they 
assured of payment of any return on such capital.

--- Page 9 ---
3  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Any payments to be made on the ETI Securities depend on the value of the relevant 
Underlying Securities to which they are linked. Should the Underlying Securities decrease in 
value, ETI Security holders will incur a partial or total loss of their investment.  
2.2  
Ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities     
Holders of the ETI Securities will be exposed to the risk that the Issuer will have insufficient 
assets to meet its obligations under the ETI Securities. While the return payable by the Issuer 
on a redemption of the ETI Securities of each Series will be linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Securities to which that Series is linked, there can be no assurance that the Issuer 
will have sufficient assets to pay this amount. The Issuer does not have substantial assets 
other than the proceeds of the ETI Securities and accordingly the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the ETI Securities will depend upon the performance of any investments 
acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds of the ETI Securities. The Issuer has discretion as 
to how the proceeds of each Series of ETI Securities are used and if the Issuer was to invest 
in assets that did not perform as well as the Underlying Securities, it is likely that the Issuer 
would not have sufficient assets to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. 
To mitigate this risk the Issuer is subject to an obligation to comply with a maximum Risk 
Capital Ratio which will limit the ability of the Issuer to invest in assets other than the 
Underlying Securities.     
2.3  
Limited recourse nature of the ETI Securities     
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETI Securities, the Series Parties 
(other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) and the ETI Security holders hall have 
recourse only to the assets of the Issuer. Any claims in relation to the ETI Securities and any 
claims against the Issuer of any other creditors of the Issuer who have agreed to limit their 
recourse in respect of such claim to the assets of the Issuer (together the “Pari Passu 
Claims”) shall be reduced pro rata (such reduction to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent) so that the total value of all Pari Passu Claims and any other unsecured claims 
against the Issuer shall not exceed the aggregate value of any remaining assets of the Issuer 
(the “Remaining Assets”). If, following the utilisation of the Remaining Assets, any 
outstanding claim of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the 
ETI Security holders against the Issuer remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall 
be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the 
extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent), the ETI Security holders or any other person acting on behalf of any 
of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect 
of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in 
respect of such further sum. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent has not agreed to any limitation on its recourse against the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
assets or to the extinguishment of any claims it has or may have against the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s assets or to the steps that it may take against the Issuer.     
2.4  
Liquidity  
Upon issuance of each Series of ETI Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme, 
no secondary market for such Series will exist. Prospective purchasers of the ETI Securities

--- Page 10 ---
4  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
should therefore recognise that they may not be able to make any transfer of the ETI 
Securities for a substantial period of time, if at all.    Investors who wish to realise their 
investment may be required to redeem the ETI Securities and as described below, the right 
of redemption may be suspended by the Issuer at certain times.    Investment in the ETI 
Securities is therefore only suitable for investors who are capable of bearing the economic 
risk of an investment in the ETI Securities for extended periods.    The ETI Securities will be 
subject to restrictions on transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale.”  
2.5  
Suspension of Redemptions     
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities at any time while 
the redemption of the Underlying Securities has been suspended by the Underlying Issuer.    
Unless terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, such suspension 
shall continue until such time as the suspension of the Underlying Securities terminates.     
The Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Series Parties and the ETI Security holders as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but the failure to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such 
discretions.     
No redemption of the ETI Securities shall take place for the duration of any period during 
which the redemption of the ETI Securities is suspended. In such circumstances ETI Security 
holders would accordingly be unable to redeem any ETI Securities they hold within the 
normal timeframes specified in the Conditions.  
2.6  
Issuer call option  
The Issuer may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all or some 
of the ETI Securities of a Series. In exercising such discretion, the Issuer will have no regard 
to the interests of the ETI Security holders, and ETI Security holders may receive less, or 
substantially less, than their initial investment.  
 
2.7  
ETI Security holders’ resolutions  
The ETI Security holders may pass a resolution (whether at a ETI Security holders ’ meeting 
by way of vote or by written resolution) in respect of (among any other matters) amendments 
to the Conditions of the ETI Securities and / or any other agreements relating to the ETI 
Securities. The quorum requirements for the holding of ETI Security holders ’ meetings shall 
be 75% and the voting thresholds required to pass resolutions at such meetings (or through 
written resolutions) to pass a resolution other than an Extraordinary Resolution is a clear 
majority of the votes cast at the meeting. The voting threshold at any ETI Security holders ’ 
meeting in respect of an Extraordinary Resolution is at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast at 
the meeting (and, in the case of a written resolution, ETI Security holders holding 75 per cent 
of the aggregate number of ETI Securities outstanding who at such time are entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting).     
ETI Security holders should be aware that any resolution (including an Extraordinary 
Resolution) duly passed by ETI Security holders of a Series will bind all the ETI Security 
holders.

--- Page 11 ---
5  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
2.8  
Tracking error  
While the amount which an ETI Security holders will be entitled to receive from the Issuer 
upon a redemption of its ETI Securities will be dependent upon the value of the relevant 
Underlying Securities, the amount received by an ETI Security holders may be less than they 
would have received had they invested directly in the relevant Underlying Securities. Such a 
difference in the performance of the ETI Securities of a Series and the relevant Underlying 
Securities will arise due to the Margin factor which may be considered in the calculation of 
the Redemption Amount.  
2.9 
Clearing Systems  
ETI Securities under the Programme must be held through Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (“Clearstream“) and investors will not be entitled to receive individual certificates 
and will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Clearstream. Holders of bearer 
ETI Securities have to rely on the procedures of Clearstream for transfer, payment and 
communication with the issuer. 
2.10  
Not a bank deposit  
Any investment in the ETI Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in 
Liechtenstein and is not within the scope of any deposit protection scheme. The Issuer is not 
regulated by the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority by virtue of the issue of the ETI 
Securities.  
3  
Risks relating to the Underlying Securities  
3.1  
Underlying Securities  
The return payable by the Issuer in respect of the ETI Securities of each Series will be linked 
to the performance of Underlying Securities issued by an Underlying Issuer, which are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for that Series. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in its discretion use the proceeds of the ETI Securities to purchase Underlying 
Securities to which a Series is linked. 
Such Underlying Securities do not offer principal protection but would be redeemed at a 
predetermined price linked primarily to the performance of an underlying asset or a portfolio 
of assets created by the relevant Underlying Issuer for such purposes pursuant to its articles 
of association and the Protected Cell Companies Act 2001 of Gibraltar. 
The assets to which the performance of the Underlying Securities is linked may be 
unpredictable and volatile and the relevant Underlying Issuer does not guarantee that any 
changes will be beneficial. As a result, the value of such Underlying Securities may decrease 
and accordingly an investor in the ETI Securities may receive less than the amount initially 
invested or even zero.     
Furthermore, if the Issuer were to invest in such Underlying Securities it may on redemption 
receive less than the amount initially invested which may adversely affect its ability to 
discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. Furthermore, the relevant 
Underlying Issuer may decide, opt, fail or otherwise default in making any payment on the

--- Page 12 ---
6  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Underlying Securities which would, in turn, result in the Issuer being unable to effect payment 
to Investors.    Any Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer will not be held by the Issuer 
for the benefit of the Investors and ETI Security holders will not have any claim in respect of 
any such assets or any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights or 
rights to receive any distributions in respect of the relevant underlying assets. In addition, 
ETI Security holders will have no claim against the relevant Underlying Issuer in relation to 
any such Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer. The relevant Underlying Issuer has 
no obligation to act in the interests of Investors.  
3.2  
No interest in the Underlying Securities  
For the avoidance of doubt, the ETI Securities issued under the Programme will not convey 
any interest in the Underlying Securities nor confer on the holders of such ETI Securities any 
right (whether in respect of voting, dividend or other distribution) which the holder of any of 
the Underlying Securities may have. The Issuer will not be an agent of the holders of the ETI 
Securities for any purpose.  
3.3  
Nature of an investment in the Underlying Securities     
The Underlying Securities are not principal protected and any payments to be made on the 
Underlying Securities depend on the value of the related asset or the portfolio of assets 
maintained by the relevant Underlying Issuer. Should the related asset or the portfolio of 
assets decrease in value, the value of the Underlying Securities will correspondingly 
decrease which could result in holders of the ETI Securities incurring a partial or total loss of 
their investment.  
3.4  
Risk of the Underlying Issuer  
By acquiring ETI Securities, investors will be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant 
Underlying Issuer specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer will similarly be exposed to the 
credit risk of the relevant Underlying Issuer if it directly acquires the Underlying Securities.     
The Underlying Issuers are not constituted as subsidiaries of the Issuer. Each Underlying 
Issuer is a special purpose entity with no business operations other than issuing the 
Underlying Securities, acquiring and owning the related assets or portfolios of assets, and 
entering into related transaction documents. Therefore, the ability of the relevant Underlying 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Underlying Securities will depend, inter alia, upon 
the performance of the related assets or portfolios of assets. Other than the foregoing, the 
relevant Underlying Issuer will have no funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Underlying Securities.  
3.5  
Information Regarding the Underlying Securities  
Certain information regarding the Underlying Securities and the Underlying Issuers is 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Such information has been extracted from information 
published by the Underlying Issuers. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced. No further or other responsibility in respect of such information is 
accepted by the Issuer. The Issuer has not separately verified such information. Accordingly, 
other than as stated above, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made, and no responsibility or liability is accepted, by the Issuer as to the accuracy or

--- Page 13 ---
7  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
completeness of the information concerning the Underlying Securities and the Underlying 
Issuers contained in this Base Prospectus.     
In addition to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, potential investors should 
consult the further information on the Underlying Issuer and the related Underlying Securities 
which can be found on the website of the Arranger, https://altariuscapital.com. Potential 
Investors should conduct their own investigations and, in deciding whether or not to purchase 
ETI Securities, should form their own views on the Underlying Issuers and the Underlying 
Securities based on such investigations and not in reliance on any information given in this 
Base Prospectus.  
3.6  
Provision of information  
None of the Series Parties (i) has provided or will provide prospective purchasers of ETI 
Securities with any information or advice with respect to the Underlying Securities, or (ii) 
makes any representation as to the quality of the Underlying Securities. The Series Parties 
may have acquired, or during the term of the ETI Securities may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to the Underlying Securities which will not be disclosed to investors.     
The timing and limited scope of the information provided to investors regarding the 
Underlying Securities may affect the liquidity of the ETI Securities and the ability to obtain 
valuations accordingly. None of the Series Parties is under any obligation to make such 
information, whether or not confidential, available to investors.  
4  
Risks relating to taxation  
Each ETI Security holders will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or 
local taxes or other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it 
in respect of the ETI Securities.    The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to ETI 
Security holders to reimburse them for any tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld 
or deducted from payments in respect of the ETI Securities. The tax legislation of the 
investor’s Member State and of the issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the ETI Securities.     
5  
Regulatory risk  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current 
securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will 
operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. There is no assurance, 
however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary 
view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view 
by any such regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders 
of ETI Securities. Prospective investors should note that because the Issuer and the ETI 
Securities will not be licensed, registered, authorised or otherwise approved by any 
regulatory or supervisory body or authority, many of the requirements attendant to such 
licensing, registration, authorisation or approval (which may be viewed as providing 
additional investor protection) will not apply.

--- Page 14 ---
8  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
6  
Risks relating to Conflicts of Interest     
One (1) or more individuals may hold shares in and/or may be appointed to the board of 
directors (whether as executive or non-executive directors) of the Issuer, any Underlying 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Calculation Agent and/or any Authorised Participants. Such person 
may have an interest in securing maximum profits for the entities in which he holds shares 
or of which he is a director to the detriment of the Issuer and ETI Security holders.  
Altarius Capital Limited is acting in a number of capacities in connection with this transaction. 
With respect to the Issuer, Altarius Capital Limited will act as the Arranger, an Authorised 
Participant and the Calculation Agent. Furthermore, with respect to the Underlying Issuers, 
Altarius Capital Limited will also act as Arranger. Altarius Capital Limited will have only those 
duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in the Series Documents to which it is a 
party and will not, by virtue of its or any of its affiliates acting in any other capacity, be deemed 
to have any other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to be held to a standard of care 
other than as expressly provided therein.  
Altarius Capital Limited is also responsible for managing the investments of the Underling 
Issuer and for the calculation of the Net Asset Value of each Underlying Security of the ETI 
Securities. 
Altarius Capital Limited may also be entitled to receive a number of fees in connection with 
the various capacities in which it is acting. The relevant Calculation Agency Agreement may 
provide that the Issuer shall pay to the Calculation Agent such fees as may be separately 
agreed between them from time to time. The relevant management agreement may provide 
that the Underlying Issuer shall pay to the Manager such fees as may be separately agreed 
between them from time to time. Altarius Capital Limited may also be entitled to receive a 
fee from the relevant Underlying Issuer and other service providers like prime brokers used 
by the Underlying Issuer.     
Altarius Capital Value SL is the 100% owner of Altarius ETI AG (the Issuer) and Altarius 
Capital Ltd (the Arranger and Calculation Agent of the Issuer, the Arranger and Manager of 
the Underlying Issuer), which is the 100% owner of Altarius Index PCC Limited (Underlying 
Issuer). The Altarius Group may have an interest to maximise profits on these companies, 
and this may result in a conflict of interests that may negatively affect ETI Security holders. 
To manage this risk, the Altarius Group has a Conflicts of Interest Policy in place available 
upon request free of charge. 
7  
Risks relating to other factors  
7.1  
No restrictions on activities  
Any of the Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their behalf may 
have existing or future business relationships (including depository, lending, advisory or any 
other kind of commercial or investment management activities or other business) with any of 
the other Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their behalf and 
may purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any assets or obligations of, or relating to, any such 
party.    Any of the Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their 
behalf may act with respect to any such business, assets or obligations without regard to any

--- Page 15 ---
9  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
possible consequences for the Issuer, the ETI Securities or any ETI Security holders (or the 
impact of any such dealing on the interests of any ETI Security holders) or otherwise.  
7.2  
Credit risk in respect of the Agents  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the ETI Securities will be dependent 
upon the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent making the relevant payments when due.     
 
Accordingly, ETI Security holders are exposed, inter alia, to the creditworthiness of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.     
7.3  
Currency risk  
ETI Security holders may be exposed to currency risks, because (i) the Underlying Securities 
may be denominated in a currency other than the applicable currency of the ETI Securities; 
(ii) the ETI Securities    are denominated in a currency other than that of the country in which 
the ETI Security holders    is a resident; or (iii) the assets comprised in the portfolio to which 
the Underlying Securities are linked are denominated in a currency other than the applicable 
currency of the ETI Securities. The value of the ETI Securities may therefore increase or 
decrease, based on currency fluctuations.  
7.4  
Independent review and advice  
Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of 
the ETI Securities: (a) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the ETI Securities in a 
fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition; (b) complies 
and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
(whether acquiring the ETI Securities    as principal or in a fiduciary capacity); and (c) is a fit, 
proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the ETI Securities    in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the ETI Securities.  
7.5  
No reliance  
Other than the Issuer disclosing these risk factors, the Series Parties and all affiliates of any 
of them cannot and do not have any duty to advise purchasers of the ETI Securities of 
suitability and investment considerations for such purchasers associated with the purchase 
of the ETI Securities as they may exist at the date hereof or from time to time hereafter.     
Each prospective investor should ensure that it fully understands the nature of the transaction 
into which it is entering and the nature and extent of its exposure to the risk of loss of all or a 
substantial part of its investment.    In relation to any issue of ETI Securities under the 
Programme, attention is drawn, in particular, to Condition 5.2 (Limited Recourse and non-
petition) and Condition 10 (Enforcement).  
ETI Securities issued by the Issuer under its Programme may be illiquid investments the purchase of 
which involves substantial risks. None of the Issuer or the Arranger or any Authorised Participant will 
undertake to make a market in the ETI Securities of any Series.

--- Page 16 ---
10  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Investors’ attention is also drawn to the Taxation section of this Base Prospectus.  
The tax consequences for each investor in the ETI Securities can be different and therefore investors 
are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific consequences.  
THE CONSIDERATIONS SET OUT ABOVE ARE NOT, AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE, A 
COMPREHENSIVE LIST OF ALL CONSIDERATIONS RELEVANT TO A DECISION TO PURCHASE 
OR HOLD ANY ETI SECURITIES.

--- Page 17 ---
11  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
In accordance with Article 8(11) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus should also be read 
and construed in conjunction with the form of the Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms and the relevant 
Conditions of the ETI Securities from the previous base prospectus relating to the Issuer’s Programme 
which was approved by the FMA on 14th June 2022 (the "Previous Base Prospectus") (with respect 
to any ETI Securities offered to the public and which offer continues after the expiration of such previous 
base prospectus under which it was commenced), which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Audited financial statements for period ending 31st December 2021 as well as none audited financial 
statements for the period ending 31st December 2022 have been prepared and are included at Annex 1 
of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time. 
Copies of all documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found on the website 
of the Arranger, https://altariuscapital.com.

--- Page 18 ---
12  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SERIES  
 
General  
The information relating to the Issuer’s Programme set out in this Base Prospectus should be read in 
conjunction with the relevant Final Terms in relation to any particular Series of ETI Securities and the 
terms of the relevant Constituting Document relating to such ETI Securities. Further information in 
respect of each Series of ETI Securities, and of the terms and conditions specific thereto, will be given 
in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Constituting Document.     
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time create ETI Securities in the form of 
derivative securities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the ETI Securities (the “Conditions”). 
The ETI Securities will be issued in series (each a “Series”) which may comprise one or more tranches 
issued on different issue dates. The ETI Securities of each tranche of the same Series will all be subject 
to identical terms, except for the issue dates and / or issue prices of the respective tranches. References 
herein to the “Conditions” of any Series or Tranche of ETI Securities are to the conditions of the ETI 
Securities of a Series or Tranche, being those set out under “Terms and Conditions of the ETI Securities” 
below, as completed by the applicable Final Terms in respect of each issue of ETI Securities, and by 
any other document specified as doing so. The applicable Final Terms relating to a Series or Tranche 
may complete any of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, and in respect of such a Series the 
descriptions in this Base Prospectus shall be read as being subject to the Conditions as completed 
accordingly.    In respect of any Series or Tranche of ETI Securities, the Issuer may issue a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus containing additional information in relation to the Conditions which are to apply 
to that Series or Tranche.     
The ETI Securities will be issued in the form of Global Notes as Bearer ETI Securities and serially 
numbered. Their Denomination(s) and Relevant Currency are specified in the Final Terms.  
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Terms and Conditions of the ETI Securities” contains 
further details relating to the form of ETl Securities which may be issued under the Issuer’s Program. 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Subscription and Sale” contains further details relating to 
the selling and transfer restrictions applicable to the ETI Securities. Other than as expressly disclosed 
in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken which would permit a public offering of the ETl 
Securities or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in any 
jurisdiction where action for this purpose would be required.  
Investors of the ETI Securities shall at no time have the right to demand physical securities. 
Each Series of ETI Securities will be governed by the laws of Liechtenstein.  
ETI Securities may be issued on a continuous basis in Series with no minimum size subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, including, without limitation, any applicable 
requirements of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange or any other Relevant Stock Exchange or competent 
authority on or by which the ETI Securities of a Series are intended to be listed or traded.     
ETI Securities will be made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants who 
have submitted a valid subscription order to the Issuer. ETI Securities will be issued to investors as per

--- Page 19 ---
13  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
the arrangements in place between the Authorised Participants and such investor, including as to the 
application process, allocation, price, expenses and settlement arrangements.  
Listing  
Application has been made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for certain Series to be admitted to listing 
and trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange’s regulated market.     
The Frankfurt Stock Exchange, with its electronic trading platform Xetra, is the location of the 
largest stock exchange in Germany. Deutsche Börse AG has been commissioned by the State 
of Hesse to operate the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. This means that it provides all the necessary 
technical and personnel services for the functioning of the marketplaces. 
Deutsche Börse AG is thus the operator of the public "Frankfurt Stock Exchange" with its two 
trading centres "Xetra" and "Frankfurt Stock Exchange". Deutsche Börse is a company 
organised under private law whose shares are listed and tradable on the stock exchange. The 
carrier of trading in warrants, certificates and other structured products is Börse Frankfurt 
Zertifikate AG. 
In addition, an application may be made for a Series to be listed on any other stock exchange or 
multilateral trading facility or a Series may be unlisted.    There can be no assurance that any application 
for listing will be successful or that if successful, that the admission to listing will be maintained for the 
term of the ETI Securities.     
Selling restrictions  
There are restrictions on the offer or sale of ETI Securities and the distribution of offering materials, see 
the section of this Securities Note entitled “Subscription and Sale”.     
Public offers of ETI Securities in the European Economic Area  
The ETI Securities may, subject as provided below, be offered in certain Member States of the European 
Economic Area which have implemented the Prospectus Regulation in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.    Any such 
offer is referred to as a “Public Offer”.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of ETI Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or the Arranger to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation  
In the context of any Public Offer of the ETI Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility for the content 
of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person to whom an offer is made by any Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the Base Prospectus where the offer 
is made in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent.  
The Issuer has no responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements 
or other securities law requirements in relation to such Public Offer.

--- Page 20 ---
14  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Public Offer and the Issuer 
has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any person in connection with any Public Offer 
of ETI Securities. Any Public Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer 
does not accept any liability or responsibility for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised 
offer.    If, in the context of a Public Offer, any person is offered ETI Securities by a person which is not 
an Authorised Offeror, any potential investor should check with such person whether anyone is 
responsible for this Base Prospectus, and if so, who that person is.    If such potential investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice.  
Consent  
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of ETI Securities, the Issuer consents to the 
use of the Base Prospectus by each financial intermediary identified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
an authorised offeror (an “Authorised Offeror”) in connection with any offer of ETI Securities that is not 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”) during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”), 
in the relevant Member State(s) and subject to the applicable conditions, in each case specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
INVESTORS INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY ETI SECURITIES IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
ETI SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
INVESTOR AND THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION.    NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE ARRANGER HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION.  
Applications for ETI Securities under Public Offers  
Applications for the ETI Securities should be made directly to an Authorised Offeror.     
Governing law  
The governing law of the ETI Securities is Liechtenstein law.

--- Page 21 ---
15  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
OVERVIEW OF SERIES 
 
 
 
 
NOTES  
1. 
The Issuer has discretion with respect to how the issue proceeds of the ETI Securities are applied and may, 
but is not obliged to, use such proceeds to subscribe for Underlying Securities.  
2. 
The assets of the Issuer will be realised to discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the ETI 
Securities.  
3. 
The Redemption Amounts payable to ETI Security holders in respect of the ETI Securities (as calculated in 
accordance with the Conditions) will reflect the performance of the Underlying Securities.    The ETI Securities 
shall not bear any interest.

--- Page 22 ---
16  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
INVESTOR RETURN     
 
 
ETI Securities of each Series will provide a return equal to the Redemption Amount (as described below) 
which will reflect the performance of the Underlying Securities.     
The Final Terms for each Series of ETI Securities will specify the Underlying Security and related 
Underlying Issuer which are applicable for that Series. Details of the Underlying Issuers that may be 
specified in the Final Terms are included in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the “The 
Underlying Issuers”.  
The Redemption Amount payable under the ETI Securities may diverge from the price of the Underlying 
Securities due to the Margin Factor which is considered in the calculation of the Redemption Amount.  
Redemption Amount  
The Redemption Amount in respect of an ETI Securities for any day (the “Relevant Day”), is calculated 
as follows:  
 
 
    NAV(t) 
Redemption Amount = ------------- * Adjustment Factor * Denomination * Margin Factor 
 
 
    NAV(0) 
Where:  
“Adjustment Factor”: A number starting at 1 and adjusted on each day on which a Corporate Action is 
affected in respect of the Underlying Security, such adjustment to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent and made in such a way that the Redemption Amount is not affected by the Corporate Action of 
the Underlying Security;  
“Corporate Action” means all corporate law measures including splits, dividend pay-outs, payouts by 
means of reduction of capital, mergers, capital increases or reductions and similar transactions having 
economic effects on the Underlying Issuer and/or the Underlying Security;  
“Margin Factor” means 98% (or such higher percentage as the Issuer may in its absolute discretion 
determine) provided however that in respect of any redemption occurring following a Risk Capital Default 
Event, the Margin Factor shall be 100%;     
“NAV(t)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the NAV Day immediately preceding the Relevant Day;  
“NAV(0)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the first NAV Day immediately following the Series 
Issue Date;  
“NAV Day”: Each day the Underlying Issuer accepts without restrictions subscriptions as well as 
redemptions in respect of the Underlying Security; and  
“NAV of the Underlying”: means, in respect of each NAV Day, the price receivable by redeeming the 
Underlying Security on such NAV Day.  
The ETI Securities are derivative zero-coupon debt instruments that shall not bear any interest.

--- Page 23 ---
17  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Redemption by ETI Security holders  
An ETI Security holder    which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in the 
Conditions) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its holding 
of such ETI Securities only where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that 
Standard Redemption is permitted or, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities 
specifies that Standard Redemption is not permitted, only if the Issuer has notified the ETI Security 
holders that Standard Redemption will be permitted. 
An ETI Securities Security holder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in 
the Conditions) on any AP Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETI 
Securities at the Redemption Amount by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.     
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day in respect of any Redemption Order, the 
Issuer shall notify the relevant ETI Security holder    of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
ETI Securities which are subject of that Redemption Order. The Redemption Amount in respect of ETI 
Securities which are subject of that Redemption Order shall be paid on the Redemption Settlement Date 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Day which shall be the tenth Issuer Business Day after the 
notification by the Issuer of the Redemption Amount for that Redemption Day.     
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the redemption of ETI Securities by transfer 
of the appropriate number of ETI Securities to one or more Authorised Participants from ETI Security 
holders requesting redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of 
the ETI Security holders to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number 
of ETI Securities    provided that the amount payable to the ETI Security holders shall nonetheless be 
an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount and the relevant Redemption Settlement Date 
shall be the date of such transfer.  
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement agree with any ETI 
Security holder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy any request for the redemption of any 
ETI Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such ETI Security holder on the Redemption 
Settlement Date of Underlying Securities with a value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the Redemption Amount.  
Suspension of Optional Redemptions  
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities at any time while the 
redemption of the Underlying Securities has been suspended by the Underlying Issuer. Unless 
terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, such suspension shall continue until 
such time as the suspension of the Underlying Securities terminates.     
The Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension to 
the Series Parties and the ETI Security holders in accordance with Condition 16, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but the failure to give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions.     
Issuer Call Redemption Event  
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the ETI Security holders of any Series (such notice, 
the “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”), elect to redeem all or some only of the ETI Securities and

--- Page 24 ---
18  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
designate a Redemption Day for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Redemption 
Day shall not be earlier than the first calendar day following the date of the relevant Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice. Within ten Issuer Business Days of such Redemption Day designated by the Issuer 
the Issuer shall notify the ETI Security holders of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of the ETI 
Securities which are the subject of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice. Each ETI Security which is to be 
redeemed on such Redemption Day designated by the Issuer shall become due and payable on the 
related Redemption Settlement Date at its Redemption Amount. In the event that only some of the 
outstanding ETI Securities of a Series are called for redemption pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption 
Notice, a pro rata portion of each ETI Security holder’s ETI Securities of that Series shall be subject to 
such redemption.     
 
Perpetual ETI Securities  
ETI Securities can be structured as perpetual securities, which do not have a specified maturity date. 
Maturity terms, if any, will be specified in the Final Terms of each Series of ETI Securities.  
 
 
Calculation of Redemption Amounts 
The Redemption Amount for ETI Securities will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
to the calculation agency agreement.

--- Page 25 ---
19  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
THE UNDERLYING ISSUER     
 
The ETI Securities are linked to the price of the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms and as 
identified below (the “Underlying Securities”). The issuer of the Underlying Securities (the “Underlying 
Issuer”) will also be specified in the Final Terms. In general, as the value of the Underlying Securities 
increases or decreases, so will the Redemption Amount payable in respect of such ETI Securities.     
Investors should note that the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, apply the proceeds of the ETI Securities 
towards the acquisition of the relevant Underlying Securities. However, as described at the section below 
entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the Issuer is required to comply with a maximum Risk Capital Ratio which 
will limit the extent to which the Issuer can invest in assets other than those which serve as a direct 
hedge of the Issuer’s obligations under the ETI Securities.  
Set out below is a description of Altarius Index PCC Limited which may be specified as an Underlying 
Issuer for any Series of ETI Securities. In the cases when the Underlying Issuer is not Altarius Index 
Pcc, the Underlying Issuer shall be specified in the Final Terms.  
  
Altarius Index PCC Limited 
Altarius Index PCC Limited is a protected cell company incorporated with limited liability in accordance 
with the Protected Cell Companies Act 2001 of Gibraltar and with company registration number 122055. 
The registered office of Altarius Index PCC Limited is 2 Irish Town, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA and its 
telephone number is +350 200 79008. The duration of Altarius Index PCC Limited is indefinite.  
Altarius Index PCC Limited has been established principally for the purposes of issuing bonds, notes or 
loan or other debt securities or instruments, secured or unsecured, in respect of which the repayment 
of capital and interest is to be funded from Altarius Index’s investments. Altarius Index PCC Limited falls 
within the definition of “securitisation special purpose entities” as defined at regulation 4(1) of the 
Financial Services (Alternative Investment Fund Managers) Regulations 2020 and as such is exempt 
from the aforementioned regulations pursuant to regulation 6(1)(g). Altarius Index PCC Limited has no 
subsidiaries.  
An overview of Altarius Index PCC Limited is included below. Further information on Altarius Index PCC 
Limited and the cells it may create from time to time, including extracts from the latest offering documents 
of Altarius Index PCC Limited can be found on the website of the Arranger, https://altariuscapital.com. 
Cell Securities     
Altarius Index PCC Limited may create an unlimited number of cells (the “Cells”) which are not separate 
legal entities from Altarius Index PCC Limited but have segregated assets and liabilities between 
themselves. Details of the Cells established from time to time by Altarius Index PCC Limited including 
the investment objectives, strategies and restrictions which apply to such Cells, will be specified in the 
offering supplements or similar documents.  
Altarius Index PCC Limited may issue cell shares (“Cell Shares”) or cell linked notes (“Cell Linked 
Notes” and together with the Cell Shares, the “Cell Securities”) in respect of each Cell it establishes.

--- Page 26 ---
20  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Each Cell can issue multiple classes of Cell Shares and also classes of debt instruments and trackers 
being non-segregated from each other. All Cell Securities of a segregated Cell track equally the 
performance of that segregated Cell. 
Underlying Securities     
Where Altarius Index PCC Limited is specified as the relevant Underlying Issuer for any Series of ETI 
Securities, the Final Terms of that Series will also specify the Cell Securities which are the Underlying 
Securities to which that Series of ETI Securities is linked.     
Management of Altarius Index PCC Limited  
The board of directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited has responsibility for managing Altarius Index PCC 
Limited in accordance with its offering memorandum, any offering supplement(s), the articles of 
association of Altarius Index PCC Limited, Gibraltar law and other relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements.     
The board of directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited is also responsible for the administration and for 
selecting service providers and any other agents as may be necessary from time to time.     
Meetings of the board of directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited are held in Gibraltar.  
The director of Altarius Index PCC Limited as at the date of this Base Prospectus is Altarius Capital 
Limited. 
The directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited shall be entitled to a remuneration of up to 35 basic points 
per annum with a minimum of €38.000 per annum. No further cash or in-kind benefits are anticipated.  
Altarius Index PCC Limited has not established any audit committee nor any remuneration committee.  
It shall be the duty of the directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited to:  
● 
keep cellular assets of Altarius Index PCC Limited separate and separately identifiable from non-
cellular assets of Altarius Index PCC Limited; and     
● 
keep cellular assets attributable to each cell of Altarius Index PCC Limited separate and separately 
identifiable from cellular assets attributable to other cells of Altarius Index PCC Limited.     
The duties described above are not breached by reason only that the directors of Altarius Index PCC 
Limited cause or permit assets of Altarius Index PCC Limited or any of its Cells to be collectively 
invested, or collectively managed by a specific investment manager provided that the assets so invested 
or managed shall remain separately identifiable in accordance with the above provisions.  
Altarius Index PCC Limited has appointed Altarius Capital Limited to act as its fund manager. Altarius 
Capital Limited holds a permission from the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission in accordance with 
the Financial Services Act 2019, to provide fund management services.  
Share Capital of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
The share capital of Altarius Index PCC Limited is divided into one hundred (100) ordinary shares 
(“Management Shares”) as well as one participating and one nominal share per cell.

--- Page 27 ---
21  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Management Shares  
The holder of each Management Share is entitled to one vote per share on all matters which may arise 
for consideration by the holders of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Altarius Index PCC 
Limited.  
The Management Shares of Altarius Index PCC Limited have been issued to Altarius Capital Limited. 
Except to the extent that they have the right to a return of paid up capital on winding-up, the Management 
Shares do not participate in the assets of Altarius Index PCC Limited attributable to one or more 
segregated Cells. 
Each Management Shares confers on its holder the right to receive notice, attend, speak and vote at 
any general meeting of Altarius Index PCC Limited or at any class meeting of holders of Management 
Shares and the right on a winding up of Altarius Index PCC Limited to receive pro rata up to the nominal 
amount paid-up thereon. Management Shares may only be issued or repurchased at par value and the 
proceeds of issue shall form part of the general assets of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
Cell Shares 
Each Cell Share confers on its holder the right to participate in any dividend declared or paid (if any) on 
the class and / or series to which it belongs and the right on a winding-up of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
or the applicable Cell to participate in any surplus assets of the Cell in respect of which it is issued.  
Subject to the limited rights to vote set out in the section ‘Variation of Class Rights’ below, a holder of 
the Cell Shares in Altarius Index PCC Limited shall have no voting rights.  
The proceeds of issue of any Cell Share form part of the assets of the Cell in respect of which it is issued.  
Further Issues of Cell Shares or Class of Shares  
Without prejudice to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of existing Cell Shares, 
Altarius Index PCC Limited may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of the Cell Shares 
or any other classes of Cell Shares (including fractions of Cell Shares) with or without preferred, deferred 
or other special rights or restrictions, whether with regard to dividend, voting or otherwise and to such 
persons, at such times and on such other terms as the board of directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
think proper. Altarius Index PCC Limited may not take such actions in a manner which would reduce the 
financial rights of the holders of Cell Shares without their consent.  
Variation of Class Rights     
If at any time the share capital of Altarius Index PCC Limited is divided into classes of shares, the rights 
attached to any then existing class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of 
that class) may, whether or not Altarius Index PCC Limited is being wound up, be varied with the consent 
in writing of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the issued Cell Shares of that class and of any 
other class of Cell Shares which may be affected by such variation or by a special resolution (i.e. a 
resolution passed by a three-quarters majority of those persons present and entitled to vote in favour of 
the resolution) passed at a separate class meeting of the holders of the shares of such class or by 
unanimous written resolution of such separate class. It shall not be deemed to be a variation of the rights 
attaching to any particular class of shares for Altarius Index PCC Limited to, inter alia, (i) create, allot or 
issue further Cell Shares ranking pari passu with, in priority to or subsequent to the existing Cell Shares

--- Page 28 ---
22  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
respectively, (ii) amend or vary the investment objective of one or more Cells, (iii) liquidate Altarius Index 
PCC Limited or any Cell and distribute its assets to shareholders Altarius Index PCC Limited in 
accordance with their rights, (iv) vest the assets in, or in trustees for, the shareholders of Altarius Index 
PCC Limited in specie or (v) purchase or redeem its Cell Shares.  
Cell Structure and Segregated Assets  
The assets and liabilities of each Cell constituted by Altarius Index PCC Limited are, and shall be treated 
for all intents and purposes of law as, a pool of assets and liabilities separate from the assets and 
liabilities of each other Cell. Accordingly, the liabilities incurred in respect of a Cell shall be paid out of 
the assets forming part of the pool assets and liabilities of such Cell. In the event that the liabilities of a 
particular Cell exceed its assets, then the proportion of liabilities in excess of the assets shall not be 
allocated to the other Cells. The creditors of that Cell whose liabilities exceed its assets shall have no 
claim or right of action against the assets of the other Cells and of Altarius Index PCC Limited. In terms 
of Gibraltar law, the legal status of each Cell as a pool of assets and liabilities separate from the assets 
and liabilities of each other Cell and as a pool of assets and liabilities separate from the assets and 
liabilities of Altarius Index PCC Limited, shall be respected in any proceedings which may be instituted 
in terms of the Protected Cell Companies Act 2001 when such proceedings either relate to the 
liquidation, dissolution and consequential winding-up of Altarius Index PCC Limited or its re-
organisation. Any such proceedings in relation to any one Cell shall not have any effect on the assets 
of any other Cell or of Altarius Index PCC Limited. The directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited shall hold 
or shall cause to be held such separate accounts, records, statements and other documents as may be 
necessary to evidence the liabilities and assets of each Cell as distinct and separate from the assets 
and liabilities of all the other Cells and of Altarius Index PCC Limited.  
In the case of classes of Cell Shares issued in the same Cell, all assets and liabilities of each such class 
of Cell Shares would form part of the total assets and liabilities of the Cell of which such a class of Cell 
Shares forms part.  
Memorandum and Articles of Association of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
The memorandum and articles of association of Altarius Index PCC Limited do not limit the activities or 
objects of Altarius Index PCC Limited 
The business of Altarius Index PCC Limited shall be managed by its directors, who may exercise all the 
powers of Altarius Index PCC Limited. No alteration of Altarius Index PCC Limited’s articles of 
association and no direction given by a special resolution of the members shall invalidate any prior act 
of the directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited which would have been valid if that alteration had not been 
made or that direction had not been given. The directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited may appoint 
such officers as they consider necessary to perform such duties as the directors of Altarius Index PCC 
Limited think fit.  
General Meetings  
The directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited may convene a general meeting of Altarius Index PCC 
Limited whenever the directors think fit and must do so if required to do so pursuant to a valid members’ 
requisition.    Members holding not less than 10% of the issued Management Shares may requisition a 
general meeting provided:

--- Page 29 ---
23  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
(a) 
the requisition states the objects of the general meeting and must be signed by the 
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of Altarius Index PCC Limited; and  
(b) 
if the directors of Altarius Index PCC Limited do not within 21 days from the date of the 
deposit of a valid requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a 
further 21 days, the requisitionists may themselves convene a general meeting of Altarius 
Index PCC Limited within three months of the date of the deposit of the valid requisition.  
At least five clear days’ notice shall be given of any general meeting of Altarius Index PCC Limited.    
Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the time of the meeting and the general nature of the 
business to be conducted.  
Legal Proceedings     
There are no governmental, legal, litigation or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Altarius Index PCC Limited is aware) which may have or have 
had since the date of its incorporation, significant effects Altarius Index PCC Limited’s financial position 
or profitability.

--- Page 30 ---
24  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETI SECURITIES  
 
  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms 
relating to a particular Series or Tranche of ETI Securities, will be applicable to the ETI Securities of 
such Series or Tranche. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in these terms and conditions 
to “ETI Securities” are to the ETI Securities of one Series only, not to all ETI Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme from time to time.  
The ETI Securities are issued under the exchange traded securities programme of the Issuer (the 
“Programme”) in the form of derivative securities.  
The ETI Securities of the Series (as defined below) of which this ETI Security forms a part (in these 
terms and conditions, the “ETI Securities”) are constituted and governed by or pursuant to a 
Constituting Document relating to the ETI Securities (the “Constituting Document”) dated the Series 
Issue Date (as defined in Condition 1) between the “Issuer” (as defined in the Constituting Instrument) 
and other parties (if any) named therein. By executing the Constituting Document, the Issuer has entered 
into a calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) with one or more of the 
parties defined in the Constituting Document as the “Calculation Agent” set out in the master 
calculation agency terms (the “Master Calculation Agency Terms”) as specified in the Constituting 
Document. 
The Issuer has entered into a Paying Agent Agreement dated 27th May 2022 with Baader Bank AG (the 
“Issuing and Principal Paying Agent”) pursuant to which the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has 
agreed to provide issuing and paying agencies services in respect of each Series of ETI Securities 
issued under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions of a Series of ETI Securities will be the conditions set out below as completed 
by the Final Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the “Conditions” of the ETI 
Securities are to these terms and conditions as so completed, modified and/or supplemented by the 
Final Terms applicable to the ETI Securities.  
1  
Definitions  
1.1  
Definitions  
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:     
“Agents” means the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or any of 
them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETI 
Securities by the Issuer, and any successor or replacement and “Agent” means any of them.  
“AP Redemption Day” means each Issuer Business Day, provided however that if on any 
such day redemptions of the Underlying Securities have been suspended, the AP 
Redemption Day shall be postponed to the day which is ten Issuer Business Days following 
the termination of such suspension.

--- Page 31 ---
25  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“Authorised Participant” means, in relation to any Series of ETI Securities, each person 
appointed by the Issuer in the capacity of authorised participant in respect of that Series 
pursuant to an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the 
authorised participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time) entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant substantially 
on the terms of the Master Authorised Participant Terms.  
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, Tax or governmental authority in 
any jurisdiction. 
“Bearer ETI Securities” means ETI Securities issued in bearer form (including new global 
note form (“NGN”) and the classic global note form (“CGN”) and serially numbered. 
“Calculation Agent Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.4.2. 
“CGN” means Classical Global Note.  
“Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is 
open for business.  
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, which expression shall 
include, where the context so permits, any successor in business of Clearstream. 
“Common Safekeeper” means, in relation to a Series of ETI Securities issued in CGN and 
NGN form, the common safekeeper for Clearstream appointed in respect of such Series. 
“Currency Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case 
of euros, a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
“Definitive Securities” means Bearer ETI Securities in definitive form and includes any 
replacement ETI Security issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Denomination” means, in respect of a Series of ETI Securities, an amount equal to its 
Principal Amount.  
“EEA” means the European Economic Area.  
“ETI Securities” means the Series of ETI Securities to which these Conditions relates or, as 
the context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme.  
“ETI Security holders” and “holder” have the meaning given to them in Condition 2.2.     
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.  
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.

--- Page 32 ---
26  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent is located. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the ETI Security 
holders duly convened and held by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, 
provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETI Securities who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such ETI Security holders duly convened. 
and held.  
“Final Terms” means, in respect of any ETI Securities, the final terms as set out in the 
Constituting Document for such ETI Securities.  
 “Further Tranche” means any Tranche of a Series of ETI Securities issued after the Series 
Issue Date in accordance with Condition 15. 
“Global Bearer Security” means the ETI Securities in bearer form represented by a global 
security. 
“Initial Tranche” means the first Tranche of a Series of ETI Securities issued.  
“Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final 
Terms relating to such Tranche.  
“Issue Price” means, in respect of a Tranche of ETI Securities, the amount per ETI Security 
specified in the Final Terms.  
“Issuer Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Issuer.  
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.6.  
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice Period” means the number of calendar days specified in 
the Final Terms provided that such period shall commence on the calendar day following the 
date of the relevant Issuer Call Redemption Notice. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, 
legal costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on 
any judgment, assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“Master Authorised Participant Terms” means for each Series, the master authorised 
participant terms as specified in the Constituting Document for that Series. 
“Master Definitions” means for each Series, the master definitions as specified in the 
Constituting Document for that Series.     
“Maximum Daily Redemption Limit” means a maximum limit (if applicable) on the 
redemption number of ETI Securities of a Series on any Redemption Day.

--- Page 33 ---
27  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“NGN” means New Global Note.  
“Outstanding” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, in relation to the ETI Securities, 
(i) on the Series Issue Date, the ETI Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any day 
thereafter, all the ETI Securities issued on or prior to such day except (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with Condition 6; (b) those that have been cancelled for any 
reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys have been duly paid to the ETI Security holders or to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of the ETI Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed; (e) those which have been issued and which are pending 
settlement but in respect of which the relevant subscription amount has not paid in full; (f) 
those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 6; (g) those 
mutilated or defaced Bearer ETI Securities that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Bearer ETI Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining how many ETI 
Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Bearer ETI Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement ETI Securities have been issued; and (i) any Global Securities to the extent that 
it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions; 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting 
of the ETI    Security holders, and (2) the determination of how many ETI Securities are 
outstanding for the purpose of the Conditions. Those ETI Securities that are beneficially held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer held) be deemed not 
to remain outstanding. 
“Paying Agent” means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of 
the Issuer, and any successor or replacement thereto.  
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of 
notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default.  
“Principal Amount” means, in respect of any ETI Security, the amount in the Relevant 
Currency specified in the Final Terms.  
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18.2.  
“Quarterly Assessment Date” means the last Issuer Business Day of March, June, 
September and December.     
“Reassessment Date” means the day falling five (5) Issuer Business Days immediately 
following any Quarterly Assessment Date on which the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than the 
Risk Capital Maximum Level. 
“Record Date” means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment. 
“Redemption” means the redemption of ETI Securities by one or more ETI Security holders 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.

--- Page 34 ---
28  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“Redemption Account” means, in respect of ETI Securities, a bank account to receive 
payments in the Relevant Currency of the Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption 
of such ETI Securities, which account be: 
(A) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such 
purposes by the Authorised Participant to the Issuer from time to time; and  
(B) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order.  
“Redemption Amount” means in respect of an ETI Security on any day (the “Relevant 
Day”), an amount calculated as follows:  
NAV(t)  
Redemption Amount = -------------- *Adjustment Factor * Denomination * Margin Factor 
 
NAV(0) 
Where:  
“Adjustment Factor”: A number starting at 1 and adjusted on each day on which a 
Corporate Action is affected in respect of the Underlying Security, such adjustment to 
be determined by the Calculation Agent and made in such a way that the Redemption 
Amount is not affected by the Corporate Action of the Underlying Security;  
“Corporate Action” means all corporate law measures including splits, dividend 
payouts, payouts by means of reduction of capital, mergers, capital increases or 
reductions and similar transactions having economic effects on the Underlying Issuer 
and/or the Underlying Security;  
“Margin Factor” means 98% (or such higher percentage as the Issuer may in its 
absolute discretion determine) provided however that in respect of any redemption 
occurring following a Risk Capital Default Event, the Margin Factor shall be 100%;  
“NAV Day”: Each day the Underlying Issuer accepts without restrictions subscriptions 
as well as redemptions in respect of the Underlying Security;     
“NAV of the Underlying”: means, in respect of each NAV Day, the price receivable by 
redeeming the Underlying Security on such NAV Day;     
“NAV(t)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the NAV Day immediately preceding 
the Relevant Day; and     
“NAV(0)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the first NAV Day immediately 
following the Series Issue Date.     
“Redemption Day” means each AP Redemption Day, each Standard Redemption Day and 
each date designated by the Issuer as a Redemption Day pursuant to Condition 6.6.1.     
“Redemption Settlement Date” means, in respect of any Redemption Day, a day which is 
not later than the tenth Issuer Business Day after the notification of the Redemption Amount 
for that Redemption Day in accordance with Condition 6.3.3 or Condition 6.6.2, provided that 
it is a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day.

--- Page 35 ---
29  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“Redemption Order” means a Redemption Order in the form published from time to time on 
the website of the Arranger (https://altariuscapital.com), or such other form as may be 
acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion.  
“Relevant Clearing System” means Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing Seystem..  
“Relevant Currency” means the currency of denomination of the ETI Securities, as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
“Relevant Provisions” means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the 
Calculation Agency Agreement and the Conditions.  
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other stock 
exchange on which ETI Securities of a Series may be listed.  
“Risk Capital Default Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
“Risk Capital Maximum Level” means 200%. 
“Risk Capital Ratio” means, on any Quarterly Assessment Date, the fraction expressed as 
a percentage obtained by dividing (A) the Risk Assets on that Quarterly Assessment Date 
by (B) the Net Tangible Equity on that Quarterly Assessment Date, 
Where: 
“Net Tangible Equity” means on any date, the shareholders equity of the Issuer less 
goodwill as per the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer; 
“Risk Assets” means Total Assets less Hedging Assets; 
“Total Assets” means on any date, the total assets of the Issuer as per the most recent 
financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer; and 
“Hedging Assets” means on any date, any assets of the Issuer comprised of Underlying 
Securities (including Underlying Securities which the Issuer has agreed to acquire but 
which have not yet settled) in respect of any Series of ETI Securities, as per the date of 
the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer. 
“Securities Act” means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.     
“Series” means all ETI Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including 
the Initial Tranche and any Further Tranche.  
“Series Document” means in respect of each Series, the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
the Paying Agent Agreement (to the extent that it relates to the relevant Series) and each 
Authorised Participant Agreement and “Series Documents” means all such documents.  
“Series Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Series of ETI 
Securities, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
30  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
“Series Party” means a party to a Series Document (other than the Issuer and ETI Security 
holders). 
“Standard Redemption” means the redemption of ETI Securities in accordance with the 
Conditions for an ETI Security holder which is not also an Authorised Participant. 
“Standard Redemption Day” means the Issuer Business Day(s) specified in the Final 
Terms, provided that if on any such day redemptions of the Underlying Securities have been 
suspended, the Standard Redemption Day shall be postponed to the day which is ten Issuer 
Business Days following the termination of such suspension.  
“Subscription Date” means each Issuer Business Day other than a day on which 
subscriptions for the Underlying Security have been suspended.     
“Subscription Limit” means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to issue ETI 
Securities, as may be notified by the Issuer to each Authorised Participant from time to time.  
“Subscription Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the 
Issuer to issue ETI Securities.  
“Subscription Settlement Date” means the second Issuer Business Day after the 
Subscription Trade Date, provided that such Issuer Business Day is both a Currency 
Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day.  
“Subscription Suspension Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to 
each Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice subscription of the ETI 
Securities shall be so suspended.  
“Subscription Trade Date” means a Subscription Date on which a Subscription Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer.     
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto.  
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Authority (including any penalty or 
interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same).  
“Tranche” means, in relation to a Series of ETI Securities issued on any date, the ETI 
Securities that are issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount. 
 “Underlying Issuer” means in respect of each Series, the Underlying Issuer as specified in 
the Final Terms for that Series.  
“Underlying Security” means in respect of each Series, the Cell Securities of the Underlying 
Issuer as specified in the Final Terms for that Series.

--- Page 37 ---
31  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
1.2  
Interpretation  
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Master Definitions.  
2  
Form and Title  
2.1  
Form of ETI Securities  
Bearer ETI Securities will be issued by the Issuer as bearer bonds according to the 
Liechtenstein company law called PGR (Personen- und Gesellschaftsrecht).    Bearer ETI 
Securities shall be serially numbered in the Denomination(s) and Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Bearer ETI Securities will (a) if the Bearer ETI Securities are intended to be issued in New 
Global Note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the Final Terns relating to such Series, be delivered 
on or prior to the original Issue Date to a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream; and (b) if the 
Bearer ETI Securities are intended to be issued in Classic Global Note “CGN” form, as stated 
in the Final Terms relating to such Series be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date 
to a common depositary for Clearstream. 
Clearstream will register the ETI Securities as Bearer Securities on its Main Register in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Note. Bearer ETI Securities are created by the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by drawing down such ETI Securities from Clearstream’s 
Main Register up to the maximum amount specified in the Global Note and crediting them to 
a custody account (Effektengiro) of a depositary bank with Clearstream. 
Each initial purchaser and subsequent transferee of Bearer ETI Securities will be deemed to 
have represented, warranted, undertaken, acknowledged and agreed with the Issuer: 
(i) 
that the ETI Securites have not been and will not be registered under the United 
Sates Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state 
securities laws and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an 
investment company under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the “1940 Act”). Accordingly, the ETI Securities may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise transferred except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws and that does not require 
the Issuer to register under the 1940 Act; and 
(ii) 
that its purchase, holding and disposition of such ETI Securities does not, and will 
not, constitute or result in a “prohibited transaction” under Section 406 of the US 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) or Section 
4975 of the Code, unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions 
and the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
2.2  
Title to the ETI Securities     
Title to the Bearer ETI Securities shall pass by delivery.  
For so long as the ETI Securities are represented by a Global Bearer Security and the Global 
Bearer Security is held on behalf of Clearstream or on behalf of an Alternative Clearing

--- Page 38 ---
32  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
System, beneficial interests in the ETI Securities will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing 
System, as appropriate, and each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount 
of the ETI Securities (in which regard (a) any certificate or other document issued by 
Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing System, or (b) a print-out generated by accessing 
the CEDCOM system, as to the principal amount of the ETI Securities standing to the 
account of any person (the “Accountholder”) shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes) 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of the 
ETI Securities (and the expression “ETI Security holders” and references to “holding of 
ETI Securities” and to “holder of the ETI Securities” shall be construed accordingly) for all 
purposes other than the entitlement to receive payments of principal, interest or any amounts 
due on redemption in respect of the Global Bearer Security. 
Each Accountholder must look solely to its Clearing System for such Accountholder’s share 
of each payment or distribution of any other entitlement made by the Issuer to the holder of 
the Global Bearer Security and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Bearer 
Security. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Bearer Security will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of their Clearing System. Accountholders shall have no claim directly against 
the Issuer, any Agent or any other person (other than their Clearing System) in respect of 
payments or distributions of other entitlements due under the Global Bearer Security which 
are made by the Issuer to the holder of the Global Bearer Security and such obligations of 
the Issuer shall be discharged thereby.  
In respect of ETI Securities converted to certificated securities by the Issuer issuing a 
permanent global certificate or physical securities which are not intermediated securities, the 
holder and legal owner of such ETI Securities will be the person(s) holding the permanent 
global certificate or physical securities (and the expression “holder” as used herein shall be 
construed accordingly).  
3  
Transfers of ETI Securities     
The Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer ETI Securities is exchangeable (free of charge 
to the holder) on or after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities 
if the Global Bearer Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the 
Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do so.  
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global 
Bearer Security surrendering the Global Bearer Security to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for the Global Bearer Security, the Issuer shall deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Securities in an

--- Page 39 ---
33  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
aggregate number equal to the number of ETI Securities represented by the Global Bearer 
Security submitted for exchange.  
Exchange and transfer of ETI Securities will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer but upon payment by the relevant ETI Security holder (or the giving by the relevant 
ETI Security holder of such indemnity as the Issuer and / or the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may 
be imposed in relation to it. 
4  
Constitution and status  
The ETI Securities to be issued under this Base Prospectus will generally be created by 
appropriate resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer. The relevant resolution date 
will be specified in the Final Terms. The ETI Securities of each Series are unsecured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and the ETI Securities of each other Series and recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Condition 5.2.  
5  
Covenant to Pay  
5.1  
Monies due  
The Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment of Redemption Amount under these 
Conditions in respect of any ETI Securities becomes due, unconditionally to pay the ETI 
Security holders in same day cleared funds, the Redemption Amount in respect of the ETI 
Securities which is due and payable on that date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, (1) payment of any Redemption 
Amount due under the ETI Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent as provided in the Paying Agent Agreement shall, to that extent, 
satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Redemption Amount in respect of the ETI 
Securities to the ETI Security holders except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant ETI Security holders and 
(2) a payment of any Redemption Amount made after the due date or as a result of the ETI 
Securities becoming repayable following an Event of Default shall be deemed to have been 
made when the full amount due has been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
and notice to such effect has been given by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to the 
ETI Security holders , except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant ETI Security holders .     
5.2  
Limited recourse and non-petition  
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETI Securities, the Series Parties 
(other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) and the ETI Security holders shall have 
recourse only to the assets of the Issuer. Any claim in relation to the ETI Securities which is 
not discharged in full from the assets of the Issuer (including claims in respect of any other 
Series of ETI Securities but excluding any claims of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
(all such inclusive claims, together the “Pari Passu Claims”) shall be reduced pro rata (such 
reduction to be determined by the Calculation Agent) so that the total value of all Pari Passu 
Claims and any other unsecured claims against the Issuer shall not exceed the aggregate

--- Page 40 ---
34  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
value of any remaining assets of the Issuer (the “Remaining Assets”). If the Remaining 
Assets (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) are insufficient, any outstanding claim 
of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the ETI Security holders 
against the Issuer remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished, and 
no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any 
such claim, none of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent), 
the ETI Security holders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate 
service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim 
and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has not agreed to any 
limitation on its recourse against the Issuer or the Issuer’s assets or to the extinguishment of 
any claims it has or may have against the Issuer or the Issuer’s assets or to the steps that it 
may take against the Issuer.     
The provisions of this Condition 5.2 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETI 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Series Document.  
6  
Redemption  
6.1  
An ETI Security holder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) on any AP Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of 
ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount for that AP Redemption Day by submitting to the 
Issuer a valid Redemption Order in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement.     
6.2  
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that Standard 
Redemption is permitted, an ETI Security holder    which is not also an Authorised Participant 
may (subject as provided herein) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to 
redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount for 
that Standard Redemption Day by submitting a valid Redemption Order to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent through the Relevant Clearing System. Where the relevant Final 
Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that Standard Redemption is not permitted, an 
ETI Security holder    which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in 
the Conditions) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or any 
part of its holding of such ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount for that Standard 
Redemption Day by submitting a valid Redemption Order to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent through the Relevant Clearing System only if the Issuer has notified the ETI Security 
holders in accordance with Condition 17 that Standard Redemption will be permitted (such 
notice to include the relevant Standard Redemption Day(s) for such redemptions). 
6.3  
Redemption Orders     
6.3.1  
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if:  
 
6.3.1.1  
it specifies the number and Series of any ETI Securities to be redeemed;  
6.3.1.2  
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Security holder which is 
not an Authorised Participant in respect of a Standard Redemption Day, it is 
received by the Issuer between the period commencing on the preceding

--- Page 41 ---
35  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Standard Redemption Day and ending on the twenty-first Issuer Business Day 
(inclusive) prior to the Standard Redemption Day in respect of which it has been 
submitted;  
6.3.1.3  
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Security holder which is 
an Authorised Participant in respect of an AP Redemption Day, it is received by 
the Issuer before 12:00 pm (CET) on the Issuer Business Day prior to the AP 
Redemption Day in respect of which it has been submitted;  
6.3.1.4  
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Security holder which is 
not an Authorised Participant and in respect of ETI Securities in the form of 
Definitive Securities, if required by the Issuer, it specifies the Redemption 
Account into which the Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of any 
ETI Security to be redeemed; and  
6.3.1.5  
the number of ETI Securities to be redeemed would not result in any Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit being exceeded (for the purposes of which, Redemption 
Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual receipt by the Issuer).  
6.3.2  
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall notify 
the ETI Security holder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no ETI Securities 
may be redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has determined in its 
absolute discretion is invalid.  
6.3.3  
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day in respect of any Redemption 
Order, the Issuer shall notify the relevant ETI Security holder of the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of ETI Securities which are the subject of that Redemption Order. The 
Redemption Amount in respect of ETI Securities which are the subject of that Redemption 
Order shall be paid on the Redemption Settlement Date in respect of the relevant 
Redemption Day.  
6.3.4  
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Orders on 
five calendar days’ prior notice to the ETI Security holders in accordance with Condition 16 
and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly.  
6.4  
Settlement of Redemptions  
6.4.1  
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Redemption of ETI Securities 
by transfer of the appropriate number of ETI Securities to one or more Authorised Participants 
from ETI Security holders requesting redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may 
authorise any person on behalf of the ETI Security holders to execute one or more 
instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of ETI Securities provided that the 
amount payable to the ETI Security holder shall nonetheless be an amount equal to the 
relevant Redemption Amount and the relevant Redemption Settlement Date shall be the date 
of such transfer.  
6.4.2  
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement agree with 
any ETI Security holder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy any requests for 
the redemption of any ETI Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such ETI Security

--- Page 42 ---
36  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
holder on the Redemption Settlement Date of Underlying Securities with a value determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the Redemption Amount.  
6.5  
Suspension of Optional Redemptions  
6.5.1  
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 at any time when the redemption of the Underlying Securities has been 
suspended by the Underlying Issuer.  
6.5.2  
The following provisions shall apply where redemptions have been suspended pursuant to 
this Condition 6.5:  
6.5.2.1  
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of 
any such suspension to the Series Parties and the ETI Security holders in 
accordance with Condition 16, as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure 
to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions;  
6.5.2.2 
unless terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, any 
such suspension shall continue until such time as the suspension of the 
Underlying Securities terminates; and  
6.5.2.3  
any suspension shall not affect any redemption pursuant to a Redemption 
Order, the Redemption Day for which had passed before the suspension 
commenced, but any Redemption Order in respect of ETI Securities submitted 
or deemed to be received in respect of a Redemption Day when the right to 
request redemption of the ETI Securities pursuant to Condition 6.1 or Condition 
6.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be invalid.  
6.6  
Issuer Call Redemption Event  
6.6.1 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the ETI Security holders in accordance 
with Condition 16, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETI Securities and designate a 
Redemption Day for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Redemption 
Day shall not be earlier than the first calendar day following the expiry of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice Period (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). In the event 
that only some of the outstanding ETI Securities are called for redemption pursuant to an 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro rata portion of each ETI Security holder’s ETI Securities 
shall be subject to such redemption. The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice to each of the Series Parties on the same date as such notice is given to 
the ETI Security holders.  
6.6.2 
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day designated by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 6.6.1, the Issuer shall notify the ETI Security holders of the Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of the ETI Securities which are the subject of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice.     
6.6.3 
Each ETI Security which is to be redeemed on a Redemption Day designated by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 6.6.1 shall become due and payable on the related Redemption 
Settlement Date at its Redemption Amount.

--- Page 43 ---
37  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
7  
Payments, calculations, Agents and records  
7.1  
Payments     
Payments of principal, interest, and other amounts in respect of the ETI Securities shall be 
made, subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s), to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the account(s) 
of the relevant accountholder(s) in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s). The Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall be discharged by 
payment or delivery to, or to the order of, such accountholders.  
7.2  
Payments net of Taxes  
All payments in respect of the ETI Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the 
ETI Securities, the ETI Security holders will be subject to, and shall not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for, any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as 
a result of any such withholding or deduction.     
7.3  
Calculations  
7.3.1  
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such 
time as the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Calculation Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and 
obligations as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith.  
7.3.2  
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good 
faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the ETI 
Security holders and the Series Parties. 
7.4  
Calculation Agent  
7.4.1  
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times 
be a Calculation Agent for so long as any of the ETI Securities are outstanding. 
If the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that 
provides services of a similar type to those required of the Calculation Agent 
under the Relevant Provisions.  
7.4.2  
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in 
contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any ETI Security holders , any other 
Series Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by any such person that 
arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Calculation Agent of 
its obligations under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Conditions and the 
other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the Calculation 
Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad

--- Page 44 ---
38  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Calculation Agent (any such act or 
omission, a “Calculation Agent Breach”).  
7.4.2.1  
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 7.4.2.1, be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the 
Calculation Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETI 
Security holders , any other Series Party or any other person if such Calculation 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the failure by any other 
Series Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such Series 
Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant Series 
Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other Series Party of any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Series Party is required or permitted to give 
to the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any relevant Series Document.  
7.4.2.2  
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 7.4.2.2, be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the 
Calculation Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETI 
Security holders , any other Series Party or any other person if such Calculation 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the Calculation 
Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or 
determination notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions 
and/or any relevant Series Document which is made by another Series Party in 
accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Series Document.  
7.4.3  
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or 
trust with any ETI Security holders.  
7.4.4  
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly 
set forth in the Conditions, the Calculation Agency Agreement and the other 
Relevant Provisions and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind 
will be read into the Calculation Agency Agreement against or on the part of the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, 
assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person 
under the Conditions or any other Series Document unless otherwise agreed 
pursuant to the Relevant Provisions.  
7.5  
Appointment of Agents  
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any ETI Security holder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Calculation Agency Agreement and the Paying Agent Agreement, as applicable, to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to 
the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection 
with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant Series 
Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent and (ii) a Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as may 
be required by these Conditions or any stock exchange on which the ETI Securities may be

--- Page 45 ---
39  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
listed. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent shall 
promptly be given to the ETI Security holders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16.  
7.6  
Business day conventions     
7.6.1  
If any date for payment in respect of any ETI Security is not a Currency Business 
Day and a Clearing System Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following day which is both a Currency Business Day and 
a Clearing System Business Day or to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment.  
7.6.2  
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
an Issuer Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is an Issuer Business Day.  
7.7 
Records 
 For so long as the ETI Securities are represented by a Global Bearer Security in NGN form, 
the records of the Relevant Clearing System (which expression in the Condition 7.7 means 
the records that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers’ interests in the ETI Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the number of the ETI Securities represented by the Global Bearer Security and , for these 
purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be 
made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of ETI Securities represented 
by the Global Bearer Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
7.8 
Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
 In the case of the ETI Securities are Bearer ETI Securities represented by a Global Bearer 
Security, the Global Bearer Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
7.8.1 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee 
all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations 
appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
7.8.2 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all 
previous holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption or 
otherwise payable in respect of the Global Bearer Security and the Issuer waives as against 
such holder and any previous holder of the Global Bearer Security all rights of set-off or 
counterclaim that would or might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations 
evidenced by the Global Bearer Security; and 
7.8.3 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a good 
discharge against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Bearer Security. 
8  
Prescription  
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETI Securities 
shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which 
the payment of Redemption Amount in respect of the ETI Securities first became due or (if

--- Page 46 ---
40  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
any amount of the money payable was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after 
that on which notice is duly given to the ETI Security holders that, upon further presentation 
of the ETI Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the 
“Relevant Date”) save that if the ETI Securities are in global bearer form claims in respect of 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Global Bearer Security shall become void 
unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from 
the appropriate Relevant Date. 
9  
Events of Default  
9.1  
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, if approved by at least a 
majority of the ETI Securities then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (“Event of Default Redemption Notice”) the ETI Securities shall immediately 
become due and payable at their Redemption Amount as at the date of the Event of Default 
Redemption Approval:  
9.1.1  
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of the ETI 
Securities, or any of them or in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer 
including in respect of the ETI Securities, or any of them, of any other Series 
issued under the Programme for a period of 14 calendar days or more;  
 
9.1.2  
a Risk Capital Default Event occurs;     
9.1.3  
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
(other than a payment obligation) under the ETI Securities or any other Series 
Document in respect of any Series issued under the Programme, which default 
is incapable of remedy    is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as may be approved by Extraordinary Resolution) after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer (and, for these purposes, a failure to 
perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time);     
9.1.4  
any order shall be made by any competent court, or any resolution passed for 
the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or     
9.1.5  
an Event of Default (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Series) occurs in respect of any other Series of ETI Securities issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme.  
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the ETI Security holders in accordance with 
Condition 16 and to the Authorised Participant(s), publishing such notice on the website of 
the arranger https://altariuscapital.com.

--- Page 47 ---
41  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
10  
Enforcement  
The ETI Security holders by Extraordinary Resolution may take such action or step or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer, as they may think fit to enforce their rights as 
holders of the ETI Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise under general law, 
or the ETI Securities, any other Series Document or otherwise.     
11 
Restrictions     
So long as any of the ETI Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the 
approval of the ETI Security holders by Extraordinary Resolution:     
11.1.1  
release any party to any relevant Series Document relating to a Series of ETI 
Securities from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated 
by the the Conditions relating to such Series of ETI Securities);  
11.1.2  
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver 
pursuant to, the terms of the Conditions, or any other Series Document relating 
to any Series of ETI Securities (other than as contemplated or permitted by the 
Conditions and the relevant Series Documents);     
11.1.3  
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the 
directors); and 
11.1.4  
incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than, subject to 
Condition 15, issuing further ETI Securities under the Programme (which may 
or may not form a single Series with the ETI Securities of any Series and may 
or may not be guaranteed by a third party), provided that any such further ETI 
Securities rank pari passu with all other ETI Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
12 
Risk Capital Ratio 
 On each Quarterly Assessment Date, the Risk Capital Ratio shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Issuer. 
 If on any Quarterly Assessment Date, the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than the Risk Capital 
Maximum Level, the Issuer shall take commercially reasonable steps to remedy such breach 
before the Reassessment Date. 
 If on any Quarterly Assessment Date, the Risk Capital is greater than the Risk Capital 
Maximum Level, the Calculation Agent shall on the immediately following Reassessment 
Date calculate the Risk Capital Ratio and notify the result of such calculation to the Issuer. If 
on such Reassessment Date the Risk Capital Ratio remains greater than the Risk Capital 
Maximum Level, a “Risk Capital Default Event” shall be deemed to have occurred as of that 
Reassessment Date.

--- Page 48 ---
42  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
13  
Meetings of ETI Security holders, modification, waiver, substitution and 
restrictions     
13.1  
Meetings of ETI Security holders  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
ETI Security holders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
more than 50 per cent. of the number of the ETI Securities for the time being outstanding or, 
at any adjourned such meeting two or more ETI Security holders or agents present in person 
being or representing in the aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the ETI 
Securities so held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the ETI Security holders , whether present or not, except that 
any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the ETI Securities (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount payable on 
redemption of, the ETI Securities, (iii) to change any method of calculating the Redemption 
Amount, (iv) to change the currency or currencies of payment or Denomination of the ETI 
Securities,(v) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of ETI 
Security holders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, the quorum at 
which shall be two or more ETI Security holders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent. of the number of ETI Securities for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, two or more ETI Security holders 
or agents present in person being or representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. 
of the number of the ETI Securities so held or represented. The holder of a Global Bearer 
Security representing all of the ETI Securities for the time being outstanding will be treated 
as being two persons for the purpose of such quorum requirements. A resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number 
of the ETI Securities for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of ETI Security holders. 
13.2 
Modification of the relevant Series Documents 
 
The Issuer may without the consent of the ETI Security holders make: 
a) any modification to any Series Documents, which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to: i) correct a manifest error; ii) comply with 
any mandatory provisions of applicable law; or iii) cure, correct or supplement any 
defective provision of any Series Documents; 
b) any modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of 
these Conditions or any Series Document, that is in the opinion of the issuer not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the ETI Security holders; and 
c) any modification to these Conditions, or any Series Document, which the Issuer considers 
reasonably necessary as a result of any change in applicable law, which has the effect of 
changing the regulatory status of the Issuer. 
 Any such modification, authorisation or waiver as referred to in this Condition 13.2 will be 
binding for the ETI Security holders and such modification will be notified by the Issuer to the 
ETI Security holders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable. 
The Issuer may agree, without the consent of the ETI Security holders, to any modification 
to these Conditions, or any other Series Document, which is not specifically stated therein to

--- Page 49 ---
43  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
require the consent of the ETI Security holders, including any modification, which is made in 
connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant. 
13.3  
Substitution  
The ETI Security holders may consent by way of Extraordinary Resolution, to the substitution 
in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the relevant 
Series Documents to which it is a party and the ETI Securities of each Series, of any other 
company (incorporated in any jurisdiction), subject to any conditions of such substitution 
approved by the ETI Security holders in the Extraordinary Resolution.     
13.4  
Prohibition on U.S. persons  
ETI Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the 
right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial 
owner of ETI Securities who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such ETI 
Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such ETI Securities held by 
such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale 
by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such ETI Securities on behalf of 
such legal or beneficial owner. Terms used in this Condition 14.5 have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
14 
Replacement of ETI Securities 
 If an ETI Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to ETI Security holders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETI Security is subsequently presented for payment 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such ETI Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced ETI 
Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15  
Issue of further Tranches and Series of ETI Securities  
15.1  
Further Tranches  
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of any ETI Security holders) in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Authorised Participant Agreement(s) create and 
issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the ETI Securities in 
all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the ETI Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.

--- Page 50 ---
44  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
The Issuer shall not issue ETI Securities of any Series to any person unless the Issue Price 
of such ETI Securities is equal to or greater than the Redemption Amount which would be 
payable in respect of such Securities on the relevant Subscription Date.     
An Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETI 
Securities by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETI Securities if:  
15.1.1  
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to 
be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer;  
15.1.2  
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit 
for the ETI Securities to be exceeded; and  
 
15.1.3  
all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETI Securities are satisfied.     
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), the Issuer will not 
be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETI Securities if a Subscription 
Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is 
delivered the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order 
shall be the fifth Issuer Business Day preceding the related Redemption Day designated in 
such notice.     
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETI Securities at any time. If a Subscription 
Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not accept any Subscription Orders for the ETI 
Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the 
Calculation Agent and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer 
notifies such Series Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETI 
Securities. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the related notice 
and will be a day not earlier than the Subscription Date following the date of such notice. The 
Issuer shall give notice to ETI Security holders in accordance with Condition 16 of any such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of suspension of 
subscriptions.  
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer 
but in respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date 
of the occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically 
be cancelled with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default.  
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the ETI Securities 
are pending issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Approval (due to the Subscription Settlement 
Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised Participant not having 
delivered in full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement Date falling 
prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice 
(as applicable).

--- Page 51 ---
45  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which 
the relevant Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related subscription amount an 
Event of Default Redemption Approval is delivered, the ETI Securities issued on any such 
Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the relevant Authorised 
Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of delivery of an Event 
of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). ETI Securities requested for issue and 
subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such 
Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of the relevant subscription amount, the 
Issuer may agree with the relevant Authorised Participant to accept the delivery to, or to the 
order of, the Issuer of Underlying Securities which the Calculation Agent determines have a 
value on the Subscription Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery which 
are to be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to or greater than the subscription amount.     
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may from time-to-time issue ETI Securities of any 
Series to an investor on such terms as the Issuer and such investor may agree provided that 
the Issue Price of such ETI Securities shall not be less than the Redemption Amount which 
would be payable in respect of such Securities on the relevant Subscription Date. 
For avoidance of doubt the Issuer may establish further programmes to issue any kind of 
securities without consent of the ETI Security holders.  
16 
Notices  
16.1  
All notices to ETI Security holders will be deemed to have been duly given and valid:  
16.1.1  
if 
published 
on 
the 
internet 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
arranger 
https://altariuscapital.com or any successor webpage thereto and any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day of publication on the 
website; and  
16.1.2  
for so long as the ETI Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, 
they are published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such 
Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority; and 
16.1.3 
for so long as the ETI Securities are in global form, notices required to be given 
in respect of the ETI Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security are 
given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Bearer Security is held on 
behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or 
otherwise to the holder of the Global Bearer Security, rather than by publication 
as required above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the ETI Securities on the Clearing System Business Day immediately 
following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
16.2 
Failure to give notice where required will not invalidate any determination, calculation or 
correction, as applicable.

--- Page 52 ---
46  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
17  
Relevant Clearing System  
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the 
Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.  
18 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
18.1  
Governing law  
The ETI Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Liechtenstein law.  
18.2  
Jurisdiction  
The courts of Liechtenstein are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any ETI Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any ETI Securities (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and 
waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the 
benefit of each of the ETI Security holders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not).  
17  
Service of process  
The Issuer has by executing the Constituting Document irrevocably appointed the person 
specified therein as its process agent to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in Liechtenstein. Service of process on such process agent shall be 
deemed valid service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the 
Issuer. The Issuer shall inform the ETI Security holders in writing of any change in its process 
agent’s address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason such process 
agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Liechtenstein, the 
Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in Liechtenstein.

--- Page 53 ---
47  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
 
The Issuer will have discretion as to how the net proceeds from each issue of ETI Securities will be 
applied. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, use the net proceeds from each issue of ETI Securities to acquire 
Underlying Securities. The Issuer may also invest in assets other that the Underlying Securities. If such 
assets do not perform as well as the Underlying Securities, it is likely that the Issuer would not have 
sufficient assets to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. To mitigate this risk the 
Issuer is subject to an obligation to comply with a maximum Risk Capital Ration which will limit the ability 
of the Issuer to invest in assets other than the Underlying Securities by requiring the Issuer to maintain 
shareholder equity in respect of any assets it acquires which do not serve as a direct hedge of its 
obligations under the ETI Securities. 
Reason for the offer is to aim for profits for the company by getting slightly higher returns on capital 
invested than capital costs. The expected issuance proceeds get disclosed on a per series basis in the 
Final Terms. The costs of the issuance per series is approximately CHF 10,000. 
The Risk Capital Ratio is calculated by reference of the total assets of the Issuer rather than on a per 
Series basis. 
Risk Capital Ratio     
The “Risk Capital Ratio” shall be calculated quarterly by the Calculation Agent on each Quarterly 
Assessment Date and shall be equal to the fraction expressed as a percentage obtained by dividing (A) 
the Risk Assets on that Quarterly Assessment Date by (B) the Net Tangible Equity on that Quarterly 
Assessment Date, Where:     
“Net Tangible Equity” means on any date, the shareholders equity of the Issuer less goodwill, as per 
the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer;        
“Quarterly Assessment Date” means the last Issuer Business Day of March, June, September and 
December.  
“Risk Assets” means Total Assets less Hedging Assets;     
“Total Assets” means on any date, the total assets of the Issuer as per the most recent financial 
statements prepared in respect of the Issuer; and     
“Hedging Assets” means on any date, any assets of the Issuer comprised of Underlying Securities in 
respect of any Series of ETI Securities, as per the date of the most recent financial statements prepared 
in respect of the Issuer.  
If the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than 200% (the “Risk Capital Maximum Level”), the Issuer shall take 
commercially reasonable steps to remedy such breach before the Reassessment Date, being the day 
falling twenty (20) Issuer Business Days immediately following any Quarterly Assessment Date. If on 
the immediately following Reassessment Date the Risk Capital Ratio remains greater than the Risk 
Capital Maximum Level, a “Risk Capital Default Event” shall be deemed to have occurred as of that 
Reassessment Date. 
Altarius Capital Limited acts as the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 54 ---
48  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
ISSUE BY FINAL TERMS  
 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, the Issuer will prepare a related Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Series only, must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the related Final 
Terms.  
An issue-specific summary prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation will be 
appended to the Final Terms for the ETI Securities (each an “Issue Specific Summary”).  
The public offering of the ETI Securities got commenced under a previous base prospectus and gets 
continued under the base prospectus approved by the Liechtenstein FMA on 14th June 2023 (the “Base 
Prospectus”) together with supplements, if any, in line with art 8 (11) of the Prospectus regulation. The 
base prospectus as well as any successor base prospectus will be published at the website of the Issuer 
https://altariuscapital.com.

--- Page 55 ---
49  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS  
 
Altarius ETI AG 
(a public company incorporated under the laws of Liechtenstein)  
EUR 1,000,000,000    Programme for the issue of ETI Securities     
     
(the “Programme”)  
  
Final Terms  
Dated [●]  
Series [●] ETI Securities (the “Series”)  
  
Unless terms are defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the terms 
and conditions (the “Master Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27th May 2022, [and 
the supplements to it dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the above Series of ETI Securities (the “ETI Securities”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, and in particular, 
the Master Conditions of the ETI Securities, as set out therein.    Full information on the Issuer and the 
terms and conditions of the ETI Securities, is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.    The Base Prospectus [and the supplements to it dated [●]] 
[has][have] been published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation at 
https://www.fma-li.li and is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of 
the Issuer.     
[The Issue Specific Summary of the ETI Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]  
[The text referring to the Prospectus Regulation only relates to the ETI Securities in respect of which a 
prospectus is required to be prepared under the Prospectus Regulation and should otherwise be 
disregarded.]

--- Page 56 ---
50  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
The Final Terms of the ETI Securities comprise the following:  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
The particulars in relation to this issue of ETI Securities are as follows: [Include whichever of the following 
apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if 
“Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.]  
1. 
Issuer: 
Altarius ETI AG LEI: 5299001XE1CIMMOEME82 
2. 
(i) Series Number: 
[---] 
(ii) Tranches: 
[---] 
(iii) Relevant Currency: 
[---] 
(iv) Form: 
Bearer ETI Securities 
3. 
Arranger: 
Altarius Capital Limited 
4.  
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Baader Bank AG 
5. 
Calculation Agent: 
Altarius Capital Limited 
6. 
Authorised Participant: 
Altarius Capital Limited and Altarius Index PCC Ltd. 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[---] per ETI Security 
8.  
Principal Amount: 
[---] per ETI Security 
9. 
Denomination: 
[Specify Currency] 
10. 
Issue Date: 
[---] 
11. 
Underlying Issuer: 
[Specify]     
12. 
Underlying Security: 
[Specify]     
Further information in relation to the Underlying 
Security, including on its volatility and past and further 
performance can be found on the website of the 
Arranger, https://altariuscapital.com.     
13. 
Series Issue Date: 
[insert date of issuance of the initial Tranche of the 
Series] 
14. 
Standard Redemption: 
[Permitted / Not permitted] 
15. 
Standard Redemption Day(s): 
[…./Not applicable] 
16. 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice Period: 
[…. calendar days]

--- Page 57 ---
51  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
17.
ECB Eligibility: 
Yes/No (Depending NGN = Yes / CGN = No) 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. Having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in the Base Prospectus, as 
completed by these Final Terms in relation to the Series of ETI Securities referred to above is, to the 
best of the Issuer’s knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import.  
Signed on behalf of:  
[●]  
  
  
By: ............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 58 ---
52  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION  
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange for the Series of ETI Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the regulated unofficial market operated by 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. There is no guarantee 
that such application or applications will be successful 
or, if successful, that such admissions to trading will be 
maintained. 
Authorisation: 
The issue of these Final Terms and the Series 
[---] were authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on [---]. 
Notification 
The Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority has 
provided the competent authorities of the host member 
states Liechtenstein [and [names of other competent 
authorities of host member states of the EEA]] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Reasons for the offer: 
[---]  
[(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus –
if reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks, will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue  
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the ETI Securities has an interest 
material to the offer]  
 
Distribution 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the ETI Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Offerors specified in 
Paragraph 8 of Part B below other than pursuant to 
Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant Member State(s) – which must be jurisdictions 
where the Base Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported] (“Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”) 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify date 
or a formula such as “the Issue Date” or “the date which

--- Page 59 ---
53  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
falls [ ] Issuer Business Days thereafter”] (“Offer 
Period”).     
See further Paragraph 8 of Part B below.] 
[N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
nonexempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Public Offers may only 
be made into jurisdictions in which the prospectus (and 
any supplement) has been notified/passported] 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code: 
[  
                                                         ] 
Common Code: 
[  
                                                         ] 
Names and addresses of additional: 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[  
                                                         ] 
[  
                                                         ] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer  
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[insert any applicable additional 
conditions to offer]/Offers of the ETI Securities are 
conditional upon their issue and, as between the 
Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any further 
conditions as may be agreed between them] 
Description of the application process: 
Not Applicable.] [ETI Securities will be issued to 
investors as per the arrangements in place between the 
Authorised Offeror and such investor, including as to 
the application process, allocation, price, expenses 
and settlement arrangements.] [A commission will be 
charged to investors by [an/the] Authorised Offeror [of 
an amount equal to [●] per cent.] of the Offer Price of 
the ETI Securities to be purchased by the relevant 
investor.]

--- Page 60 ---
54  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limit for  
paying up and delivering the ETI Securities:
[Not Applicable/The ETI Securities will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription money] 
Manner in and date on which results  
 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Categories of investors to whom the 
securities are being offered. 
Subject to complying with any restrictions applicable to 
offers of the ETI Securities in any jurisdictions, the ETI 
Securities may be offered to all categories of investors.]
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
Not Applicable. Tranches have not been reserved for 
particular countries. 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details] 
Names address of financial Intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the Base Prospectus, as 
completed by these Final Terms (the 
“Authorised Offerors”): 
[…..] and each Authorised Participant expressly named 
as an Authorised Offeror on the website of the Arranger
(https://altariuscapital.com)

--- Page 61 ---
55  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY  
[Issue Specific Summary of the ETI Securities to be inserted if (i) the ETI Securities are to be listed on 
a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 62 ---
56  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
General  
 Altarius ETI AG (LEI: 5299001XE1CIMMOEME82) (the “Issuer”) was incorporated in Liechtenstein 
under the laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein (“Liechtenstein”) and organised in accordance with 
article 261 et seq. of the Liechtenstein Companies Act (Personen- und Gesellschaftsrecht, PGR) as a 
joint stock company on 28 October 2021, with registered number FL-0002.669.856-9. It is registered 
with the Liechtenstein Registry of Commerce (Handelsregister).  
The registered office of the Issuer is at Landstrasse 158, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein.  The telephone 
number of the Issuer is Tel: +423 230 20 90. The website for publications of the Issuer is 
https://altariuscapital.com, which belongs to the Arranger. The Arranger is part of the same group of 
companies as the issuer (see table of group companies on page 59). The authorised share capital of 
the Issuer is EUR 50,000 divided into 50 ordinary shares of EUR 1,000 each (“Shares”).    The Issuer 
has issued 50 Shares all of which are fully paid. The issued Shares are held by Altarius Captial Value 
SL.     
  
Altarius Capital Value SL has, inter alia, undertaken not to propose or pass any resolution to windup or 
take any other steps or actions whatsoever for the purposes of winding-up the Issuer or make or support 
any petition to wind-up or appoint an administrator examiner, liquidator or similar person to the Issuer 
until the date on which all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the ETI Securities have been 
discharged in full.    No other measures are in place to ensure that the control by Altarius Capital Value 
SL over the Issuer is not abused.  
For the life of this base prospectus the following documents (or copies thereof), where applicable, may 
be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer during regular business hours: (a) the memorandum 
and articles of association of the issuer; (b) all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial 
information, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the issuer’s request any part of which 
is included or referred to in the registration document; (c) the historical financial information of the issuer 
of the two financial years preceding the publication of the registration document in physical form or 
electronically.  
Business  
The Issuer has been established for the sole purpose of issuing ETI Securities in the form of derivative 
securities, the value of which are linked on a 1:1 basis to specific portfolios, which are segregated into 
cells of a securitisation special purpose entity. The specific portfolios may contain investment strategies 
of any kind and any asset classes as well as UCITS Funds, AIF Funds, or non-European Funds. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not engaged in any activities other than the 
Issuance of ETI Securities and entering into Hedging Arrangements. The Issuer has, and will have, no 
assets other than the sum of EUR 50,000 representing the issued and paid-up share capital, such fees 
(as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of ETI Securities or any assets acquired 
by the Issuer with the net proceeds of the ETI Securities of each Series.

--- Page 63 ---
57  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
The ETI Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in any way by, the 
Arranger or any Authorised Participant.    Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any 
way by the Agents. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities, 
other than as disclosed above along with any related arrangements. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against the Issuer.  
Directors and Company Secretary  
Directors  
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows:  
Jaime Ortiz-Vigón 
Mr Ortiz-Vigón has studied Economics and Wealth Management. 
During the last 10 years Mr Ortiz-Vigón has been holding senior position in different international wealth 
management companies and Financial Advisory companies. 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr. Ortiz-Vigón is a director and an owner of Altarius Capital 
Value SL, which is the holding company of Altarius ETI AG, the Issuer and of Altarius Capital Limited, 
the Arranger, the Authorised Participant and the Calculation Agent of the Program. Furthermore, Altarius 
Capital Limited is the owner and corporate director of Altarius Index PCC Ltd, which is the Underlying 
Issuer. 
Mr. Jaime Ortiz-Vigón was appointed a Director of the Issuer on 2nd March 2022 
 
Emilio Martínez Rios 
Manuel Emilio Martinez Rios obtained a degree in Financial Management Cum Laude, a master´s 
degree in Financial Options & Futures, and he is qualified as FRM (Financial Risk Manager) by the 
Global Association of Risk Professionals. Mr. Martinez has more than 12 years’ experience in the 
financial sector having worked in European and international Banks. Mr. Martinez worked as account 
executive at Scotiabank Inverlat S.A, he also worked in the Treasury of Banco Santander at the money 
market desk. Additionally, Mr Martinez provided services to different Banks from his senior position in 
the Financial Services Risk Management department of Ernst & Young, and the Advisory Services 
department of Mazars. Currently Mr. Martinez is the Risk Director of Altarius Capital ltd and a Board 
Member.    During his professional live Mr. Martinez has undertaken, among others, the following 
activities: retail banking account management, negotiation in the primary financial market, liquidity 
management and control. implementation of risk management processes and procedures, and team 
management. 
Invetors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr. Matínez Rios is a member of the board of directors of 
Altarius Capital Limited, the Arranger, the Authorised Participant and the Calculation Agent of the 
Program. 
Mr. Emilio Matínez Rios was appointed a Director of the Issuer on 2nd March 2022

--- Page 64 ---
58  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Dr. Marco Felder 
Dr. Marco Felder has a PhD in national and international tax law. He had previously studied business 
administration at the Universities of Lausanne and Uppsala, completing postgraduate studies in 
European and international business law and in national and international tax law at the Universities of 
St. Gallen and Lausanne. He also successfully passed the professional trustees examination in 
Liechtenstein.  
Dr. Marco Felder has over 20 years of experience in national and international tax law as well as in the 
fiduciary sector. In his previous professional career, he was a member of the executive board of PwC 
(PricewaterhouseCoopers) Liechtenstein and responsible in that capacity for the Liechtenstein Tax and 
Legal Market Division. Before joining PwC, he was Director of the Fiscal Authority of the Principality of 
Liechtenstein. In that position, he was actively involved in the comprehensive revision and 
implementation of the new Liechtenstein Tax Act. 
Dr. Marco Felder has completed several certificate courses, including in corporate governance at the 
Swiss Board School in cooperation with the Universities of St. Gallen and Lucerne, as well as in 
leadership and mediation at the IMD business school in Lausanne and at Harvard Law School. 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Dr. Marco Felder is also a Director of the Corporate Service 
Provider of Altarius ETI AG, the Issuer.  
Dr. Marco Felder has been appointed as a Director of the Issuer. 
 
Mag. iur. Rainer A. Sprenger  
Mag. iur. Rainer A. Sprenger is an Attorney at Law and has successfully completed the additional 
examination for lawyers to obtain a limited license as a professional trustee and fiduciary. In his earlier 
career, he was an Attorney at Law in a renowned Liechtenstein law firm as well as Trust Officer. 
Prior to this, he studied law at the University of Vienna and subsequently successfully completed 
postgraduate studies in international tax law at the University of Liechtenstein. 
Mr. Sprenger has many years of experience in Liechtenstein law, with an emphasis on business and 
tax law, and in legal business consultancy. 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mag. iur. Rainer A. Sprenger is also a Director of the 
Corporate Service Provider of Altarius ETI AG, the Issuer.  
Mag. iur. Rainer A. Sprenger has been appointed as a Director of the Issuer. 
 
 
The business address of the Directors is Landstrasse 158, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein.  
 
Corporate Service Provider 
Felder Sprenger + Partner AG (the “Corporate Services Provider”) is the administrator of the Issuer. 
The Corporate Services Provider provides various administrative, accounting and related services to the

--- Page 65 ---
59  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Issuer. The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated forthwith if the Corporate 
Services Provider commits any material breach of the corporate service agreement (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider which is either 
incapable or remedy or has not been remedied within thirty (30) days of notice having been given to the 
Corporate Services Provider requiring it to remedy the same, is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
becomes subject to insolvency or other related proceedings or is unable to perform its duties under the 
Corporate Services Agreement due to any change in law or regulatory practice. The Corporate Services 
Provider may retire upon thirty (30) days’ notice written notice subject to the appointment of a 
replacement which is acceptable to the Issuer.  
Shareholder Structure  
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is Altarius Capital Value SL  
 
 
Audit Committee  
The Issuer has not established an audit committee.

--- Page 66 ---
60  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Corporate Governance Code  
The Issuer does not comply with the corporate governance code for public companies in Liechtenstein 
as the Issuer is not a public company. As Issuer of listed securities, the Issuer will comply with and be 
subject to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse (market abuse regulation).  
Financial Statements  
The audited annual financial statements will be available free of charge at the offices of the Issuer.  
The Issuer has appointed BDO (Liechtenstein) AG, Wuhrstrasse 14, 9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein as its 
auditor.

--- Page 67 ---
61  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ARRANGER  
 
Altarius Capital Limited was incorporated on the 9th September 2016.  
The registered office of the Arranger is at 28 Irish Town, Gibraltar. The directors of the Arranger are 
Adelaida Garrido Caballero, Manuel Emilio Martinez Rios and George L. Felipes.. 
Altarius Capital Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) in 
Gibraltar and registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the UK. Altarius Capital Limited 
is a member of the Gibraltar Investor Compensation Scheme (GICS), Gibraltar Funds & Investments 
Association (GFIA) and the Gibraltar Association of Compliance Officers (GACO). 
Business 
Altarius Capital Limited is an Alternative Investment Manager (AIFM) that serves the global investment 
market, covering asset managers' objectives and needs, institutional and private clients. Altarius Capital 
Limited specialises in Asset Allocation through differentiated strategies; and Wealth Management.  
Altarius Capital Limited follows an Asset Allocation methodology focused on identifying managers at a 
global scale, selecting strategies with outstanding characteristics and attractive returns, enabling them 
to offer Wealth Management services that meet the objectives and aspirations of institutions, family 
offices and individuals.  
Directors 
Adelaida Garrido Caballero is Bachelors of economic science and management at the University of 
Madrid. She has more than 17 years’ experience in the financial sector having held senior positions in 
some of the major Spanish banks including Grupo Santander.    Ms. Garrido was responsible for the 
private client department at Banesto (Grupo Santander).    She also was Director of the Barclays Bank 
Madrid office. Currently Ms Garrido is the Compliance Director of Altarius Capital ltd and a Board 
Member.    During her professional live Ms Garrido has undertaken, among others, the following 
activities: portfolio management for HNWI, client relationship management, reporting, due diligence and 
KYC, compliance planning and team management. 
Manuel Emilio Martinez Rios obtained a degree in Financial Management Cum Laude, a master´s 
degree in Financial Options & Futures, and he is qualified as FRM (Financial Risk Manager) by the    
Global Association of Risk Professionals. Mr. Martinez has more than 12 years experience in the 
financial sector having worked in European and international Banks. Mr. Martinez worked as account 
executive at Scotiabank Inverlat S.A, he also worked in the Treasury of Banco Santander at the money 
market desk.    Additionally, Mr Martinez provided services to different Banks from his senior position in 
the Financial Services Risk Management department of Ernst & Young, and the Advisory Services 
department of Mazars. Currently Mr. Martinez is the Risk Director of Altarius Capital ltd and a Board 
Member.    During his professional live Mr. Martinez has undertaken, among others, the following 
activities: retail banking account management, negotiation in the primary financial market, liquidity 
management and control. implementation of risk management processes and procedures, and team 
management.

--- Page 68 ---
62  
BPETI_001.1_220315  
George L. Felipes obtained a degree in Accountancy and Financial Management B Sc Hons from the 
Loughborough University. Mr. Felipes has more than 30 years’ experience in the Financial Industry both 
in Spain and Gibraltar having held management positions including being CFO in ABN AMRO Bank and 
Hambros Bank, and being fund administration manager for UCITS funds. Outside the Financial industry 
Mr. Felipes has been for 10 years CEO of a Gibraltar Government owned company. 
The main business office is at World Trade Centre 5.26, 6 Bayside Road, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA.

--- Page 69 ---
63  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE CALCULATION AGENT  
 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, Altarius Capital Limited will be appointed as the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the terms of a Calculation Agency Agreement to be constituted by the entry 
into the Constituting Document by the Issuer.         
Calculation Agency Agreement  
Pursuant to the Calculation Agency Agreement the Calculation Agent will be appointed to provide certain 
calculation agency services to the Issuer, including calculating any Redemption Amounts payable on 
the ETI Securities.  
Resignation and termination  
The Calculation Agent may resign by providing not less than 60 days’ written notice to the Issuer.    The 
appointment of the Calculation Agent may be terminated by the Issuer by providing not less than 60 
days’ written notice to the Calculation Agent.  
The resignation or termination of the appointment of the Calculation Agent will not take effect until a new 
calculation agent has been appointed and such agent has accepted such appointment. 
Information in relation to fees  
The Calculation Agency Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Calculation Agent such fees 
as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.

--- Page 70 ---
64  
BPETI_001.1_220315  
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, Baader Bank AG will be appointed as the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of a Paying Agent Agreement dated 27th May 2022 
between the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.     
Baader Bank AG has its Headquarters in Unterschleissheim, Germany. It offers securities trading 
services and also traditional banking services. 
Paying Agent Agreement  
Pursuant to the Paying Agent Agreement the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will provide certain 
services to the Issuer, including:     
 
Authenticating and depositing global certificates and documents with the relevant depositary 
(Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.;  
 
handling Corporate Actions from the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent side;  
 
ensuring that payments on the Bearer ETI Securities are transferred to the securities holders 
via Clearstream Banking AG; and 
 
assistance with communication of notices to investors.  
Resignation and termination  
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may resign by providing not less than 3 months’ written notice 
to the Issuer.    The appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may be terminated by the 
Issuer by providing not less than 3 months’ written notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.  
The resignation or termination of the appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will not take 
effect until a new issuing and paying agent has been appointed and such agent has accepted such 
appointment.  
Information in relation to fees  
The Paying Agent Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent such fees as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.

--- Page 71 ---
65  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT  
 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, Altarius Capital Limited will be appointed as the Authorised 
Participant in accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement to be constituted by 
the entry into the Constituting Document by the Issuer.         
Authorised Participant Agreement     
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Authorised Participant has been appointed to act 
as an authorised participant in respect of the ETI Securities issued under the Programme. The 
Authorised Participant will be responsible for distributing the ETI Securities of each Series to underlying 
investors.     
Resignation and termination  
The Authorised Participant may resign by providing to the Issuer at least 6 months’ prior written notice.  
Under the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of 
Authorised Participant by giving not less than 6 months’ written notice.  
Information in relation to fees 
The Authorised Participant Agreements provide that the Authorised Participant shall pay to the Issuer 
such fees as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant from time to time.

--- Page 72 ---
66  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations in Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, 
Ireland, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Italy relating to the ETI Securities. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the ETI Securities in those 
or other jurisdictions and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled “Risk Factors –Taxation”. 
Prospective purchasers of the ETI Securities should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country or countries in which they are resident or of which they are citizens for 
tax purposes and the tax laws of Liechtenstein, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Italy of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of ETI Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts in respect of the ETI Securities. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date 
of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  
Liechtenstein  
The following summary is for general information only and does not cover all tax consequences of an 
investment in ETI Securities under the tax laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein. This summary is 
based on the tax laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein currently in force and as applied on the date of 
this Base Prospectus which are subject to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have 
retroactive effect. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the 
Liechtenstein tax consequences of the of acquiring, holding and disposing of ETI Securities and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts in respect of the ETI Securities, in 
particular ETI Securities issued by Altarius ETI AG in the light of their particular circumstances.  
  
The following information relates to Liechtenstein taxation only and is applicable to investors that are 
Liechtenstein tax residents (excluding any non-Liechtenstein domiciled individuals to whom the 
remittance basis applies) who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.  
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty (also applicable in Liechtenstein)  
Straight derivatives for Swiss tax purposes do not qualify as taxable securities in the meaning of the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act and are therefore not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty (“Umsatzabgabe”). 
Thus, secondary market transactions are not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty. The possible delivery 
at exercise or redemption of the underlying of the ETI Securities may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp 
duty up to a rate of 0.3% if the underlying is a taxable security in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax 
Act and if such delivery is made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other 
securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies.  
However, ETI Securities qualifying as taxable securities in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act (e.g. 
combined derivative instruments such as notes with predominant one-time interest payment) are subject 
to Swiss transfer stamp duty of 0.15% (for securities issued by a Swiss or Liechtenstein company) 
respectively 0.3% (for securities issued by a foreign company) if the secondary market transaction is 
made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss bank or other securities dealer as defined in the Swiss 
Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies.

--- Page 73 ---
67  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Liechtenstein Income Tax Liechtenstein resident individual private investors  
Payments made under straight derivatives most likely qualify as tax exempt capital gains for 
Liechtenstein resident individual investors who hold the securities as part of their private (as opposed to 
business) assets and who do not qualify as self-employed professional securities dealer for income tax 
purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). The same applies for capital gains realised upon 
disposal of securities which are not subject to the income tax.  
However, the market value of the ETI Securities qualifies in any event as standardized return on assets 
(target return) within the meaning of Art. 5 of taxable assets in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 of the Tax 
Act (SteG) and is therefore part of the Liechtenstein income tax.     
Liechtenstein resident business investors  
Payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of securities by 
Liechtenstein resident individual investors holding the ETI Securities as part of their business assets as 
well as by Liechtenstein resident legal entities, are part of their business profit and subject to individual 
income tax or corporate income tax, respectively. The tax treatment follows the accounting statement. 
The same applies to Liechtenstein resident individual investors who qualify as self-employed 
professional securities dealer for income tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler).  
Non-Liechtenstein resident investors  
Under present Liechtenstein tax law, an investor who is a non-resident of Liechtenstein and who, during 
the taxable year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed 
place of business within Liechtenstein and who is not subject to taxation in Liechtenstein for any other 
reason, will not be subject to any Liechtenstein tax on payments under straight derivatives as well as 
capital gains realised upon disposal of straight derivatives.  
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters  
Liechtenstein has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international 
automatic exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters. The agreement became effective as of 
1 January 2016 and applies to all 28 EU member states and also Gibraltar. On 1 December 2016 the 
multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information 
(the “MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries 
became effective. Based on such agreements and the implementing laws of Liechtenstein, Liechtenstein 
collects data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Liechtenstein for the benefit 
of individuals resident in an EU member state or resident in a treaty state from 2017 or 2018, exchanges 
the data or will exchange it from 2017 or 2018, in each case depending on the effectiveness of the 
relevant agreement. Liechtenstein has signed and intends to sign further AEOI agreements with further 
countries, which, subject to ratification, will become effective at a later date. An up-to-date list of the 
AEOI agreements of Liechtenstein in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the 
website of the Tax Authority of Liechtenstein.  
In the event that ETI Security holders hold the ETI Securities through a Liechtenstein financial institution 
they may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Liechtenstein rules re CRS.

--- Page 74 ---
68  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Liechtenstein Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Liechtenstein has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Liechtenstein financial institutions are disclosed automatically to the U.S. tax authorities.  
In the event that ETI Security holders hold the ETI Securities through a Liechtenstein financial institution 
they may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Liechtenstein rules re FATCA.  
United Kingdom  
The following information relates to UK taxation only and is applicable to individual investors that are UK 
tax residents (excluding any non-UK domiciled individuals to whom the remittance basis applies) who 
are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.  
General  
To the extent that a Redemption Amount comprises repayment of the Principal Amount, this should be 
treated as a repayment of debt which is neutral for direct tax purposes.  
To the extent that the Redemption Amount exceeds the Principal Amount, such excess is expected to 
be a “distribution”. Distributions  
Any distribution is expected to be subject to UK income tax in the hands of the recipient investor.  
Withholding Tax  
Distributions are currently not subject to UK withholding tax.  
Capital Gains Tax  
No UK capital gains tax should arise on (i) a Redemption Amount comprising repayment of the Principal 
Amount, or (ii) any Redemption Amount in excess of the Principal Amount which is charged to income 
tax in the hands of the recipient investor.  
Stamp Duty  
It is not expected that any UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax will apply to the acquisition, holding 
or disposal of the ETI Securities on the basis that the ETI Securities do not relate to property situate, or 
any matter or thing done or to be done, in the UK.  
Switzerland  
The following summary is for general information only and does not cover all tax consequences of an 
investment in ETI Securities under the tax laws of Switzerland. This summary is based on the tax laws 
of Switzerland currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus which are subject 
to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have retroactive effect. Prospective investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
lapse, exercise or disposal of the specific ETI Securities in particular ETI Securities issued by Altarius 
ETI AG in the light of their particular circumstances.

--- Page 75 ---
69  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty  
Straight derivatives for Swiss tax purposes do not qualify as taxable securities in the meaning of the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act and are therefore not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty (“Umsatzabgabe”). 
Thus, secondary market transactions are not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty. The possible delivery 
at exercise or redemption of the underlying of the ETI Securities may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp 
duty up to a rate of 0.3% if the underlying is a taxable security in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax 
Act and if such delivery is made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other 
securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies.  
However, ETI Securities qualifying as taxable securities in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act (e.g. 
combined derivative instruments such as notes with predominant one-time interest payment) are subject 
to Swiss transfer stamp duty of 0.15 (for securities issued by a Swiss or Liechtenstein company) 
respectively 0.3% (for securities issued by a foreign company)if the secondary market transaction is 
made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other securities dealer as 
defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies.  
Swiss Income Tax  
Swiss resident individual private investors  
Payments made under straight derivatives most likely qualify as tax exempt capital gains for Swiss 
resident individual investors who hold the securities as part of their private (as opposed to business) 
assets and who do not qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income tax purposes 
(gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). The same applies for capital gains realised upon disposal of 
securities which are not subject to the federal direct tax as well as the cantonal and communal income 
tax.  
However, payments qualifying as interest payments of combined derivative instruments such as notes 
with predominant one-time interest payment for Swiss tax purposes are most likely subject to Swiss 
income tax.  
Swiss resident business investors  
Payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of securities by 
Swiss resident individual investors holding the ETI Securities as part of their business assets as well as 
by Swiss resident legal entities, are part of their business profit and subject to individual income tax or 
corporate income tax, respectively. The tax treatment follows the accounting statement. The same 
applies to Swiss resident individual investors who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for 
income tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler).  
Non-Swiss resident investors  
Under present Swiss tax law, an investor who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the 
taxable year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place 
of business within Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, 
will not be subject to any Swiss federal direct tax as well as cantonal and communal income tax on 
payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of straight 
derivatives.

--- Page 76 ---
70  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Swiss Withholding Tax  
All payments in respect of the securities issued by a non-Swiss issuer are currently not subject to Swiss 
withholding tax (“Verrechnungssteuer”), provided that the Issuer of the securities is at all times 
domiciled and effectively managed outside of Switzerland.  
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters  
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international 
automatic exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters. The agreement became effective as of 
1 January 2017 and applies to all 28 EU member states and also Gibraltar. Also on 1 January 2017 the 
multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information 
(the “MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries 
became effective. Based on such agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
collects data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit 
of individuals resident in an EU member state or resident in a treaty state from 2017 or 2018, exchanges 
the data or will exchange it from 2018 or 2019, in each case depending on the effectiveness of the 
relevant agreement. Switzerland has signed and intends to sign further AEOI agreements with further 
countries, which, subject to ratification, will become effective at a later date. An up-to-date list of the 
AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the website 
of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters.  
In the event that ETI Security holders hold the ETI Securities through a Swiss financial institution they 
may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Swiss rules re CRS.  
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder 
or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be 
transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope 
of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and 
Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with 
the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant 
information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the 
U.S. tax authorities.  
In the event that ETI Security holders hold the ETI Securities through a Swiss financial institution they 
may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Swiss rules re FATCA.  
Germany  
The following information relates to German taxation only and is applicable to investors that are tax 
residents in Germany who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.    It is only intended to give 
an overview of possible German tax consequences which cannot replace a detailed examination of the 
tax consequences in each individual case performed by the investor.

--- Page 77 ---
71  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
General  
For German tax purposes the ETI Securities should be treated as a debt instrument rather than an equity 
instrument or derivative. To the extent that a Redemption Amount comprises repayment of the Principal 
Amount, this should be treated as a repayment of debt which is neutral for direct tax purposes.     
To the extent that the Redemption Amount exceeds the Principal Amount, such is expected to be a 
“capital gain”.     
Capital gains     
Any capital gain from the Redemption Amount or the sale of the ETI Securities is expected to be subject 
to German income, corporate income tax and trade tax in the hands of the recipient investor under 
general rules.     
Withholding Tax     
Capital gains will be subject to German withholding tax of 26.375%. For corporate investors and 
business investors exemptions from withholding tax may apply but the relevant income is still subject to 
income tax assessment according to general German rules.     
Loss deduction     
Losses should in principle be deductible when ETI Securities are redeemed or sold. However, certain 
exemption from that rule and offsetting restrictions may apply.     
Stamp Duty or transfer taxes     
The acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETI Securities is not subject to German stamp duty or transfer 
tax.  
Austria  
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer’s understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the ETI 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects 
and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well 
as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments 
may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences 
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the ETI Securities consult with their legal and 
tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the ETI Securities. Tax risks 
resulting from the ETI Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 
2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that 
the ETI Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons.

--- Page 78 ---
72  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
General remarks  
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and / or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both 
as defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria 
are subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income 
tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).    Individuals having neither a domicile nor their 
habitual abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited 
income tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).  
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and / or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to 
corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of 
management nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from 
certain Austrian sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht).  
Both in cases of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria’s right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties.  
Income taxation  
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), the term investment 
income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) comprises:  
 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the amount of the 
earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon bonds); 
the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs, 
in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and  
 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income  
Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  
Also, the withdrawal of the ETI Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria’s taxation right regarding the ETI Securities vis-à-vis other countries, 
e.g. a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) 
and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETI Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act.    Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische

--- Page 79 ---
73  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5%; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount 
of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).    Investment 
income from the ETI Securities without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax 
return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%.    In both cases upon application the option 
exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act).    The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs 
(Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).    Expenses such as bank 
charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also 
applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised.    Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter 
alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised 
increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and 
other non-securitized claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer  
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax 
rate (this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment 
income not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of 
income. The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of 
a taxpayer’s securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect.  
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETI Securities as business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act.    Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%.    While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income 
from the letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be 
included in the investor’s income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%). 
Investment income from the ETI Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the 
investor’s income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%. In both cases upon 
application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation 
pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from 
realised increases in value and income from derivatives if realizing these types of income constitutes a 
key area of the respective investor’s business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the 
alienation, redemption and other realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%, are 
primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and 
derivatives and with appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit 
(Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55% of the remaining negative difference may be offset 
against other types of income.

--- Page 80 ---
74  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), 
corporations subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax on income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI Securities at a rate 
of currently 25%. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI 
Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%. However, 
pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a 25% rate if 
the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the ETI Securities can be 
offset against other income.  
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the ETI Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of currently 
25% on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, 
if the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities’ view, the acquisition 
costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees 
must not be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not 
triggered insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax 
period. Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
the withholding agent may apply a 25% rate if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such 
withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied.  
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the ETI Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and 
the ETI Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject 
to limited income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 
27(6)(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian 
nexus and if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual 
being resident in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides 
a certificate of residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor 
of which has its place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a 
nonAustrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities 
issued by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term “foreign investment fund” 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin 
of which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which 
is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal 
form they are organized in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading 
on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking’s articles or of customary exercise, if one of the 
following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a 
corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b)

--- Page 81 ---
75  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
the profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is 
comparable to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15%; or (c) the undertaking is subject 
to a comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective 
investment vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign 
investment fund, the tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above: A special 
type of transparency principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as 
well as deemed income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.     
Inheritance and gift taxation  
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.     
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the 
time of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5%, with higher rates applying in special cases.  
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10% of the fair market value of the assets transferred.  
 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the ETI Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor 
pursuant to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above).  
SPAIN  
General 
The Spanish system for direct taxation of individuals is mainly comprised of two personal income 
taxes: Spanish personal income tax (PIT), for individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes, 
and Spanish non-residents' income tax (NRIT), for individuals who are not resident in Spain for tax 
purposes who obtain income in Spain.  
The following information relates to Spanish taxation only and is applicable to individual investors that 
are Spanish tax residents who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.

--- Page 82 ---
76  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
Capital gains and losses 
Any change in the value of the assets owned by PIT taxpayers resulting from any alteration in such 
assets may give rise to capital gains or losses which, in the event of the transfer of the instruments for 
valuable consideration, shall be calculated as the negative or positive difference between the acquisition 
value of the securities and their transfer value, determined by: (i) the listed value of the instruments as 
of the transfer date; or (ii) the agreed transfer price, when this exceeds the listed value of the 
instruments. Where the PIT taxpayer owns other securities of the same kind, the acquisition price of the 
transferred shares is based on the principle that those acquired first are sold first (FIFO). Both the 
acquisition and transfer values are increased or reduced, respectively, by the costs and taxes inherent 
to such transactions borne by the acquirer or transmitter, respectively. Capital gains or losses derived 
from the transfer of the instruments shall be included and offset in the savings taxable base of the tax 
period in which the transfer takes place, being taxed in the 2021 tax year at a rate of rate of 19% (for 
the first €6,000 of capital income obtained by the individual); 21% (for income between €6,000.00 and 
€50,000); 23% (for income between €50,000 and €200,000) and 26% (for income in excess of 
€200,000). Capital gains derived from transfer of the instruments are not subject to withholding tax on 
account of PIT. Finally, certain losses derived from the transfer of the instruments will not be treated as 
capital losses when identical securities are acquired during the two months prior or subsequent to the 
transfer date which originated 181 that loss. In such cases, capital losses shall be included in the taxable 
base upon the transfer of the remaining shares of the taxpayer 
GIBRALTAR 
The following information relates to Gibraltar taxation only and is applicable to individual investors that 
are Gibraltar tax residents who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.  
General  
To the extent that a Redemption Amount comprises repayment of the Principal Amount, this should be 
treated as a repayment of debt which is neutral for direct tax purposes.  
To the extent that the Redemption Amount exceeds the Principal Amount, such excess is expected to 
be treated as a capital gain. There is no capital gains tax in Gibraltar. 
 
THE ABOVE SUMMARIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF 
ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF ETI SECURITIES, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION.

--- Page 83 ---
77  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
 
None of the ETI Securities of any Series will be underwritten by any entity.  
Transfer restrictions applicable to the ETI Securities  
Liechtenstein     
The ETI Securities will not be offered, sold, placed or underwritten in the Principality of Liechtenstein, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of:  
(a) 
the Prospectus Law Act and the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 (as 
amended) and any rules of the Financial Markets Authority;  
(b) 
the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) 
and it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland;     
(c) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank 
rules issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended), and will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder;  
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Law Act” means the Liechtenstein 
Prospectus Law Act of 23rd May 2007, LGBl. 2007/196 (and amendments thereto).  
Switzerland     
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
ETI Securities described herein. The ETI Securities may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on 
any other exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the ETI Securities constitutes an Base Prospectus as 
such term is understood pursuant to article 652a or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the ETI Securities 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, nor 
the ETI Securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. The ETI 
Securities are not subject to the supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority, e.g., the Swiss Financial 
Markets Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and investors in the ETI Securities will not benefit from 
protection or supervision by such authority.

--- Page 84 ---
78
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Gibraltar 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation and the United Kingdom and Gibraltar (each, a “Relevant State”), the ETI 
Securities will not be offered to the public in that Relevant State except that it may, make an offer of ETI 
Securities to the public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
in cases where the Final Terms specify that an offer of ETI Securities may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Public Offer”), 
during the relevant offer period and provided the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of the Public Offer;  
(b) 
in all cases to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(c) 
in all cases to fewer than, 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer for any such 
offer; or  
(d) 
in all cases in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of ETI Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and any 
applicable supporting law, rule or regulation in the Relevant State.  
General  
Selling restrictions in respect of each Series of ETI Securities may be modified or supplemented by the 
agreement of the Issuer. Any such modification and any other or additional restrictions will be set out in 
the Constituting Document in respect of that Series of ETI Securities.

--- Page 85 ---
79  
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
 
1. 
There are no governmental, legal, litigation or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or 
have had since the date of its incorporation, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position 
or profitability.  
2. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any ETI Securities issued or entered into by 
the Issuer remain outstanding, the following documents will be available from the date hereof 
on the Arranger’s website https://altariuscapital.com and during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for physical inspection at and 
collection of copies free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:  
(1) 
this Base Prospectus;  
(2) 
any Master Calculation Agency Terms, Master Authorized Participant Terms, Master 
Conditions and any other master document which contains provisions which are 
incorporated by reference into any Constituting Document (in relation to a Series of ETI 
Securities which is or are outstanding) so as to constitute any Calculation Agency 
Agreement, Authorised Participant Agreement or other agreement with respect to a 
Series of ETI Securities (as amended, modified and / or supplemented by the relevant 
Constituting Document);  
(3) 
any agreement (other than the Constituting Document for each Series) supplemental to 
any of the documents referred to in (2) above;  
(4) 
the Paying Agent Agreement;     
(5) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(6) 
the most recent financial statements of the Issuer (if any);  
(7) 
the Constituting Document relating to each Series of ETI Securities; and     
(8) 
the Final Terms relating to each Series of ETI Securities.     
3. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are 
necessary in Liechtenstein at the date of this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
establishment and update of its Programme. The establishment of the Programme and the issue 
of this Base Prospectus were authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 27th May 2022.  
4. 
In respect of the Issuer, there has been changes in the financial or trading position of the Issuer 
due to commencement of operations. However, there is no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of the Issuer. This since 31st December 2021 (being the date of 
the first and most recently audited financial statements if applicable). For better convenience of

--- Page 86 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315 
the most recent financial or trading position, the none audited financial statements for 31st 
December 2022 (being the most recent financial statements) are a constituent part of the annex. 
5. 
The ETI Securities may be accepted for clearance through Clearstream. The Common Code, 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of ETI Securities will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Clearsream Banking AG is Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Germany.    The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.     
6. 
The Issuer will not provide post-issuance transaction information with regard to the ETI 
Securities of any Series which are admitted to trading or with regard to any underlying in respect 
of such ETI Securities.  
7. 
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
will not be incorporated by reference.  
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Marco Felder 
Mag. iur. Rainer A. Sprenger 
Director 
Director

--- Page 87 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
ANNEX 1  
 
AUDITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021 OF THE ISSUER  
 
NO AUDITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022 OF THE ISSUER

--- Page 88 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 89 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 90 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 91 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 92 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 93 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 94 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
ALTARIUS ETI AG 
  
NO AUDITED Annual Report  
For Financial Year 2022

--- Page 95 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 96 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315

--- Page 97 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
ANNEX 2  
 
ISSUED ETI SECURITIES 
  
Think Credit ETI | ISIN: DE000A3G1M05 | WKN: A3G1M0 
and  
 
META ETI | ISIN: DE000A3G1PE3 | WKN: A3G1PE

--- Page 98 ---
BPETI_001.1_220315 
 
ISSUER  
Altarius ETI AG 
Landstrasse 158 
9494 Schaan 
Liechtenstein 
 
ARRANGER 
Altarius Capital Limited 
World Trade Center Unit 526 
6 Bayside Road 
Gibraltar 
GX11 1AA 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Baader Bank AG 
Weihenstephaner Strasse 4 
85716 Unterschleissheim 
Germany 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Altarius Capital Limited 
World Trade Center Unit 526 
6 Bayside Road 
Gibraltar 
GX11 1AA 
 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
 Altarius Capital Limited 
World Trade Center Unit 526 
6 Bayside Road 
Gibraltar 
GX11 1AA 
 
Altarius Index PCC Limited 
2 Irish Town  
Gibraltar 
GX11 1AA 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
(to the Issuer and Arranger in respect of Gibraltar laws) 
Triay Lawyers Limited 
28 Irish Town  
Gibraltar 
GX11 1AA