--- Page 1 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Base Prospectus 
Aberdeen (United Kingdom), 5 April 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
2
Important information 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Altera Shuttle Tankers 
L.L.C. (the “Company”, “Altera Shuttle Tankers” or “we”). 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead 
Managers, available at their websites (www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no , www.danskebank.no and www.seb.no). 
Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors 
and employees may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Base Prospectus and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers’ corporate finance department may act as manager 
or co-manager for this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.   
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
The Base Prospectus dated 5 April 2022 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 12
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 13
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 14
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 15
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 16
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 22
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 25
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 26
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 30
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 31
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 33
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 34
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 44
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 45
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' AND JOINT LEAD MANAGER’S DISCLAIMER ......................................... 47
ANNEX 1 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT .......... 48
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 49

--- Page 4 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the 
risk factors set out in the Registration Document before making an investment decision. 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should consult his or her 
own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in securities of the Company. An investment in securities 
of the Company entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated 
with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of the investment. Against this background, an 
investor should thus make a careful assessment of the Company and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including but not limited to the cost structure for both the Company and the investors, as well as the investors' 
current and future tax position. The risk factors for the Company and the Group are deemed to be equivalent for 
the purpose of this Registration Document unless otherwise stated. 
The risks within each category are listed, in the view of the Company, according to the possible negative impact 
they may have and the probability of their occurrence. The greatest risk within each category is mentioned first. It 
applies for all risk factors that, if materialized will have an adverse effect on the Company and/or the Group that 
may reduce anticipated revenue and profitability, which could ultimately result in an insolvency situation. 
1.1 Risks related to the Group's business and industry 
The Group operates in a market which is governed by regulatory regimes which may be subject to change. 
The Group's operations are subject to a high degree of regulation, varying across the jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates. For instance, different requirements and regulations apply to anti-pollution requirements, working 
environment and liability for environmental events. In certain regulatory regimes where the Group operates, such 
requirements may also be subject to change without notice or with limited advance notice. If regulations applicable 
to the Group or its businesses change, or if the Group or its partners fail to abide by applicable regulations or meet 
applicable requirements in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, then the Group may lose rights, suffer 
fines or other penalties or otherwise incur costs. Such regulatory violations could adversely affect the Group’s 
operations and business. Furthermore, any changes to tax legislation or practices in jurisdictions in which the Group 
entities are resident for tax purposes may have a material adverse effect on the operating results or financial position 
of the Group. 
The Group depends on Altera Infrastructure L.P (“Altera" or the "Partnership") and its subsidiaries to 
assist the Group in operating its businesses and competing in its markets. 
Direct and indirect subsidiaries of Altera provide to the Group certain administrative and other services which the 
Group depends upon in order to operate its business. The Group’s business could be harmed if such direct and 
indirect subsidiaries of the Partnership fail to perform those services satisfactorily or if they stop providing those 
services. 
The Group derives a substantial majority of its revenues from a limited number of customers, and the 
loss of any such customer or a contract dispute with any such customer could result in a significant loss 
of revenues and cash flow. 
The loss of any of the Group’s significant customers or a reduction in revenues from them could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations and financial condition. The Group’s future growth 
depends on the ability to expand relationships with existing customers and obtain new customers.  
Market conditions may limit the Group's access to capital. 
Depressed market conditions in the energy sector may significantly reduce the Group's access to capital, 
particularly equity and debt capital. Debt financing or refinancing may furthermore not be available on acceptable 
terms, if at all. Incurring additional debt may increase the Group’s leverage, susceptibility to market downturns or 
adversely affect its ability to pursue future growth opportunities. Lack of access to debt capital at reasonable rates 
could adversely affect the Group's ability to refinance debt and finance operations as most vessels owned by the 
group are partly financed by debt.  
The Group’s insurance coverage and indemnities may not adequately cover all risks, losses or expenses.
The Group is unable or deems it commercially unreasonable to insure against all risks and may be exposed under 
certain circumstances to uninsurable hazards, losses and risks. None of the Group’s shuttle tankers are currently 
insured against loss of revenues resulting from vessel off-hire time, based on the cost of insurance compared to 
the Group's off-hire experience. Accordingly, the Group could incur substantial losses if an event which is not fully

--- Page 5 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
5
covered by insurance occurs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Continuing revenue under life-of-field contracts depends upon continuing field operations and other 
charter contracts will depend upon renewals or contract extensions. 
The duration of some of the shuttle tanker contracts of the Group is equal to the life of the relevant oil field or is 
subject to extension by the field operator or vessel charterer. If the oil field no longer produces oil or is abandoned 
or the contract term is not extended, or the applicable contract is not renewed, the relevant Group entity will no 
longer generate revenue under the related contract and will need to seek to redeploy affected vessels. If the Group 
entity is unable to promptly redeploy any affected vessels at rates at least equal to those under the prior contracts, 
if at all, the Group’s operating results could be harmed. Fluctuations in the utilization of the Group’s vessels may 
adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. Further, a portion of the Group’s vessels operate 
under contracts of affreightment. Payments under these contracts of affreightment are based upon the volume of 
oil transported, which in turn depends upon the level of oil production at the fields serviced under the contracts. Oil 
production levels are affected by several factors, all of which are beyond the Group’s control, including but not 
limited to fluctuations in the price of oil (which historically has experienced material declines), geological factors, 
including general declines in production that occur naturally over time; mechanical failure or operator error; the rate 
of technical developments in extracting oil and related infrastructure and implementation costs; the availability of 
necessary drilling and other governmental permits; the availability of qualified personnel and equipment; strikes, 
employee lockouts or other labour unrest; and regulatory changes. In addition, the volume of oil produced may be 
adversely affected by extended repairs to oil field installations or suspensions of field operations as a result of oil 
spills or otherwise 
The Group may experience operational problems with vessels that could reduce revenue and increase 
costs. 
Shuttle tankers are complex and their operations are technically challenging and require substantial capital 
expenditures. Operational problems or an aging fleet may lead to loss of revenue or higher than anticipated 
operating expenses or require additional capital expenditures. Any of these results could harm the Group’s 
business, financial condition and operating results. 
The nature of the Group’s operations exposes it to a wide range of environmental regulations that could 
result in significant environmental liabilities. 
The Group’s operations are subject to local, national and international environmental regulations. The costs of 
compliance associated with environmental regulations and changes thereto could require significant expenditures, 
and failure to comply with such regulations could result in the imposition of material fines and penalties or temporary 
or permanent suspension of operations. Examples of this includes necessary adherence to tightening regulations 
related to carbon intensity of operations potentially requiring technical investments and/or switching to alternative 
fuel types. Another example would be fines and penalties related to potential oil spills and other environmental 
contamination. An incident involving environmental contamination could also harm the Group’s reputation and 
business. 
COVID-19 and other pandemics may adversely impact the operations and profitability of the Group. 
Although the Group has not experienced any material business interruptions or financial impact as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, governmental orders throughout Europe and other relevant jurisdictions globally may 
continue to impose or impose new restrictions on both personnel and goods. This may in turn force the Group to 
apply measures in accordance with the authorities’ instructions and advice to protect the public health and safety 
of personnel. Both the COVID-19 pandemic and any future pandemic may impact the ability of the Group to operate 
its shuttle tankers and to take delivery of its newbuild vessels on time and on cost. In addition, customers of the 
Group may invoke force majeure regulations in the existing contracts, which in turn may impact the earnings and 
profitability of the Group. The Group is continuing to closely monitor inter alia counterparty risk associated with its 
vessels under contract and will work to mitigate any potential impact on the business, there can however be no 
assurance that any such mitigating efforts will be successful, in which case the earnings and profitability of the 
Group will be negatively affected. 
The Group is dependent on experienced managers and employees. 
The Group is dependent upon those individuals providing to it senior management functions and services and 
employees having relevant experience. Pursuant to services agreements, subsidiaries of the Partnership and of 
Altera, provide substantially all of the Group’s managerial, operational and administrative services and other 
technical and advisory services. The loss of the key personnel providing such services and the failure to successfully

--- Page 6 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
6
recruit replacements in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to financial restrictions and covenants. 
The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the Company's or the Group’s financing arrangements 
and any future financing agreements may restrict the Group’s business activities, could adversely affect the Group’s 
ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage, expand or pursue its business activities, and these 
restrictions and covenants could also affect the ability of the Company’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and make 
distributions to the Company, thus adversely affecting its cash flow. The Company may be able to take on additional 
debt from related parties and such debt may not be counted as part of total debt in the financial covenants of the 
bond, regardless of the status of such liabilities. The financial restrictions and covenants does not provide any 
certainty that investors may not lose their investments in whole or in part.   
The Group may be unable to realize expected benefits from any acquisitions of vessels.  
Any acquisition of a vessel may not be profitable at or after the time of acquisition and may not generate cash flow 
sufficient to justify the investment. Unlike newbuild vessels, existing vessels typically do not carry warranties as to 
heir condition. While the Group will likely inspect any existing vessels prior to purchase, such inspection would 
normally not provide the Group with as much knowledge of the vessel's condition as it would possess if the vessel 
had been built for the Group and operated by it during its life. Repairs and maintenance costs for existing vessels 
are difficult to predict and may be substantially higher than for vessels operated by the Group since they were built. 
These costs could decrease the Company's cash flow and reduce its liquidity. 
The Group may be subject to legal, governmental, regulatory or arbitration proceedings that could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
The nature of the Group's operations implies a high degree of risk for material litigation, claims and disputes, inter 
alia from customers, regulatory authorities and third parties. Such risk relates to (but is not limited to) claims for 
breach or non-compliance with customer contracts, non-compliance with regulatory requirements (e.g. spillage, 
pollution etc.), and damage caused to third-party property. Should any such incidents occur, this may in turn involve 
claims for significant monetary amounts. Such claims may not be covered by insurance or may impose restrictions 
on the Group’s business operations. In such case, claims or outcomes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s reputation, business, financial position and results of operations.  
Marine transportation is inherently risky, particularly in the extreme conditions in which many of the 
Group’s vessels will operate.
An incident involving significant loss of product or environmental contamination by any of the vessels could harm 
the Group’s reputation and business. Events such as marine disasters, adverse weather, mechanical failures, 
grounding, capsizing, fire, explosions and collisions, piracy, cyber-attacks, human error, and war and terrorism may 
damage vessels and their cargoes and oil production facilities. Accidents may cause death or injury to persons, 
loss of property, damage to the environment and natural resources, delays in the delivery of cargo, loss of revenues 
from charters or contract of affreigthment, liabilities or costs to recover any spilled oil or other petroleum products, 
liabilities or costs to restore the eco-system affected by the spill, governmental fines, penalties or restrictions on 
conducting business, higher insurance rates, and damage to reputation and customer relationships generally, any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. In 
addition, any damage to, or environmental contamination involving, oil production facilities serviced could suspend 
that service and result in loss of revenues. 
Competition and other factors may affect demand for the Group’s services. 
The demand for the Group’s services may be volatile and will be subject to variations for a number of reasons, 
including factors such as uncertainty in demand for the relevant products, declines in oil and natural gas markets, 
competition (including by other companies that may have greater resources than the Group), slowdowns in 
economic activities, or regulatory changes. Furthermore, the demand for shuttle tankers is invariably based on the 
developments of new oil fields in addition to the continuing production of fields on stream. Environmental protection 
of certain geographical areas, tax increases, and a decline oil price are examples which could lead to a decline in 
new developments and as a result may decrease demand. Subject to the terms of an omnibus agreement between 
the Issuer, the Partnership, its general partner and other former affiliates of the Partnership, including Teekay 
Corporation, and its affiliates may engage in competition with the Group.

--- Page 7 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
7
Fluctuations in interest rates may materially affect the Group’s operating results. 
The Group is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, primarily through the Group's floating-rate borrowings 
that require the Group to make interest payments based on LIBOR. If interest rates increase, the Group’s debt 
service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained 
the same, and the Group's net income and cash available for servicing our indebtedness would decrease. The 
Group may or may not hedge its floating interest rate exposure under existing or future financing arrangements. 
LIBOR is furthermore the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. In March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it will cease 
the publication of LIBOR after December 31, 2021, with the exception of certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR which 
will cease publication after June 30, 2023. It is unclear whether an extension will be granted or new methods of 
calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after the scheduled expiration dates, or if 
alternative rates will be adopted. Global regulators are working with the financial sector to transition away from the 
use of LIBOR and towards the adoption of alternative reference rates. For example, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in 
conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial 
institutions, is considering replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase 
agreements, backed by Treasury securities (or SOFR). SOFR is observed and backward-looking, which stands in 
contrast with LIBOR under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some 
degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. Whether or not SOFR attains market acceptance as 
a LIBOR replacement tool remains in question and there can be no assurance that the transition to a new 
benchmark rate or other financial metric will be an adequate alternative to LIBOR or produce the economic 
equivalent of LIBOR. As a result, it is not possible at this time to know the ultimate impact that a phase-out of LIBOR 
may have. 
The results of the Group’s shuttle tanker operations in the North Sea are subject to seasonal fluctuations. 
Due to harsh winter weather conditions, oil field operators in the North Sea typically schedule oil platform and other 
infrastructure repairs and maintenance during the summer months. Because the North Sea is one of the Group’s 
primary existing offshore oil markets, this seasonal repair and maintenance activity contributes to quarter-to-quarter 
volatility in the Group’s results of operations, as oil production typically is lower in the second and third quarters in 
this region compared with production in the first and fourth quarters. Such volatility may cause fluctuations in the 
quarterly results of the Group which may have a negative effect on the ability of the Issuer to service its debt on a 
quarterly basis. Should the effect of such seasonal fluctuations exceed what is common or expected, for instance 
if fields experience longer maintenance shutdown times than expected, this may have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, operating results or financial condition. 
Because a portion of the Group’s North Sea shuttle tankers operate under contracts of affreightment (CoAs), under 
which revenue is based on the volume of oil transported, the results of these shuttle tanker operations in the North 
Sea under these contracts generally reflect this seasonal pattern of transport demand. Additionally, when the Group 
redeploys affected shuttle tankers as conventional oil tankers while platform maintenance and repairs are 
conducted, the overall financial results for the North Sea shuttle tanker operations may be negatively affected as 
the rates in the conventional oil tanker markets are usually lower than CoA rates. In addition, the Group seeks to 
coordinate some of the general dry-docking schedule of its fleet with this seasonality, which may result in lower 
revenues and increased dry-docking expenses during the summer months. 
The Group may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness and may be forced 
to take other actions to satisfy the obligations under its indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
Given volatility associated with the Group's business and industry, and in particular a decline in oil prices which in 
turn will negatively impact the demand for the Groups services, or a general deterioration of the global economic 
environment, particularly in Brazil, Norway and Canada (the "Primary Jurisdictions"), the Group's future cash flow 
may be insufficient to meet the Group's debt obligations and other commitments. Any insufficiency could negatively 
impact the Group's business. A range of economic, competitive, business and industry factors, including those 
beyond the Group's control, will affect future financial performance, and, as a result, the Group's ability to generate 
cash flow from operations and to pay the Group's debt obligations. If the Group's cash flows and capital resources 
are insufficient to fund the Group's debt service obligations and other commitments, the Group may be forced to 
reduce or delay planned investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional financing in the 
debt or equity markets or restructure or refinance the Group's indebtedness. The Group's ability to restructure or 
refinance its indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and the Group's financial condition at 
such time. Any refinancing of the Group's indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require the Group 
to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict the Group's business operations. There can 
be no assurance that any such sources of financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, 
any failure to make payments of interest and principal on the Group's outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis 
would likely result in a reduction of the Group's credit rating, which could harm the Group's ability to incur additional 
indebtedness. In the absence of sufficient cash flows and capital resources, the Group could face substantial

--- Page 8 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
8
liquidity problems and may be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet the Group's debt service 
and other obligations. The Group may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that 
the Group could have realized from them and any proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service 
obligations then due. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit the Group to meet our 
debt service obligations. 
The international nature of the Group's operations may make the outcome of any bankruptcy proceedings 
difficult to predict. 
The Company was formed under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Subsidiaries were formed 
or incorporated under the laws of the Marshall Islands, Norway, Singapore and certain other countries besides the 
United States, and the Group conducts operations in countries around the world. Consequently, in the event of any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Group or any of 
our subsidiaries, bankruptcy laws other than those of the United States could apply. We have limited operations in 
the United States. If we become a debtor under U.S. bankruptcy law, bankruptcy courts in the United States may 
seek to assert jurisdiction over all of the Group's assets, wherever located, including property situated in other 
countries. There can be no assurance, however, that the Group would become a debtor in the United States, or 
that a U.S. bankruptcy court would be entitled to, or accept, jurisdiction over such a bankruptcy case, or that courts 
in other countries that have jurisdiction over the Group and the Group's operations would recognize a U.S. 
bankruptcy court’s jurisdiction if any other bankruptcy court would determine it had jurisdiction. 
Because the Company is organized under the laws of the Marshall Islands, it may be difficult to serve the 
Company with legal process or enforce judgments against it, or its directors or management. 
The Company is organized under the laws of the Marshall Islands, and all of the Group’s assets are located outside 
of the United States. The Group’s business is operated primarily from its offices in Norway, Canada, the United 
Kingdom and Singapore. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible to bring an action against the Company or 
against these individuals in the United States. Even if successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the 
Marshall Islands and of other jurisdictions may prevent or restrict the enforcement of a judgment against the 
Company’s assets. 
As a Marshall Islands limited liability company, the Issuer’s operations may be subject to the economic 
substance requirements which could harm its business. 
Finance ministers of the EU rate jurisdictions for tax transparency, governance, real economic activity and corporate 
tax rate. Countries that do not adequately cooperate with the finance ministers are put on a “grey list” or a “blacklist”. 
EU member states have agreed upon a set of measures, which they can choose to apply against the listed countries, 
including increased monitoring and audits, withholding taxes, special documentation requirements and anti-abuse 
provisions. The European Commission has stated it will continue to support member states' efforts to develop a 
more coordinated approach to sanctions for the listed countries in 2019. EU legislation prohibits EU funds from 
being channeled or transited through entities in countries on the blacklist. The Company is a Marshall Islands limited 
liability company which is strategically managed at board level from the UK, and therefore also tax resident in the 
UK. A number of its subsidiaries are also organized in the Marshall Islands. The Marshall Islands is not currently 
on any EU blacklist (having been removed from the blacklist in 2019). There can be no assurance however that 
The Marshall Islands will not in the future again be placed on the blacklist, which may impact the transfer of funds 
through the Group. 
A cyber-attack could materially disrupt the Group's business. 
Rapid digitalization in the marine and offshore industry has led to increased reliance on information technology 
systems and networks in our operations and the administration of the Group's business. Our threat analysis and 
security tools reports show that cyber-attacks have increased in number and sophistication in recent years. The 
Group's operations could be targeted by individuals or groups seeking to sabotage or disrupt the Group's 
information technology systems and networks or to steal data. A successful cyber-attack could materially disrupt 
the Group's operations, including the safety of the Group's operations, or lead to the unauthorized release of 
information or alteration of data on the Group's systems. Any such attack or other breaches of our information 
technology systems could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations.
1.1.2 Risks related to the countries in which the Group operates 
Political and economic policies of the governments of the Primary Jurisdictions may affect the Group’s 
business and results of operations. 
Substantial portion of the Group’s principal assets and operations are located in the Primary Jurisdictions. Any 
adverse change in the economic conditions or political environment or government policies in the Primary

--- Page 9 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
9
Jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth and the level of investments and 
expenditures in the Primary Jurisdictions, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for shuttle tanker 
services and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. If the governments of the Primary Jurisdictions should impose greater restrictions on foreign 
companies and investors, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially 
and adversely affected. 
Allegations of improper payments may harm the Group’s reputation and business. 
The Group may be subject to allegations of improper payments made to authorities at state-controlled enterprises 
in Brazil or other jurisdictions. In spite of the Group’s policy of observance of the highest ethical standards, any such 
allegation, were it to be substantiated, may give rise to penalties, fines or contract disputes, any of which could 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Any such 
allegation, whether or not substantiated, could harm the Group’s reputation. In May 2016, a former executive of 
Transpetro, the transportation and logistics subsidiary of Petrobras, alleged in a plea bargain that a subsidiary of 
Altera that is now a subsidiary of the Company, along with other shipping companies, purportedly made improper 
payments to local Brazilian agents between 2004 and 2006 in an aggregate amount of approximately 1.5 million 
Brazilian Reals (less than $0.4 million at the December 31, 2018 exchange rate). An extensive internal investigation 
was conducted, with the assistance of United States, Brazilian and Norwegian counsel and forensic accountants, 
to evaluate these allegations. Based on the information reasonably available and reviewed as part of the 
investigation, the investigation did not identify conclusive proof that any of the alleged improper payments were 
made or that any of the Group’s current or former employees intended for the alleged improper payments to be 
made. However, there is no assurance the conclusions of the investigation are accurate or will not be challenged, 
or that other information may exist or become available that would affect such conclusions, and such conclusions 
are not binding on regulatory or governmental authorities. It is uncertain how these allegations ultimately may affect 
the Group, if at all, including the possibility of penalties that could be assessed by relevant authorities. Any claims 
against any member of the Group may adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and 
operating results. As of the date of this Presentation, no legal or governmental  proceedings are pending or, to the 
Company’s knowledge, contemplated against 
any member of the Group relating to these allegations. 
Uncertainties with respect to the legal systems of the Primary Jurisdictions could limit the protections 
available to the Group. 
The Group’s primary material agreements and operations are governed by laws which may be subject to uncertain 
interpretation. A substantial portion of the Group’s assets and operations are located or conducted in the Primary 
Jurisdictions. If disputes arise in connection with the Group’s assets or operations, the Group may be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Primary Jurisdictions or other foreign courts or arbitration tribunals and may not be successful in 
subjecting foreign persons, especially foreign oil ministries and national oil companies, to the legal jurisdiction of 
the Primary Jurisdictions or other, desired legal jurisdictions. The uncertainties under the laws of the Primary 
Jurisdictions, or the laws of other relevant countries, may impede the Group’s ability to enforce the terms of any 
agreements entered into with the Group’s partners, service providers and suppliers that are governed by the laws 
of the Primary Jurisdictions or other relevant countries. 
The Issuer’s affiliate Altera Infrastructure Norway AS is subject to an ongoing investigation relating to 
suspected violations of Norwegian pollution and export laws. 
The investigations are currently ongoing and relate shuttle tanker exports from the Norwegian Continental Shelf in 
2018. Whilst the Norwegian authorities continue their review of seized materials, the involved company has together 
with their advisors, continued to review materials connected with such export and, having not identified that any 
such process breached any export laws, continues to deny the allegations brought. Although the involved company 
is not in the Group, and the Group accordingly is not directly involved or directly affected by the current investigations 
or allegations, there is a risk that the overall perception in the market may cause reputational damage to the Group, 
which in turn may impact the overall financial performance of the Group. No assurance can be made with respect 
to the results or timing of the ongoing review and investigations. Should the Norwegian authorities conclude that 
Altera Infrastructure Norway AS has breached relevant export restrictions, this may result in fines against the 
company as well as wider reputational damage to the Group. 
Risk of war, other armed conflicts, piracy, increased hostilities and terrorist attacks. 
War, military tension, revolutions, piracy and terrorist attacks, or increases in such events or activities, could create 
or increase instability in the world’s financial and commercial markets. This may significantly increase political and 
economic instability in some of the geographic markets in which the Group operates or may operate in the future, 
and may contribute to high levels of volatility in charter rates or oil prices. Hijacking as a result of an act of piracy 
against any of the Group’s vessels, or an increase in cost or unavailability of insurance for such vessels, could have 
a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 10 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
10
In addition, oil facilities, shipyards, vessels, pipelines, oil fields or other infrastructure could be targets of future 
terrorist attacks or warlike operations and the Group’s vessels could be targets of pirates, hijackers, terrorists or 
others. Armed conflicts, piracy, increased hostilities, terrorism and their effects on the Group or its markets may 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial position and operating results. 
1.1.3 Risks related to the taxation of the Group 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may be subject to taxes in certain jurisdictions, which may reduce cash 
available for, inter alia, debt service. 
The Group is currently subject to taxation in certain jurisdictions in which its members are organized, own assets 
or have operations, which could reduce the amount of cash available to service its debt obligations, and for other 
purposes. Due to the international presence of the Group’s operations, the Group may become subject to taxation 
in new jurisdiction which, in the event this should materialize, will further reduce the amount of cash available to 
service debt. 
Future changes in tax legislation applicable to Group Companies may reduce net revenues. 
The Group includes entities incorporated and resident for tax purposes in several different jurisdictions. Any 
changes to tax legislation or practices in jurisdictions in which the Group entities are resident for tax purposes may 
have a material adverse effect on the operating results or financial position of the Group. 
1.2 Risks related to the Bonds 
Significant cash requirement to meet debt obligations and sustain operations 
The Issuer's ability to make principal or interest payments when due in respect of its financial indebtedness, 
including (without limitation) the Issuer's financial indebtedness in respect of the Bonds, will depend on the Group's 
future performance and its ability to generate cash which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, 
financial, competitive, legislative, legal, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's control. 
In addition to debt service, the Group will also need significant amounts of cash to fund its business and operations. 
The Bonds will mature in 2025 and if the Issuer does not have sufficient cash flows from operations and other capital 
resources of the Group to pay its financial indebtedness and to fund its other liquidity needs, or cash has become 
trapped in the subsidiaries of the Issuer due to corporate, tax or contractual limitations, the Issuer may be required 
to incur new financial indebtedness in order to be able to repay the Bonds at maturity. The type, timing and terms 
of any future financing will depend on the Group's cash needs and the conditions prevailing in the financial markets. 
If the Issuer is unable to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on terms acceptable 
to the Issuer, the Issuer may be forced to reduce or delay the business activities or capital expenditures of the 
Group or sell assets or raise additional debt or equity financing in amounts that could be substantial. No assurance 
can be given that the Issuer will be able to accomplish any of these measures in a timely manner or on commercially 
reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of the Bond Terms and any future debt may limit the Group's ability 
to pursue any of these measures. 
Call Options and mandatory prepayment risks 
The terms and conditions of the Bonds will provide that the Bonds may be subject to optional redemption by the 
Issuer, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Bonds The terms and conditions of the Bonds 
will provide that the Bonds shall be subject to optional redemption by the Company at their outstanding principal 
amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, plus a premium calculated in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Bonds.This is likely to limit the market value of the Bonds. Further more, the Bonds 
are subject to mandatory prepayment upon the occurrence of certain events. Following an early redemption, it may 
not be possible for Bondholders to reinvest proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Bonds. 
There is no existing trading market for the Bonds, and a trading market that provides adequate liquidity 
may not develop 
There is no existing market for the Bonds, and there can be no assurance given regarding the future development 
of a trading market for the Bonds. Even though the Issuer will apply for listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange, the Issuer has not entered into any market making scheme for the Bonds and potential investors should 
note that it may be difficult or even impossible to trade and sell the Bonds on the secondary market, and the Bonds 
may not be readily accepted as collateral for loans or other liabilities.

--- Page 11 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
11
Risks related to transfer restrictions on the Bonds 
As the Group is relying upon exemptions from registration under the U.S. Securities Act, applicable state securities 
laws, and UK and EU securities laws in the placement of the Bonds, the Bonds may only be transferred in a 
transaction registered under or exempt from the registration or prospectus requirements of such legislation in the 
future. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Bonds at their preferred time or price. The Group cannot 
assure investors as to the future liquidity of the Bonds. 
The terms and conditions of the Bond Terms will allow for modification of the Bonds and waivers that may 
be implemented without the consent from each Bondholder 
The Bond Terms will include provisions for convening Bondholder meetings and decisions may be made by defined 
majority of the Bondholders, implementing changes that are binding for all Bondholders. This implies that 
amendments may be made to the Bond Terms which may be unfavorable or otherwise to a disadvantage to certain 
Bondholders. Provided that such amendments will be binding on all Bondholders, regardless of whether such 
Bondholder agrees or disagrees with such amendments. 
Subordination of the Bonds 
The Bonds are unsecured and does not enjoy the benefit of any guarantee or similar assurance from any other 
member of the Group or any other person. Accordingly, the Bonds will be structurally subordinated to debt in other 
members of the Group and members of the Group are permitted to incur certain types of secured indebtedness. In 
the event that such secured debt becomes due or a secured lender proceeds against the assets that secure the 
debt, the assets would be available to satisfy obligations under the secured debt before any payment would be 
made on the Bonds. Any assets remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt may not be sufficient to 
repay all amounts owing under the Bonds.

--- Page 12 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
12
2 Definitions 
Annual Report 2020 
The annual consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers 
L.L.C.  for the year ended December 31, 2020 
Annual Report 2019 
The annual consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers 
L.L.C.  for the year ended December 31, 2019 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 5 April 2022. 
CoA 
Means contract of affreightment, which is a contract with a charterer for a 
specified voyage or voyages, or for a specified time. The charterer agrees 
to pay a specified freight for the use of the shuttle tanker.  
Company/Issuer/Altera Shuttle  
Tankers/AST 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., a Marshall Islands limited liability company. 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
FPSO 
Floating Production, Storage and Offloading unit 
FSO 
Floating storage and offloading unit 
General Partner: 
Altera Infrastructure GP L.L.C., the general partner of Altera Infrastructure 
L.P. (Altera Infrastructure or the Partnership). 
Group 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
Interim Report Q1 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. for 
the three months period ended March 31, 2021 
Interim Report Q2 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. for 
the three months period ended June 30, 2021 
Interim Report Q3 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. for 
the three months period ended September 30, 2021 
Interim Report Q4 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. for 
the three months period ended December 31, 2021 
Joint Bookrunners 
DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Abp, filial i Norge. 
Joint Lead Managers 
Danske Bank, Norwegian Branch and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ). 
LNG 
Liquified natural gas 
NYSE 
The New York Stock Exchange 
UMS Business 
Unit for Maintenance and Safety Business 
USD 
US Dollar

--- Page 13 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
13
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park, Prospect Road, Arnhall Business Park, Westhill, 
Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ. 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
Aberdeen (United Kingdom), 5 April 2022 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the template for Final 
Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 14 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
14
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been:  
Annual Report 2019: Ernst & Young LLP, 700 W Georgia St, Vancouver, BC V7Y 1C7, Canada. 
Ernst & Young LLP is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of British Columbia. 
Annual Report 2020: Ernst & Young AS, Vassbotnen 11a Forus, NO-4313 Sandnes. 
Ernst & Young AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants. 
In 2020, in order to align the geographical location of the Issuer’s key corporate and accounting functions with its 
principal accountants the decision was made to transition from Ernst & Young LLP (Canada) to Ernst & Young 
AS.

--- Page 15 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
15
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The registered legal name of the Issuer is Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., the commercial name is Altera Shuttle 
Tankers. 
The registered business address, telephone number and website of the Issuer’s principal place of business is: 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C.  
Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park 
Prospect Road, Arnhall Business Park 
Westhill, Aberdeenshire 
United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ 
Telephone number: +44 122 45 68 200 
The Issuer’s registered address is: 
Trust Company Complex 
Ajeltake Road, Ajeltake Island  
Majuro, MH96960 
Republic of the Marshall Islands 
Website  www.alterainfra.com
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is a Marshall Islands limited liability company, with company registration no. 963935 and with LEI 
code 549300HNHHJ4SLVPDR57. 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
The Company is a limited liability company organised under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands. 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. was formed in the Marshall Islands on 5th July 2017.   
5.1.4 Objects and purposes  
According to the Issuer’s Limited Liability Company Agreement, Section 2.3, the purpose for which the Company 
was established is to engage in any lawful activity permitted by the Act. 
5.1.5 Expected financing of activities 
As at December 31, 2021, the Company has commitments relating to shipbuilding contracts for one shuttle tanker 
newbuilding, which was delivered in March 2022.  
The Company secured $105.6 million of borrowings relating to this shuttle tanker newbuilding, which as at 
December 31, 2021 had an undrawn balance of $63.4 million.

--- Page 16 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
16
6 Business Overview    
The source of the information contained in the Registration Document is from Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. unless 
otherwise stated. Where information has been sourced from a third party the information has been accurately 
reproduced and that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The market information and illustrations in this chapter are from the Company's investor presentation in connection 
with the bond issue with ISIN NO0011167785 publicly available at: www.alterainfra.com
6.1 Introduction 
Effective March 24, 2020, Teekay Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. was renamed as Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. (Altera 
Shuttle Tankers or the Company). Altera Shuttle Tankers is a 100% owned subsidiary of Altera Infrastructure 
Holdings L.L.C. (Altera Infrastructure Holdings and formerly Teekay Offshore Holdings L.L.C.), and Altera 
Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C. is a 100% owned subsidiary of Altera Infrastructure L.P. (Altera Infrastructure or the 
Partnership and formerly Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.) . This new name aligns with the Company's vision to lead 
the industry to a sustainable future by establishing a global energy infrastructure services company that will create 
long-term value for its stakeholders, while upholding a commitment to operational excellence, safety, strong results 
and lower emissions.  
Altera Shuttle Tankers and its subsidiaries (together with the Company, the Group) is an owner and operator of 
shuttle tankers and was formed in 2017 by Altera Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C., formerly Teekay Offshore Holdings 
L.L.C, a 100% owned subsidiary of Altera Infrastructure. As at December 31, 2021, Brookfield Business Partners 
L.P., together with its institutional investors (NYSE: BBU) (TSX: BBU.UN) (collectively Brookfield), owned a 100% 
interest in Altera Infrastructure's general partner and 98.7% of Altera Infrastructure's outstanding common units. 
Altera Infrastructure is an international midstream services provider to the offshore oil industry, focused on the 
ownership and operation of critical infrastructure assets in offshore oil regions of the North Sea, Brazil and the East 
Coast of Canada.  
Altera Shuttle Tankers' customer base primarily consists of oil majors and producers and the Group's vessels 
operate under long-term, fixed-rate contracts of affreightment (or CoA), time-charter contracts and voyage charter 
contracts. The Company's business strategy is primarily focused on implementing existing growth projects, 
extending assets on long-term charters and pursuing additional strategic growth projects. 
Shuttle Tankers are a critical and Irreplaceable Part of the Offshore Value Chain

--- Page 17 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
17
6.2 Description of the business 
A shuttle tanker is a specialized ship designed to transport crude oil and condensates from offshore oil field 
installations to onshore terminals and refineries. Shuttle tankers are equipped with sophisticated loading systems 
and dynamic positioning systems that allow the vessels to load cargo safely and reliably even in harsh weather 
conditions. Shuttle tankers were developed in the North Sea as an alternative to pipelines. The first cargo from an 
offshore field in the North Sea was shipped in 1977, and the first dynamically-positioned shuttle tankers were 
introduced in the early 1980s. Shuttle tankers are often described as “floating pipelines” because these vessels 
typically shuttle oil from offshore installations to onshore facilities in much the same way a pipeline would transport 
oil along the ocean floor.  
The Group’s shuttle tankers are primarily subject to long-term, fixed-rate time-charters or contracts of affreightment 
for various fields. The number of voyages performed under the contracts of affreightment depends upon the oil 
production of each field. Competition for charters is based primarily upon price, availability, the size, technical 
sophistication, age and condition of the vessel and the reputation of the vessel’s manager. Shuttle tanker demand 
may be affected by the possible substitution of sub-sea pipelines to transport oil from offshore production platforms. 
The shuttle tankers in our contract of affreightment fleet may operate in the conventional spot market during 
downtime or maintenance periods for oil field installations or otherwise, which provides increased utilization for the 
fleet. 
6.3 Operations and fleet 
Global crude oil and gas prices have recovered from the uncertainty regarding demand created by the COVID-19 
pandemic. However, as the timing of the ongoing global immunization effort, including the effectiveness of the 
vaccines, and the severity of outbreaks of variants of the virus are still highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 
the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, financial condition and operating results cannot be 
determined. Our business involves the ownership and operation of critical infrastructure assets in offshore oil 
regions and any significant decrease in demand for crude oil could adversely affect the demand for our vessels and 
the types of services we offer. Additionally, a continuation of the pandemic may result in reduced cash flow and a 
weakened financial condition, including potential liquidity constraints and potential reduced access to capital 
because of any credit tightening or declines in global financial markets. Our business model is to employ our vessels 
on fixed-rate contracts with oil companies, typically with terms between three and ten years, and therefore we do 
not expect any significant near-term impact on our liquidity. Potential effects of the pandemic include, among others, 
force majeure claims relating to existing contracts, increased counterparty risk and/or default, fewer contract 
extension opportunities, and in the worst case, contract terminations resulting from relevant early field abandonment 
programs. As of December 31, 2021, we have not experienced any material business disruptions or a direct material 
financial impact as a result of the pandemic and we are actively pursuing additional steps to preserve liquidity and 
our financial flexibility. Our operational focus over the short-term is to focus on extending contracts and the 
redeployment of our assets that are scheduled to come off charter over the next few years.

--- Page 18 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
18

--- Page 19 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
19
6.4 Market 
Shuttle tankers primarily operate in the North Sea, off the East Coast of Canada and Brazil. As of December 31, 
2021, the Group owned 22 shuttle tankers, in which its ownership interests ranged from 50% to 100%, had one 
shuttles tanker under construction and chartered-in an additional shuttle tanker. Other shuttle tanker owners include 
Knutsen, AET, VikenMOL and Tsakos. The Group believes that it has competitive advantages in the shuttle tanker 
market as a result of the quality, type and dimensions of its vessels combined with its market share in the North 
Sea, Brazil and the East Coast of Canada. 
Historically, the utilization of shuttle tankers in the North Sea is higher in the winter months due to rougher weather 
conditions and oil production is at the highest as offshore installations perform turnarounds during the summer 
months. Turnarounds have oil production impact as the installations may be partly or fully closed down for 
maintenance for shorter periods of time. This provides opportunities for repairs and maintenance to our vessels to 
be performed at the same time 
1 Share of owned active vessels in the region in whole year 2021 
Source: Altera, Knutsen, AET, VikenMOL, Tsakos, Elka, Shanghai North Sea Shipping (SNS)

--- Page 20 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
20
2 Including 1 in-charted vessel 
Source:  Altera, Knutsen, AET, VikenMOL, Tsakos, Elka, Shanghai North Sea Shipping (SNS)

--- Page 21 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
21
1 Measured by number of shuttle tankers as of Q3 2021 excluding newbuilds. 
Source:  Altera, Knutsen, AET, VikenMOL, Tsakos, Elka, Shanghai North Sea Shipping (SNS)

--- Page 22 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
22
7 Organizational Structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer  
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. is an indirect subsidiary of Altera Infrastructure L.P., an international provider of marine 
transportation, production and storage services to the offshore oil industry. Altera Infrastructure owns and operates 
shuttle tankers, conventional tankers, FPSOs and FSOs. In addition, it entered the anchor handling tug supply 
(AHTS) sector through the acquisition of ALP Maritime in 2014 and the UMS business through the acquisition of 
Logitel Offshore also in 2014. Altera Infrastructure (at that time Teekay Offshore Partners) was formed following 
Teekay Corporation’s acquisition of Ugland Nordic Shipping in 2001 and Statoil’s shipping subsidiary, Navion, in 
2003.  
Altera Infrastructure's common units were previously listed on the NYSE, but delisted in 2020 when current owner 
Brookfield completed its purchase of Teekay Corporation's and shareholders remaining interest in the common 
units and the general partnership interest of the partnership, effectively assuming 100% voting rights. The non-
voting preferred units of Altera Infrastructure remain outstanding and continue to be listed on the NYSE.
Brookfield Asset Management 
Headquartered in Toronto, Canada, Brookfield is a global alternative asset manager with more than USD625bn of 
assets under management. It was founded in 1899 with focus on developing electricity and transport infrastructure 
in Brazil, but has since expanded into other investments and regions. The majority of its portfolio is invested in 
property, but it also has significant exposure to renewables, infrastructure and private equity investments. It has an 
investment grade credit rating of A-/Baa1 from S&P and Moody’s, respectively, and we understand it has historically 
employed capital into investment grade-type balance sheets or has a goal to develop their investments into 
investment grade quality investments over time.

--- Page 23 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
23
Over the past few years Brookfield has transformed Altera Infrastructure’s capital structure into a more sustainable 
configuration through numerous capital injections and strategic support, with ~USD1.6bn capital invested or 
committed since acquiring control in 2017. 
The following provides information about the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries as at December 31, 
2021

--- Page 24 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
24
The following table presents details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company: 
For the 50% owned entities above the Company has determined that the entities are non-wholly owned subsidiaries 
of the Company based on its assessment of control. For non-wholly owned subsidiaries, the Company is exposed 
to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has substantive decision making authority to affect 
the returns of its investment, as well as the power to direct the activities of the entities that can significantly impact 
the economic performance of the entity. 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Issuer is a holding company without any operational revenue. The main activity of the Company is a holding 
company of ship-owning subsidiaries. As such the Issuer will depend on its subsidiaries being able to make 
distributions to the Issuer, in order for the Issuer to be able to service pay service payments in the respect of the 
Bonds.

--- Page 25 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
25
8 Trend information  
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.  
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
Even though renewables are high on everyone’s agenda, we still see significant production growth in production to 
be transported by shuttle tankers. Production is expected to grow significantly in both Brazil and in the North Sea 
with a lot of fields already sanctioned. Two years ago, we introduced our new E-shuttles and we see an increasing 
interest in the next generation shuttle tankers which can reduce emissions through innovations as LNG-fuel, VOC-
recovery plants, batteries and other design features. We believe that this will continue and increased pressure to 
reduce emissions could lead to a more rapid change into more environmentally friendly vessels to replacing older 
inefficient vessels.

--- Page 26 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
26
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of the Company:
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Giles Mark Mitchell 
President and Director 
See clause 5.1.1 
William James Duthie 
Secretary and Director 
See clause 5.1.1 
William James Delday 
Director  
See clause 5.1.1 
Giles Mark Mitchell was appointed in 2020 as President and Director of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. and Altera 
Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C., and he also holds board and officer positions on numerous other Altera subsidiaries. 
He previously served as a Director within the corporate functions of the Altera Infrastructure Group of Companies 
as well as Teekay Shipping Canada Ltd, a subsidiary of Teekay Corporation. Prior to joining Teekay, Mr Mitchell 
served as a Vice President at Intrawest ULC and also served in various positions with accounting firm KPMG. Mr 
Mitchell is a Chartered Tax Advisor in the UK and is also qualified to practice before the United States Internal 
Revenue Service. He holds an MBA from the University of British Columbia, an MSc from Golden Gate University, 
California and an MA from Oxford University.
William James Duthie was appointed in 2020 as Secretary and Director of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. and Altera 
Infrastructure Holdings LLC, and he also holds board positions on numerous other Altera subsidiaries. In addition, 
Mr Duthie currently acts as counsel for Altera’s FPSO business, advising on all legal matters relevant to Altera’s 
global FPSO fleet. Prior to joining Altera, Mr Duthie spent eight years as a private practice lawyer specialising in 
the energy and maritime sector with an international practice at two leading City firms – being located in the UK and 
Singapore. He is a practicing solicitor, holding a LLB (Honours) and a Diploma in Legal Practice from the University 
of Aberdeen and acts as a Notary Public, registered with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office of 
the UK. 
William James Delday was appointed in 2020 as Director of Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. and Altera Infrastructure 
Holdings LLC, and he also holds board positions on numerous other Altera subsidiaries. Mr Delday joined Teekay 
in 2012 as Finance Controller for the Offshore division before being appointed Finance and Commercial Director. 
Prior to joining Altera, Mr Delday held various finance roles primarily within the oil & gas industry for industry leading 
international businesses. He holds a BA (Hons) from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen.
The General Partner manages Altera Infrastructure, which indirectly owns the group. Accordingly, the General 
Partner controls appointments to the boards of the group. The General Partner does not have any officers other 
than its Secretary and Vice President. The Board of Directors for the General Partner is the ultimate supervising 
board. Pursuant to services agreements, employees of certain subsidiaries of Altera Infrastructure provide various 
services to the Group, including substantially all of their managerial, operational and administrative services and 
other technical and advisory services.

--- Page 27 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
27
Directors of Altera Infrastructure GP L.L.C. 
The following summaries present certain information regarding the directors of the Altera Infrastructure GP L.L.C., 
whose business address is Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park, Prospect Road, Arnhall Business Park, Westhill, 
Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ. 
Name  
Position  
Bill Utt 
Chairman of the board of directors and Director 
Benedicte Bakke Agerup 
Director 
Ian Craig 
Director 
Craig Laurie 
Director 
Ralf Rank 
Director 
Michael Rudnick 
Director 
Nelson Silva 
Director 
Ingvild Sæther 
Director and President & CEO of Altera Infrastructure Group Ltd. 
William L. Transier 
Director 
Dennis Turcotte 
Director 
Carol Flaton 
Director 
Bill Utt was appointed as chairman and director of the General Partner in June 2017. Mr. Utt brings over 33 years 
of engineering and energy industry experience to the board of directors. From 2006 until his retirement in 2014, he 
served as chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of KBR Inc., a global engineering, construction and 
services company. From 1995 to 2006, Mr. Utt served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of SUEZ Energy 
North America and President and Chief Executive Officer of Tractebel’s North American energy businesses. Prior 
to 1995 he held senior management positions with CRSS, Inc., which was a developer and operator of independent 
power and industrial energy facilities prior to its merger with Tractebel in 1995. Mr. Utt also currently serves as a 
member of the board of directors for BrandSafway Industrial Services, a Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC and 
Brookfield Asset Management portfolio company. Mr. Utt served as a director and chairman of Teekay  
Corporation (NYSE: TK) from 2015 to 2017 and as director of Teekay GP L.L.C., the general partner of Teekay 
LNG Partners L.P (NYSE: TGP) from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Utt also served on the board of directors for Cobalt 
International Energy (NYSE: CIE) from 2012 to 2018 and as the chairman from 2016 to 2018. 
Benedicte Bakke Agerup was appointed as a director of the General Partner in December 2020. Ms. Agerup 
brings more than 30 years of experience from the finance and maritime industry to the board of directors. From 
2010 to 2017 Ms. Agerup served as Chief Financial Officer of Wilhelmsen ASA, a global provider of maritime and 
logistics services. Ms. Agerup has previously served as deputy chair of the Norwegian Hull Club as well as on the 
board of a number of other listed and unlisted companies within the finance and maritime sector and has been a 
member of a variety of audit and risk committees. Ms. Agerup currently sits on the board of directors of Treasure 
ASA. Ms. Agerup holds a degree in Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of 
Economics and studied an advanced management program at Harvard Business School. 
Ian Craig was appointed as a director of the General Partner in June 2017. Mr. Craig has served in various 
executive positions in Shell, most recently in Nigeria where he was an Executive Vice President for Sub Saharan 
Africa and in Russia where he was Chief Executive Officer of Sakhalin Energy, an incorporated joint venture of 
Gazprom, Shell, Mitsui and Mitsubishi. Prior to that, Mr. Craig was a board member and Technical Director of 
Enterprise Oil plc until its acquisition by Shell in 2002. Mr. Craig had earlier held executive management positions 
with other oil exploration and production companies including Sun Oil and BP. Since retiring in 2013, Mr. Craig has 
also previously served as a non-executive director of Petroceltic plc, as a Special Advisor to OMV’s supervisory 
board, and he currently serves as an advisor to KAZ Minerals plc.  
Craig Laurie was appointed as a director of the General Partner in September 2018. Mr. Laurie is a Managing 
Partner in Brookfield’s Private Equity Group overseeing Capital Markets, Finance and Planning. Mr. Laurie joined 
Brookfield in 1997 and has held a number of senior finance positions across the organization, including Chief 
Financial Officer of Brookfield Business Partners. Prior to joining Brookfield, Mr. Laurie worked in restructuring and 
advisory services at Deloitte. Mr. Laurie is a Chartered Professional Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Commerce 
from Queen’s University.  
Ralf Rank was appointed as a director of the General Partner in December 2021. Mr Rank is a Managing Partner 
in Brookfield’s Private Equity Group. Mr. Rank joined Brookfield in 2007 and currently serves as Head of Strategy 
for the private equity group. Mr. Rank has held a number of senior roles in Brookfield’s renewable power,

--- Page 28 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
28
infrastructure and private equity businesses, including Chief Investment Officer, Power & Utilities; CEO Brookfield 
Renewable Europe and Managing Partner, European private equity. Prior to joining Brookfield, Mr. Rank was 
Associate Director, Investment Banking at Scotia Capital Inc. with an industry specialization in infrastructure, power 
and utilities. Mr. Rank holds a Bachelor of Applied Science (Mechanical Engineering) and a Minor in Economics 
from the University of Waterloo and has received the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
Michael Rudnick was appointed as a director of the General Partner in December 2021. Mr Rudnick is a Senior 
Vice President in Brookfield's Private Equity Group. Mr. Rudnick is responsible for global transaction structuring 
and execution for Brookfield's Special Investment Fund. Prior to joining Brookfield, Mr. Rudnick was a Vice 
President at H/2 Capital Partners and an associate at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP. Mr. Rudnick 
holds a Juris Doctor degree from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law and Bachelor of Arts degree from Emory 
University. 
Nelson Silva was appointed as a director of the General Partner in March 2020. Mr Silva has had a 43-year career 
in leadership roles in energy and natural resources companies, including Petrobras, BG Group, BHP Billiton and 
Vale. From June 2016 to December 2018, Mr. Silva served as Chief Strategy and Performance Officer and member 
of the Executive Team of Petrobras. Prior to Petrobras, Mr. Silva served as the Chief Executive Officer of BG Group 
in South America for seven years. Mr. Silva was also previously President of the Aluminum business unit and 
Marketing Director of Carbon Steel Materials of BHP Billiton and Marketing Director of Vale.  
Ingvild Sæther was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Altera Infrastructure Group Ltd., a company 
that provides services to us, in February 2017. In December 2020, she joined the board of directors of the General 
Partner. Ms. Sæther joined Teekay Corporation in 2002, as a result of Teekay’s acquisition of Navion AS from 
Statoil ASA. Ms. Sæther held management positions in Teekay’s conventional tanker business until 2007, when 
she assumed the commercial responsibility for Teekay’s shuttle tanker activities in the North Sea, and in 2011, Ms. 
Sæther assumed the position of President, Teekay Offshore Logistics. Ms. Sæther has over 25 years of experience 
in the shipping and offshore sector and has been engaged in a number of boards and associations related to the 
industry. 
William L. Transier was appointed as a director of the General Partner in March 2019. Mr. Transier is the co-
founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transier Advisors, LLC, an independent advisory firm. Mr. Transier also 
serves as the chairman of the board of directors of Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc since July 2017, and Battalion 
Oil Corporation since October 2019. In April 2020, Mr. Transier was elected to the board of directors of Exela 
Technologies, Inc. where he serves as chairman of the audit committee and member of the special transactions 
committee. Mr. Transier has also served on the boards of directors of Sears Holding Corporation from October 2018 
to October 2019, Gastar Exploration Inc. from August 2018 to February 2019, CHC Group Ltd. from 2016 to July 
2017, Paragon Offshore Plc. from 2014 to July 2017 and Cal Dive International, Inc. Mr. Transier was the co-founder 
of Endeavour International Corporation, an international oil and gas exploration and production company. He served 
as non-executive Chairman of Endeavour’s board of directors from 2014 until 2015, as Chairman, Chief Executive 
Officer and President of Endeavor from 2006 to 2014 and as co-Chief Executive Officer from formation in 2004 
through 2006. Mr. Transier also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Energy, 
Inc. and it’s predecessor company, Seagull Energy Corporation, from 1996 to 2003. Before his tenure with Ocean 
Energy, Mr. Transier served in various roles, including partner, in the audit department and head of the Global 
Energy practice of KPMG LLP. Mr. Transier has a BBA degree from the University of Texas, MBA from Regis 
University, and MA in Theological Studies from Dallas Baptist University and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
Denis Turcotte was appointed as a director of the General Partner in September 2018. Mr. Turcotte is a Managing 
Partner in Brookfield’s Private Equity Group, responsible for business operations. Mr. Turcotte joined Brookfield’s 
Private Equity Group in 2017, prior to which he served as a member of the Brookfield Private Equity Advisory Board 
for ten years and as a member of the Brookfield Business Partners’ Board of Directors from 2016 until 2017. Prior 
to joining Brookfield, Mr. Turcotte held several roles, including Principal with North Channel Management and 
Capital Partners, Chief Executive Officer of Algoma Steel, President of the Paper Group and Executive Vice 
President Corporate Development and Planning with Tembec. Mr. Turcotte holds a Bachelor of Engineering from 
Lakehead University and an MBA from the University of Western Ontario. 
Carol Flaton was appointed as a director of the General Partner in March 2022 and has over 30 years of experience 
in banking and finance with a focus on transformation and restructuring. Since 2019 she has provided financial 
advisory services and served as an independent director for both public and private companies.  From 2014 to 
2019, Carol was a Managing Director at AlixPartners specialising in turnarounds and restructurings. Prior to 
AlixPartners, Carol was a Managing Director in the restructuring practice of Lazard Freres. At Lazard from 2008 to 
2013 she advised debtors, creditors and equity holders engaged in restructurings, debt exchanges, section 363 
sales, acquisitions, refinancings and capital raises. Before Lazard, Carol was a Managing Director at both Credit 
Suisse First Boston and Citi (from 1995-to 2008) responsible for distressed positions in the banks’ portfolios as well

--- Page 29 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
29
as being a senior member of the risk management teams.  Carol has an M.B.A. from IMD (International Institute of 
Management Development, Lausanne, Switzerland) and a B.S. from the University of Delaware. 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of the persons referred to in item 
9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 30 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
30
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
As at the date of this prospectus, Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. has outstanding 100 Class A common units and 
11,000 Class B Common Units. Our common units represent membership interests in the Company. The holders 
of our common units are entitled to participate in company distributions, to receive liquidating distributions on any 
dissolution of the company, to elect the board of directors of the Company and otherwise act in a manner similar to 
shareholders. The Company is wholly owned by Altera Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C., which in turn wholly owned 
by Altera Infrastructure L.P. 
There are no measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Altera Infrastructure L.P. is an international midstream services provider of marine transportation to the offshore oil 
industry, focused on the ownership and operation of shuttle tankers in the North Sea, Brazil and the East Coast of 
Canada and expanding its operations in the shuttle tanker business. 
The registered head office of the Company is Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park, Prospect Road, Arnhall Business 
Park, Westhill, Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ. 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 31 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
31
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company 
The consolidated financial statements of the Company 2020 have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or IFRS) and using the 
accounting policies described below. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the 
assumption that the Company operates on a going concern basis and have been presented in U.S. dollars rounded 
to the nearest thousand unless otherwise indicated. 
For all periods up to and including the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company prepared its financial 
statements in accordance with accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (or 
previous GAAP). These financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, are the first the Company has 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. Refer to Note 3 in the Annual Report 2020 for information on how Company 
adopted IFRS. 
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set forth in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2020, pages 27-38. 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical financial 
information and financial statements are incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2020, Annual Report 2019,  
Interim Report Q1 2021, Interim Report Q2 2021, Interim Report Q3 2021 and Interim Report Q4 2021. See Cross 
Reference List for complete web address. 
rly Report
Interim Report
Interim Report
Interim Report
Interim Report
Q4 2021 YTD
Q3 2021 YTD
Q2 2021 YTD
Q1 2021
Page(s)
Page(s)
Page(s)
Page(s)
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position  
13 
13 
13 
11 
Consolidated Statement of Income 
(Loss) and Consolidated Statement 
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
14-15 
14-15 
14-15 
12-13 
Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows 
17 
17 
17 
15 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements
18-28
18-28
18-27
16-24
The Interim Reports have not been audited or reviewed.

--- Page 32 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
32
Annual Report
2020
2019
Page(s)
Page(s)
Audited
Audited
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
22 
28 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income (Loss) 
23-24 
26-27 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
26 
29 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
27-64
31-49
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Non-Consolidated Financial Statements 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position 
70 
55 
Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) 
and Non-Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
71-72 
53-54 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
74 
56 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
75-89
58-68
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The Company’s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019, was audited by Ernst & Young 
LLP and 2020, was audited by Ernst & Young AS. Please see Section 4.  
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report 2020, pages 18-21 (consolidated 
financial statements) and pages 66-69 (The financial statements for the parent company and the Group) and Annual 
Report 2019 , pages 24-25 (consolidated financial statements) and pages 51-52 (non-consolidated financial 
statements). 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Altera Infrastructure Norway AS is subject to an ongoing investigation relating to suspected violations of 
Norwegian pollution and export laws. The investigations are currently ongoing and relate shuttle tanker exports 
from the Norwegian Continental Shelf in 2018. Whilst the Norwegian authorities continue their review of seized 
materials, the involved company has together with their advisors, continued to review materials connected with 
such export and, having not identified that any such process breached any export laws, continues to deny the 
allegations brought. 
11.4 Significant change in the Group’s financial position  
There has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 33 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
33
12 Documents available  
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) can be inspected at the offices or 
on the Issuer’s website as specified in section 5.1.1 of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the up to date limited liability company agreement of the issuer; and 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the issuer’s 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
34
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for Bonds 
to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any EEA country.  
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount. 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
35
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Tems for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point 
in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond 
Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are attached to the Final Terms. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of any Bond 
Terms to be listed under this Base Prospectus, in each case as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time.  
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, 
subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
36
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms.
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Business Day: 
A day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond 
currency settlement system is open. 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). However, no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
Period is adjusted accordingly. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means an event where any person or group of persons acting in concert, other than the 
Permitted Holders, gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Day Count Convention:
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in which 
case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days 
basis).

--- Page 37 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
37
Decisive Influence: 
A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in 
another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that 
another person. 
Denomination – Each 
Bond / Nominal 
Amount: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue. 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against payment 
or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own VPS-account.
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets 
in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final 
Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)

--- Page 38 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
38
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
Issuer: 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
Joint Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s joint bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
Joint Lead Manager: 
The bond issue’s joint lead manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
Listing Failure Event: 
Means: 
(a) that the Bonds (save for any Temporary Bonds) have not been admitted to listing on 
an Exchange within six (6) months following the Issue Date,  
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of 6 months has elapsed 
since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange, or  
(c) that the Temporary Bonds have not been admitted to listing on the Exchange where 
the other Bonds are listed within 3 months following the issue date for such Temporary 
Bonds. 
The Issuer shall promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing if a Listing Failure Event has 
occurred. However, no Event of Default shall occur if the Issuer fails (i) to list the Bonds in 
accordance with Clause 4 (Admission to Listing) or (ii) to inform of such Listing Failure Event, 
only default interest in accordance with paragraph (c) of Clause 8.2 in the Bond Terms will accrue 
as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing. 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
This will be specified in the Final Terms.
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.

--- Page 39 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
39
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to be in charge of keeping the records for the bond issue in 
the Securities Depository. 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an Exchange. 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder 
will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and put price will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Put Option Event:
Means a Change of Control Event. 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date (if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option or Early 
redemption option due to a tax event) at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
Relevant Screen Page:
For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”Euronext VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 
0051 Oslo. 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds

--- Page 40 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
40
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional 
Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the supplement, will 
be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- 
og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in January 2020: 
https://finansanalytiker.no/innlegg/januar-2020-oppdatert-konvensjon-for-det-norske-sertifikat-
og-obligasjonsmarkedet/
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Tems for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this Base 
Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and conditions in 
this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the general terms and 
conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are attached to the Final 
Terms. 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for refinancing of existing bonds and for general 
corporate purposes. 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication
This Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be available for 
inspection at the offices of Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park, Prospect Road, Arnhall Business Park, Westhill, 
Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ or on the Issuer’s website at www.alterainfra.com
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal.

--- Page 41 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
41
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of formation and tax residence may 
each have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 104,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations 
which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital. 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Company is a limited 
liability company organised under the laws the Republic of the Marshall Islands. The Company operates under the 
provisions of the Marshall Islands Limited Liability Company Act. 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place.

--- Page 42 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
42
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with the definition of Redemption. 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with the definition of Redemption.

--- Page 43 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
43
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2.

--- Page 44 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
44
14 Third party information   
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
Kind of 
information
Publicly 
available
Name of third 
party 
Business address 
Qualifications 
Material interest 
in the Company 
Fleet size 
Yes 
Knutsen  
Smeasunder 40, N-5504 
Haugesund, Norway 
N/A 
None 
Fleet size 
Yes 
AET  
11 North Buona Vista Drive, 
#15-07 The Metropolis, 
Tower 2, Singapore 138589, 
Republic of Singapore 
N/A 
None 
Fleet size 
Yes 
VikenMol  
Ervikveien 24, 5106 Øvre 
Ervik, Norway 
N/A 
None 
Fleet size 
Yes 
Tsakos  
Megaron Makedonia, 367 
Syngrou Avenue, 17564, 
Athens, Greece 
N/A 
None 
Fleet size 
Yes 
European 
Navigation 
(ELKA) 
2, Artemissiou Str. &Fleming 
Sqr. Glyfada 166 75, Athens, 
Greece 
N/A 
None 
Fleet size 
Yes 
SNS  
32, Lane 97, Songin Lu, 
Pudong, Xinqu, 200120, 
Shanghai, Peoples Republic 
of China 
N/A 
None 
https://knutsenoas.com/fleet/
https://www.aet-tankers.com/business-solutions/#our-fleet
http://vikenshipping.no/fleet.asp
https://www.tsakoshellas.gr/userfiles/00a2010f-3ac9-4b26-b8c9-
a0ed0120c09c/FLEET%20LIST%20JUNE%202021.pdf
https://www.epctank.com/fleet/european-product-carriers-ltd/
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/tankers/shanghai-north-sea-firms-up-shuttle-tanker-option-at-dsic/2-1-1043784

--- Page 45 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
45
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Registration 
Document
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Historical 
Financial 
Information for 
the Company 
Interim Report Q4 2021, available at 
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Altera-Shuttle-
Tankers-LLC-Q4-21-Quarterly-FS.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 14-15 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 17 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 18-28 
Interim Report Q3 2021, available at 
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/Shuttleco-Q3-
21-Quarterly-FS.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 14-15 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 17 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 18-28 
Interim Report Q2 2021, available at 
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/08/Shuttleco-Q2-
21-Quarterly-FS-Document.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 14-15 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 17 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 18-27 
Interim Report Q1 2021, available at 
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/06/Shuttleco-Q1-
21-Quarterly-FS-Document.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
11 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 12-13 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 15 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 16-24 
Annual Report 2020, available at  
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/Shuttleco-Q4-
20-Annual-FS-Document.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
22 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 23-24 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 26 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 27-64 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, 
page 70 
Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and 
of Comprehensive Income, pages 71-72 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 
74 
Notes to the Non-Consolidated Statements, pages 
75-89 
Annual Report 2019, available at  
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/04/Altera-Shuttle-
Tankers-2019-Annual-Report.pdf
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, page 
28 
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and of 
Comprehensive Income, pages 26-27 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 29 
Notes to the Consolidated Statements, pages 31-49 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, 
page 55 
Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) and 
of Comprehensive Income, pages 53-54 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 
56 
Notes to the Non-Consolidated Statements, pages 
58-68

--- Page 46 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
46
Reference in 
Registration 
Document
Refers to 
Details 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at  
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/Shuttleco-Q4-
20-Annual-FS-Document.pdf
Auditors’ report consolidated financial Statements, 
pages 18-21 
Auditors’ report non-consolidated financial 
Statements, pages 66-69 
Annual Report 2019, available at  
https://cms.alterainfra.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/04/Altera-Shuttle-
Tankers-2019-Annual-Report.pdf
Auditors’ report consolidated financial Statements, 
pages 24-25 
Auditors’ report non-consolidated financial 
Statements, pages 51-52 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
47
Joint Bookrunners' and Joint Lead Manager’s disclaimer 
DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge as Joint Bookrunners, and Danske 
Bank, Norwegian Branch and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as Joint Lead Managers, have assisted 
the Company in preparing this Base Prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers have not 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial 
liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead 
Managers, available at their respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of 
information between different parts of the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees 
of the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base Prospectus from utilizing or 
being aware of information available to the Joint Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their 
affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners and the Joint Lead Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation 
of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
Oslo, 5 April 2022 
DNB Bank ASA    
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, 
www.dnb.no
www.nordea.no
Danske Bank, Norwegian Branch    
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
www.danskebank.no
www.seb.no

--- Page 48 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
48
Annex 1 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability 
Company Agreement

--- Page 80 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., 5 April 2022 
Base Prospectus 
49
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 81 ---
[Annex 2]
Final Terms 
for
[Title of the bond issue] 
[ISIN]
Aberdeen (United Kingdom), [Date]

--- Page 82 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:]
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 83 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 5 April 2022 and [the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
The Base Prospectus dated 5 April 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website www.alterainfra.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park, Prospect 
Road, Arnhall Business Park, Westhill, Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ, or their successor (s).

--- Page 84 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C.  
Altera House Unit 3, Prospect Park 
Propect Road 
Arnhall Business Park 
Westhill, Aberdeenshire 
United Kingdom, AB32 6FJ 
Telephone: +44 122 45 68 200 
Registration number 963935 in the Marshall Islands Maritime and 
Corporate Administrators. 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 549300HNHHJ4SLVPDR57. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 5 April 2022. 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
Who is the issuer of the securities
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a corporation organised under the laws of The 
Republic of The Marshall Islands. The Company is a Marshall 
Islands limited liability company. 
Principal activities 
Altera Shuttle Tankers and its subsidiaries (together with the 
Company, the Group) is an owner and operator of shuttle tankers 
and was formed in 2017 by Altera Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C., 
formerly Teekay Offshore Holdings L.L.C, a 100% owned 
subsidiary of Altera Infrastructure. As at December 31, 2020, 
Brookfield Business Partners L.P., together with its institutional 
investors (NYSE: BBU) (TSX: BBU.UN) (collectively Brookfield), 
owned a 100% interest in Altera Infrastructure's general partner 
and 98.7% of Altera Infrastructure's outstanding common units. 
Altera Infrastructure is an international midstream services 
provider to the offshore oil industry, focused on the ownership and 
operation of critical infrastructure assets in offshore oil regions of 
the North Sea, Brazil and the East Coast of Canada.

--- Page 85 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
5  
Major shareholders 
As at the date of this prospectus, Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. has outstanding 100 Class A common units and 
11,000 Class B Common Units. Our common units represent membership interests in the Company. The holders 
of our common units are entitled to participate in company distributions, to receive liquidating distributions on any 
dissolution of the company, to elect the board of directors of the Company and otherwise act in a manner similar to 
shareholders. The Company is wholly owned by Altera Infrastructure Holdings L.L.C., which in turn wholly owned 
by Altera Infrastructure L.P. 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
Management 
Name  
Position  
Giles Mark Mitchell
President and Director 
William James Duthie
Secretary and Director 
William James Delday
Director  
Statutory auditors 
Ernst Young LLP and Ernst Young AS 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
Key financial information 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. consolidated financial statements: 
Amounts in thousands of USD 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Q4 2021 YTD 
Q3 2021 YTD 
Q2 2021YTD 
Q1 2021 
Adjusted EBITDA* 
237,724 
178,691 
124,856 
67,194 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
1,353,515 
1,377,932 
1,391,335 
1,453,161 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
160,077 
131,533 
114,089 
49,974 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
(115,698) 
(84,739) 
(61,390) 
(15,323) 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(89,569) 
(86,203) 
(68,883) 
(79,796) 
The Interim Reports have not been audited or reviewed. 
Amounts in thousands of USD 
Annual Report 
2020 
Audited
2019 
Audited
Adjusted EBITDA 
274,191 
282,939 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term debt minus cash) 
1,436,053 
1,256,156 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
204,655 
99,664 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
259,452 
202,415 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(433,297) 
(171,886 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
* To supplement the consolidated financial statements, we use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-IFRS financial 
measures, as measures of our performance. EBITDA represents net income (loss) before interest expense, interest income, 
income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA adjusted to exclude certain items whose 
timing or amount cannot be reasonably estimated in advance or that are not considered representative of core operating 
performance. Such adjustments include impairment expenses, gain (loss) on dispositions, net, unrealized gain (loss) on derivative 
instruments, foreign currency exchange gain (loss) and certain other income or expenses. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes: 
realized gain or loss on interest rate swaps (as we, in assessing our performance, view these gains or losses as an element of 
interest expense); realized gain or loss on derivative instruments resulting from amendments or terminations of the underlying 
instruments; realized gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts; and equity-accounted income (loss). Adjusted EBITDA 
also includes our proportionate share of Adjusted EBITDA from our equity-accounted investments and excludes the non-controlling 
interests' proportionate share of Adjusted EBITDA. We do not have control over the operations of, nor do we have any legal claim 
to the revenues and expenses of our equity-accounted investments. Consequently, the cash flow generated by our equity-
accounted investments may not be available for use by us in the period that such cash flows are generated.

--- Page 86 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
6  
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer  
- 
The Group operates in a market which is governed by 
regulatory regimes which may be subject to change 
- 
The Group depends on Altera Infrastructure L.P (“Altera" 
or the "Partnership") and its subsidiaries to assist the 
Group in operating its businesses and competing in its 
markets 
- 
COVID-19 and other pandemics may adversely impact the 
operations and profitability of the Group 
- 
The Group is subject to financial restrictions and 
covenants 
- 
Fluctuations in interest rates may materially affect the 
Group’s operating results 
- 
The Group may not be able to generate sufficient cash to 
service all of its indebtedness and may be forced to take 
other actions to satisfy the obligations under its 
indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
- 
Market conditions may limit the Group's access to capital. 
- 
The Group may be unable to realize expected benefits 
from any acquisitions of vessels. 
- 
The Group may be subject to legal, governmental, 
regulatory or arbitration proceedings that could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial position, 
results of operations and cash flows.
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
What are the main features of the securities
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code.
[●]
Currency for the bond issue
[●]
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities.
[●]
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities
Most material key risks 
- 
Significant cash requirement to meet debt obligations and 
sustain operations. 
- 
Call Options and mandatory prepayment risks. 
- 
There is no existing trading market for the Bonds, and a 
trading market that provides adequate liquidity may not 
develop. 
- 
The Bonds may be subject to purchase and transfer 
restrictions.

--- Page 87 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
7  
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to trading 
is as follow: [●]  
[/ Other: (specify)] 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Why is the prospectus being produced
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
Generally:
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C., a Marshall Islands limited liability 
company, with company registration no. 963935 and with LEI code 
549300HNHHJ4SLVPDR57. 
Group: 
The Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
Security Type: 
Unsecured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Issue price] % 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Issue date] 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Maturity Date] 
Interest Rate:
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Maturity Date] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / USD LIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
[description of Reference Rate] 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
Specified time: [specified time] 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 89 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
9  
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin]  
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] % p.a. 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate)
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
The Yield is [yield]  
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Amortisation and Redemption:
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] % 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 90 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
10  
[terms of the call option] 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
[terms of the put option] 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
Obligations:
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.7. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Listing:
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
[Other: (specify)] 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the Base 
Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
Listing fees: [specify] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 91 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
11  
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
/ Other: (specify)] 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Availability of the Documentation: 
www.alterainfra.com
Joint Bookrunners: 
[name of joint bookrunners] as [type of bookrunner]
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of joint lead managers] as [type of manager] 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
The Paying Agent is [name and address of the Paying Agent] 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Other: (specify)]  
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 104,000. 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 92 ---
Altera Shuttle Tankers L.L.C. 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of joint bookrunners and joint lead managers] as [type of bookrunner and 
manager] for the issuance of the Loan. The [type of bookrunner and manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to 
the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
The [type of bookrunner and joint lead manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issue or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are material 
to the Bond Issue. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
/ Other: (specify)]  
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as possible 
after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
Statement from the [type of bookrunner and manager]: 
[name of joint bookrunners and joint lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The 
[type of bookrunners and managers] have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made, and the [type of bookrunner and manager] 
expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their 
distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each 
person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the [type of bookrunner and 
manager] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
[place], [date] 
[name of joint bookrunners and joint lead managers] 
[web address of joint bookrunners and joint lead managers]