--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
AMADEUS IT GROUP, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 ______________________________________  
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Amadeus IT Group, S.A. (Amadeus IT Group or the Issuer) may from time to time 
issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below).   
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the issue of any Notes or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme for the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the Official List) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II). The Programme 
also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S)) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer; see “Subscription and Sale”.  
The Issuer has been rated Baa2 and BBB respectively, by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s) and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s).  Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where Tranches of Notes are rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating 
agencies registered under the CRA Regulation can be found at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus is available for inspection at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as 
well as at the Issuer’s website (www.corporate.amadeus.com).  
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 24 May 
2023 (i.e., until 24 May 2024). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
below. 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank 
CIC Market Solutions 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
DZ BANK AG 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit  
24 May 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any relevant Final 
Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus (in respect of any Notes, this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms) makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the Conditions) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the Final Terms) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the Drawdown Prospectus) 
as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading 
in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or 
made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing.  
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates has authorised the whole or any part of 
this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.   
In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom (the UK), Spain, Republic of Italy, France, Japan and 
Singapore (see “Subscription and Sale”).  The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state in 
the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see “Subscription and Sale”).  
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to a potential investor’s 
overall portfolio.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors may be subject to law or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should determine for itself, on the basis of professional advice where 
appropriate, whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are lawful investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the 
Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Change of law 
The Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, are 
governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA)  
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes shall be “prescribed capital markets” products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
CMP Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Product and the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”)  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a 
member state of the European Economic Area, references to EUR, € or euro are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
References to the Group, Amadeus, we, us or our are to the Issuer together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries.  A glossary regarding the activities of the Group is set out on pages 41 to 43 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Economic Area (EEA) and registered under the CRA Regulation, 
or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.  In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which 
is certified under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) or (4) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency established in a third country but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation the UK CRA Regulation or (5) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency established in a third country but certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operating information, may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about the Group’s future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the markets 
in which the Group operates or intends to operate.  Forward-looking statements involve all matters that are 
not historical fact.  These and other forward-looking statements can be identified by the words “may”, 
“will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, 
“believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar 
expressions or their negatives.  These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Group’s present and future business and the environment in which the Group expects to 
operate in the future.  Forward-looking statements may be found in sections of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Risk Factors”, “Description of the Group”, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
and other factors that could cause the Group’s actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the markets 
the Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Additional factors that could cause the Group’s actual results, financial condition, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, opportunities or achievements or industry results to differ include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur.  Additional risks that the Group may currently deem immaterial or that are not 
presently known to the Group could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus 
not to occur.  Except as otherwise required by Spanish, Luxembourg and other applicable securities laws and 
regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Group undertakes no obligation to update 
publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus.  Given the 
uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these statements. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended or superseded (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document required

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information 
document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to 
certain reference rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)) 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended (the EU BMR). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank (as 
administrator of the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR)) does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the administrator of €STR does not fall within the scope of the EU BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of the EU BMR. In addition, the registration status of any administrator under the EU BMR is a matter of 
public record and, save there required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not 
apply following the expiry of the 12 month-period of validity of this Base Prospectus referred to above.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Alternative performance measures  
The financial data incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (which reference includes any 
information incorporated by reference herein), in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures established by the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU (IFRS-EU), 
contains certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures, APMs) that include EBITDA, operating income, adjusted profit, net financial debt 
as defined by the Issuer’s credit facility agreements, adjusted profit and their corresponding ratios. These 
measures are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of Amadeus’ 
financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by Amadeus when managing its 
business. 
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU and have not been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. In addition, such APMs have not been audited or reviewed or subject 
to a pro forma review by Amadeus’ auditors, and are not recognised measures of financial performance or 
liquidity under IFRS-EU but are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the 
business, operations and financial condition of the Group. 
These APMs may not be indicative of the Group’s historical results, nor are such measures meant to be 
predictive of its future results. The Issuer has presented these APMs in this Base Prospectus because it 
considers them to be important supplemental measures of the Group’s performance or liquidity, because 
these and similar measures are seen to be used widely in the sector in which it operates as a means of 
evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity.  
However, not all companies calculate such APMs in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, 
these measures may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar 
names. and they should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures computed in accordance with 
IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the Consolidated Directors’ 
Reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such APMs contained in this Base Prospectus. 
An explanation of each APM’s components and calculation method can be found in the management review 
of the Issuer for the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 (the Q1 Management Review), the 
Consolidated Directors’ Report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 
Consolidated Directors’ Report), the Consolidated Directors’ Report of the Issuer in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Consolidated Directors’ Report) and the Consolidated Directors’ 
Report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Consolidated Directors’ 
Report), which are incorporated by reference herein. See section 3 (Presentation of financial information) of 
the Q1 Management Review, section 3 (Presentation of financial information) of the 2022 Consolidated 
Directors’ Report, section 3 (Presentation of financial information) of the 2021 Consolidated Directors’ 
Report and section 3 (Presentation of financial information) of the 2019 Consolidated Directors’ Report for 
more information.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  ......................................................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS  ............................................................................................................................................ 17 
GLOSSARY  ................................................................................................................................................... 41 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  .............................................................................. 44 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES  ............................................................................ 47 
FORMS OF THE NOTES  .............................................................................................................................. 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  ........................................................................................... 52 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 87 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................... 101 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  ............... 102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  ............................................................................................................. 104 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP  .............................................................................................................. 107 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 104 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  .................................................................................................................... 125 
GENERAL INFORMATION  ..................................................................................................................... 131

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview is a general description of the Programme which does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus including any documents 
incorporated by reference and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Amadeus IT Group, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
9598004A3FTY3TEHHN09 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.amadeus.com  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any 
website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time.  The Issuer may increase the size of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined in 
the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
“Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Europe 
AG, 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, HSBC Bank plc, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale, 
UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed from time to 
time either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement.  
Fiscal Agent:  
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Listing and Paying 
Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Programme also permits Notes 
to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer.  Unlisted Notes will not be issued under the Programme.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches.  
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form.  Each Tranche of Notes 
will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a Classic Global Note or CGN), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a New Global Note or NGN), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to 
any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms.  Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, an Independent Adviser 
may, subject to certain conditions, in accordance with Condition 8 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) and without any separate consent or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
approval of the Noteholders, determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis.  The Notes issued 
by the Issuer constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer and upon the declaration of 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer by a Spanish insolvency court, 
the credit rights of the Noteholders of such Notes against the Issuer 
(subject to any applicable legal and statutory exceptions or unless 
they qualify as subordinated credit rights under Article 281.1 of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provisions which may 
replace it in the future) rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among such obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes issued by the Issuer of the same issue and at least pari passu 
with all other unsubordinated, unprivileged and unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer, present or future; 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.  
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer. 
No money market instruments having a maturity of less than twelve 
months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount, which shall not be less than par, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms as further 
described 
in 
Condition 
10(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase⸻Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase⸻Residual maturity call option), 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption and Purchase⸻Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) and Condition 10(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase⸻Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event), 
respectively.  
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in “―Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer will only be permitted for tax 
reasons as described in Condition 10(a) (Redemption and 
Purchase⸻Scheduled redemption). 
Change of Control Put Event: 
The Notes may be redeemed either in whole or in part before their 
stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders to the extent (if at 
all) specified in the relevant Final Terms as the result of a Change of 
Control Put Event, as described in Condition 10(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase⸻Redemption at the option of Noteholders). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the date of 
issue) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II and in compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13(c) (Events of Default⸻Cross default of the Issuer or 
Subsidiaries). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that 
event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 12 (Taxation), pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the holders of Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law except for 
Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) which is governed by Spanish law. 
Rating of the Notes: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in the relevant Global 
Note will acquire rights directly against the Issuer, governed by a 
Deed of Covenant in respect of the Issuer dated 24 May 2023, copies 
of which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the UK, Spain, Japan, France, Republic 
of Italy, Switzerland and Singapore and to retail investors in the 
EEA, see “Subscription and Sale” below.  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as their own 
personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have particular 
regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Issuer 
or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its financial position and its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there may be other factors that a prospective investor 
should consider that are relevant to its own particular circumstances or generally. 
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuer believes are the most material as at the date of this Base Prospectus have 
been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors in each 
category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect 
on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the order of presentation of the 
categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or materiality. 
The following is not an explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in the 
Notes, but are the material risks that the Issuer believes to be the most relevant to an assessment by a 
prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties 
relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances and in light of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the Conditions) shall have the 
same meanings in this section. Please refer to the section entitled “Glossary” for the meaning of certain 
technical and industry terms. 
(I) RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
1. Risks Related to the Group’s Industry 
Substantially all of the Group’s revenue is derived from the worldwide travel and tourism industry and 
factors that negatively impact that industry, particularly the airline industry, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
Substantially all of the Group’s revenue is derived from the worldwide travel and tourism industry and 
because a significant portion of such revenue is derived from fees generated by airline bookings, the Group’s 
earnings are particularly sensitive to factors affecting the volume of air travel. The worldwide travel and 
tourism industry, particularly the airline industry, is highly sensitive to general economic conditions and 
trends.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
One of the most significant factors that has affected travel and the global economy in recent years is the 
COVID-19 pandemic, including measures aimed at mitigating the spread of the virus, such as restrictions on 
travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, curfews or other social distancing 
measures. In addition to the severe shock caused to the global economy in general, measures related to the 
COVID-19 pandemic had a particularly severe effect on the airline industry, due to their specific negative 
impact on passengers’ ability and willingness to travel by air and may have generally changed customer 
behaviour. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, governments around the world implemented measures such as 
travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, border closures and other measures that had a 
significant negative impact on the travel and tourism sector. In particular, these measures impacted flight 
scheduling, air bookings (further worsened by cancellations) and passengers boarding aircraft, adversely 
affecting travel providers, such as airlines and hotels, on whom the Group’s business depends, including to 
the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic and the related restrictive measures resulted in the bankruptcy of 
some of these travel providers.  
While the worldwide travel and tourism industry continued its recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic 
during 2022 and the Group improved its business performance in 2022 compared to 2021, the Group’s 
revenue, EBITDA and adjusted profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 were still significantly lower 
than during the year ended 31 December 2019 (the year prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic). In 
2022, the Group’s revenue amounted to €4,485.9 million (68.0 per cent. higher than 2021, but 19.5 per cent. 
lower than 2019), EBITDA amounted to €1,640.3 million (161.4 per cent. higher than 2021, but 26.9 per 
cent. lower than 2019) and adjusted profit (excluding the after-tax impact of (i) accounting effects derived 
from purchase price allocation exercises and impairment losses, (ii) non-operating exchange gains (losses), 
and (iii) other non-operating, non-recurring effects) was €742.2 million (compared to a loss of €44.7 million 
in 2021, but 41.6 per cent. lower than in 2019). 
The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global travel and tourism industry may persist for an 
unpredictable period of time. The Group’s business is dependent on the ability and willingness of consumers 
to travel, particularly by air. The Group’s prospects are therefore contingent on a timely recovery of global 
travel and tourism to, or near to, pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels such as those observed in 2019. There are 
various factors that could prevent such a recovery in a timely manner or at all, such as the emergence and 
outbreak of new variants or mutations of the virus, the re-imposition and/or strengthening of government 
restrictions on travel or mobility or economic recessions.  
The COVID-19 pandemic may also have long-term negative effects on air travel demand due to potential 
changes in travellers’ perception of the air travel experience (such as, among other things, health precautions 
or the requirement of vaccination certificates) or potential changes in the perception of businesses of the 
necessity of business travel, conditioned by the gradual and on-going shift from in-person communication to 
virtual meetings and conferences due to the increasing adoption of virtual and tele- and video-conferencing 
tools that replace business travel. On the supply side, the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) 
estimated in January 2023 that seats offered by airlines during 2022 were between 25 per cent. and 26 per 
cent. lower than during 2019, prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic (source: International Civil 
Aviation Organisation (ICAO), Effects of Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) on Civil Aviation: Economic 
Impact Analysis). Such lower levels of air travel offerings were attributable to staff shortages (including 
check-in staff, baggage handlers and ground operators at airports) and industrial action. For example, staff 
shortages led to flight cancellations and disruptions in 2022, with certain major airports (including London-
Gatwick and Amsterdam Schiphol) announcing a reduction in the volume of take-off and landing slots 
during the summer months of 2022. 
In addition to general economic conditions, the global travel and tourism industry is highly susceptible to 
other factors that are entirely outside the Group’s control, including: 
▪ 
global security issues, geopolitical tensions, political instability, acts or threats of terrorism, hostilities 
or war and other political issues;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
▪ 
increased security measures at ports of travel that reduce the convenience of certain modes of 
transport; 
▪ 
world energy prices, particularly fuel price escalations; 
▪ 
prolonged work stoppages or labour unrest, especially if affecting any of the major airlines, hotel 
chains or airports; 
▪ 
changes in attitudes towards the environmental impact of carbon emissions caused by air travel;  
▪ 
changes in the laws and regulations governing or otherwise affecting the travel and tourism industry, 
such as travel or mobility restrictions, regulatory actions, aircraft groundings, or changes to 
regulations governing airlines and the travel and tourism industry, such as governmental sanctions 
prohibiting or otherwise adversely affecting doing business with certain jurisdictions; 
▪ 
epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
▪ 
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and tsunamis;  
▪ 
aircraft, train and other travel-related accidents, and 
▪ 
trends in consumer and business confidence, the availability and cost of consumer finance, interest and 
exchange rates, 
as well as other factors that increase the cost of travel, hotel accommodation and travel-related services or 
that otherwise adversely affect airline passenger numbers, hotel occupancy rates or domestic, regional and 
international travel patterns or volumes. The overall impact on the travel and tourism industry of the above 
and similar factors can also be influenced by travellers’ perception of, and reaction to, the scope, severity and 
timing of such factors. 
Another significant factor that has affected, and is continuing to affect, travel and the global economy is 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine which started on 24 February 2022. In retaliation, economies around the world, 
including the United States, the European Union and the UK, imposed comprehensive trade sanctions 
targeting the Russian state, Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions have led to a 
significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and Russia, which has resulted in 
increased commodity prices on global markets for oil, natural gas and wheat, among other products. The 
effect of such sanctions, coupled with the increased geopolitical tensions, have exacerbated high inflation 
and supply chain bottlenecks, risk financial contagion and are likely to have an adverse effect on business 
and consumer confidence and the global economy generally. There is a risk that lower business and 
consumer confidence and activity and an energy-fuelled inflation shock could result in higher unemployment 
rates and lower global economic growth at a time when the global economy is still recovering from the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Furthermore, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, most of the world’s largest economies have closed 
their airspace to Russia and Russia’s Civil Aviation Authority announced in February 2022 the closure of its 
airspace to the carriers of at least 37 countries, including all 27 members of the European Union. In addition, 
because of the impact of international sanctions, Russian airlines may need to return aircrafts leased from 
European Union, United States or UK lessors and will have no access to aircraft, spare parts and related 
services (including insurance and maintenance) from European Union, United States or UK companies. In 
the short-term, this has entailed flight cancellations or diversions of air routes, but the long-term 
consequences for the travel industry could materially affect the Group’s customers across both its Air 
Distribution and Air IT Solutions segments, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
In addition, the surge in global crude oil prices over recent months as a consequence of, among other things, 
the lack of Russian supply, has made air travel more expensive. Coupled with potentially longer air routes 
requiring more fuel as they circumvent closed Russian airspace, higher prices may eventually impact 
consumers and, consequently, negatively affect demand and overall air travel volumes. Finally, the 
combined effect of international sanctions and countermeasures by Russia may negatively affect or 
complicate certain payment flows to and from Russia. 
All of the above factors could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Trends in pricing between airlines, competing GDS providers and travel agencies have reduced, and 
could, in the future, further reduce, the Group’s revenue and margins 
The Group derives a significant majority of its revenue from the booking fees it charges to airlines for 
reservations made through its GDS platform. As a result of the emergence and growth of low-cost airlines, 
consolidation in the airline industry and the recent economic downturn, among other factors, airlines are 
seeking to reduce operating costs, including distribution costs. 
Faced with this desire to reduce distribution costs, some airlines have launched diverse initiatives to reduce 
the booking fees they pay to GDS providers. Such initiatives include withholding part of their content (fares 
and associated economic terms, benefits and/or ancillary content) for distribution exclusively through their 
direct distribution channels (for example, the relevant airline’s website) or offering travellers more attractive 
terms for content available through those direct channels. As a result, new economic models for distribution 
through GDS providers have arisen in recent years, some of which result in lower net revenue for Amadeus. 
The acceptance and implementation of such models by GDS providers has been influenced by the specific 
competitive conditions faced by airlines in markets where the GDS providers operate. Some relevant factors 
on the extent these could impact booking fees are potential regulatory changes, the level of consolidation of 
airlines and travel agencies in such markets, and the relationships among airlines, GDS providers and travel 
agencies. 
Various factors have led to increased pricing competition among GDS providers in the markets, especially 
where there are few airline competitors and the national carrier has a large home market. Any intensification 
in the pricing competition in the markets in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Travel providers, particularly airlines, have sought, and continue to seek, alternative distribution models, 
including direct distribution models, which may adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Many airlines and other travel providers have sought, and continue to seek, to decrease their reliance on the 
indirect distribution channel through GDS providers. Many low-cost airlines have been particularly 
successful at avoiding GDSs, or selling only a small percentage of their tickets through GDSs, by selling 
their tickets exclusively or almost exclusively through direct distribution channels, such as their websites. 
Low-cost airlines have significantly increased their market share over the past decade and their tendency to 
rely on direct distribution methods has been one of the key factors that has contributed towards an increase, 
in recent years, in the number of airline bookings made through direct channels. 
Travel providers may seek to reduce their reliance on GDS providers and other third-party distributors by: 
▪ 
establishing or improving their own travel distribution websites, some of which may offer benefits to 
customers, such as surcharge-free fares, bonus miles or loyalty points, lower or zero transaction and 
processing fees, priority waitlist clearance, e-ticketing and/or discounted prices for sales through 
these channels, the benefits of which may not always be available through GDS platforms; 
▪ 
forming joint ventures and alliances to create multi-supplier travel distribution websites, such as 
Orbitz in the United States;

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
▪ 
electing to make all or part of their inventory unavailable to GDS providers or available only in 
exchange for agreed reductions in the booking fees charged by GDS providers, whether through 
direct reductions, surcharges on travel agencies or otherwise; 
▪ 
applying alternative global distribution methods developed by new entrants to the marketplace which 
incorporate new technologies that are purported to be more cost-effective to travel providers because 
they are less sophisticated, thus requiring lower investment, and/or avoid or reduce the incentive fees 
paid to travel agencies;  
▪ 
creating commercial relationships with online and offline travel agencies to increase travel booked 
with those providers through direct connections to the airline’s own reservation system, rather than 
through a GDS platform; and 
▪ 
working directly with major Internet, including metasearchers, social media and/or mobile-based 
businesses to drive higher booking volumes directly to their own websites or inventories, reducing 
the volume of business transacted via GDSs and other travel intermediaries. 
The Internet has become a major distribution channel for the global travel and tourism industry. This trend is 
expected to continue going forward. Despite the fact the Group supplies many of the airlines’ (including 
low-cost carriers’) direct distribution platforms, due to the significant price difference between direct 
distribution platform services and the GDS pricing, if direct distribution were to account for an increasing 
proportion of the total number of air bookings made worldwide in the coming years, this could limit the 
Group’s ability to take advantage of organic growth in the worldwide market for air travel and/or cause 
fewer air TA bookings to be made through its GDS platform, either of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Industry consolidation could affect the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations 
Recent years have seen a consolidation in the global travel and tourism industry. The COVID-19 pandemic 
crisis resulted in certain travel providers (airlines and travel agencies) filing for bankruptcy while other 
surviving market participants may consolidate. This could lead to a significant change of the travel industry 
landscape. In addition, as the industry consolidates, the Group may seek to participate in this consolidation 
and grow its business through acquisitions. The Group can provide no assurance that it will complete any 
acquisitions or, if it does, that such acquisitions will be successfully managed or integrated with the Group’s 
existing business, will be completed on favourable terms or will fully realise the anticipated benefits. The 
failure or delay of the Group’s management to respond to the challenges of industry consolidation and the 
risks associated with acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2. Risks Related to the Group’s Business 
The GDS market is highly competitive, and the Group is subject to competition from traditional 
participants in the GDS market, direct distribution by travel providers and new technologies that may 
challenge the GDS business model 
The evolution of the global travel and tourism industry, the introduction of new technologies and/or business 
models, among other factors, contribute to an intensification of competition in the business areas and regions 
in which the Group operates. Any such intensification of competition could require the Group to increase 
spending on marketing activities or product development, to decrease its booking or transaction fees and 
other charges (or defer planned increases in such fees and charges), to increase incentive or full content 
payments and/or to take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
A GDS provider has two broad categories of customers: (i) travel providers, such as full service and low-cost 
airlines, hotels, rail operators, cruise and ferry operators, car rental companies and tour operators, and (ii)

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
travel agencies (both online and offline) and corporations. The competitive positioning of a GDS provider 
depends on the success it achieves with both customer categories. Other factors that may affect the 
competitive success of a GDS provider include the timeliness and accuracy of the travel inventory and 
related information offered, the reliability and ease of use of the technology, the incentives paid to travel 
agencies, the transaction fees charged to travel providers and the range of products and services available to 
travel providers and travel agencies. The Group’s existing GDS provider rivals could seek to capture market 
share by offering more competitive terms to travel providers or increasing the incentive fees paid to travel 
agencies, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations to the extent they gain market share from the Group or oblige it to respond by 
lowering its prices or increasing the incentives the Group pays. 
The Group’s Air Distribution business area principally faces competition from: 
• 
its existing international GDS provider rivals, principally Sabre and Travelport;  
• 
a number of local CRS providers (primarily in China), which are mainly owned by airlines and 
which tend to operate exclusively in their home markets; 
• 
direct distribution and other alternative forms of distribution by travel providers; 
• 
new participants that seek to enter the GDS market, particularly as new channels for travel 
distribution develop (such as aggregator or “metasearch” sites); and 
• 
software developments, in particular potential multi-GDS software solutions that allow travel 
agencies to compare the results of some or all GDS providers simultaneously. 
The Group can provide no assurance that it will be able to compete successfully against its current and future 
competitors in the GDS market, some of whom may, in the future, achieve greater brand recognition than the 
Group enjoys, have greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than the Group has or be able 
to secure services and products from travel providers on more favourable terms than the Group is. If the 
Group fails to overcome these competitive pressures, it may lose market share, which could, in turn, have a 
material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s ability to maintain and grow its Air IT Solutions business area may be negatively affected by 
competition from existing third-party IT providers, new participants that seek to enter the airline IT 
solutions market and by a reluctance on the part of customers to concentrate mission-critical IT solutions 
with a single supplier 
The Group’s Air IT Solutions business area, particularly its Altéa and New Skies product offering for 
airlines, principally faces competition from existing third-party IT providers. The Group may also face 
competition from new participants that seek to enter the airline IT solutions market. Factors that may affect 
the competitive success of the Group’s Air IT Solutions business area generally include its pricing structure, 
its ability to keep pace with technological developments, the effectiveness and reliability of its 
implementation and system migration processes, its ability to tailor the Altéa modules for larger airlines and 
to offer a fully integrated “one-stop” solution for small- and mid-sized airlines, the effectiveness and 
reliability of the Group’s systems, the range of additional “bolt-on” modules offered within the Altéa and 
New Skies Suite, and the cost and efficiency of its system upgrades and customer support services. The 
Group’s failure to compete effectively on price, efficiency, reliability of operating the software, customer 
support or other factors upon which its competitors seek to gain market share could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Due to competition from third-party providers and the fact that many of the solutions the Group offers 
through its Altéa and New Skies Suite are deemed critical to the operations of its customers, the Group may 
have difficulty selling additional IT products and services, such as additional modules, to such customers if 
they view the concentration of IT products and services with a single supplier unfavourably. This may inhibit 
the Group’s cross-selling and up-selling efforts. If the Group fails to attract new business for its Air IT

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Solutions business area, it would have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Travel agencies are the primary channel of distribution for the services offered through the Group’s GDS 
platform, and if the Group is unable to maintain its current base of travel agency customers, attract new 
customers or if the bargaining position of travel agency customers improves through consolidation within 
the industry or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Travel agencies (both online and offline) are the primary channel of distribution for the Group’s GDS 
platform.   
In recent years, travel agencies have been consolidating and forming consortia, thus improving their 
bargaining position with respect to GDS providers, including the Group, allowing them to negotiate for 
improved incentive arrangements. The COVID-19 pandemic has also significantly affected the travel agency 
sector, which may result in further consolidation, bankruptcy in some cases and renegotiation of the Group’s 
agreements, especially with the largest travel agency groups. Any significant increase in the incentive 
arrangements that the Group is required to provide to maintain its existing travel agency customers and to 
attract new travel agency customers would also have a negative impact on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The sales cycle for the Group’s IT solutions is between twelve months and several years and may not 
result in the capture of new business, and the Group’s implementation of IT solutions for new and 
upgrading customers is subject to long lead times and significant risks, the materialisation of which could 
harm the Group’s reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
The sales cycle for the Group’s IT solutions can take between twelve months and several years. During this 
extended sales cycle, the Group expends resources and any lengthening of the sales cycle could delay the 
Group’s recognition of revenue and could cause it to expend more resources than anticipated. If the Group is 
unsuccessful in closing sales or if it experiences significant delays in closing such sales, it could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Where the Group is successful in capturing new business, the implementation of its IT solutions can involve 
complex, large-scale projects that require substantial support operations, significant resources and reliance 
on certain factors that may be outside its control. If the Group is unable to manage the implementation of its 
IT solutions successfully, such that they do not meet customer needs or expectations, its reputation, business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Moreover, if an 
implementation project for a large customer were to be substantially delayed or cancelled, the Group may be 
subject to penalties and/or claims under the relevant contract and lose revenue, any of which could, in turn, 
adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s business depends on contracts with travel providers for the provision of distribution services 
and/or IT solutions and agreements with travel agencies, non-wholly-owned local ACOs and other local 
third-party distributors, and the termination of any of these contractual arrangements could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group’s business relies on contracts with travel providers for the provision of distribution services 
and/or IT solutions, agreements with travel agencies and, in some markets, with non-wholly-owned local 
ACOs or local third-party distributors. 
If the Group is unable to renew or replace on competitive terms any of its agreements with travel providers 
for the provision of distribution services and/or IT solutions, with travel agencies or with local ACOs on 
expiry or early termination, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. Moreover, if, on any such expiry or termination, the Group were to lose 
an existing customer to one of its competitors, it would result in a loss of market share which could, in turn,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group depends on a relatively small number of airlines for a significant portion of its revenue and 
may be adversely affected by changes in the financial condition of, by further consolidation of, or by the 
strengthening of, alliances between one or more of these airlines 
Adverse economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine, have contributed towards the financial problems suffered by several major airlines, and other major 
airlines may face similar difficulties in the future.  
In part as a defensive measure, airlines have in recent years been consolidating and/or strengthening their 
alliance activities, thus improving their bargaining position with respect to GDS providers and providers of 
IT solutions, including the Group. This improved bargaining position has affected the negotiation of the 
contractual terms governing the relationship between these airlines and their GDS providers.   
As the Group obtains a significant portion of its Air Distribution and Air IT Solutions business areas’ 
revenue from a relatively small number of airline groups, if one or more of its airline travel providers were to 
suffer a business failure, be acquired by or merged with another airline, significantly strengthen its or their 
alliance activities, or enter into financial difficulties, it could result in the loss of an existing customer and/or 
an increase in the concentration and bargaining power of the key players in the airline industry, either of 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
Any sustained and significant reduction in, or complete withdrawal of, the Group’s major air travel 
suppliers’ inventory from its GDS platform or termination or failure to renew significant IT service contracts 
by such major air travel suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Defects or errors in the Group’s distribution and/or IT solutions, particularly its Altéa and New Skies IT 
offerings for the airline industry, could harm the Group’s reputation, impair its ability to sell its products 
and result in significant costs to the Group, and its insurance coverage may not sufficiently cover such 
costs 
The Group’s distribution and IT solutions, particularly its Altéa Suite and New Skies offerings, are complex 
and may contain undetected defects or errors, particularly where the product or product enhancement has 
been more recently developed, as is the case for a number of the Altéa solutions. This could be the result of 
bugs in open source operating systems and software that the Group incorporates into its software. The Group 
has not suffered significant harm from any defects or errors to date, but it has found defects in certain of its 
solutions from time to time, which have been corrected as appropriate. The Group, or its customers, may 
discover additional defects in the future, and such defects could be material. The Group may not be able to 
detect and correct defects or errors before the final implementation of its distribution and IT solutions. 
Consequently, the Group or its customers may discover defects or errors after its distribution and IT 
solutions have been implemented. The Group may in the future need to issue corrective releases of its 
products to correct such defects and errors. The occurrence of any defects or errors, even if discovered and 
resolved in a timely manner, could result in: 
▪ 
lost or delayed market acceptance and reduced sales of the Group’s solutions; 
▪ 
delays in payments to the Group by customers; 
▪ 
customer losses and contract cancellations; 
▪ 
failure to win potential new customers; 
▪ 
harm to the Group’s reputation;

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
▪ 
diversion of the Group’s resources; 
▪ 
legal claims, including product liability claims, against the Group; 
▪ 
increased maintenance and support expenses; and 
▪ 
increased insurance costs. 
The agreements with the Group’s airline customers pursuant to which the Group provides IT solutions or 
systems typically contain provisions designed to limit its liability for defects and errors and damages relating 
to such defects and errors, but these provisions may not be enforced by a court or otherwise effectively 
protect the Group from legal claims.  
In the event that the Group is required to satisfy a legal claim, its IT liability insurance may not be adequate 
to cover all of the costs, or even the type of costs, resulting from such legal claims. Moreover, the Group can 
provide no assurance that its current IT liability insurance coverage will continue to be available on 
commercially acceptable terms and the insurer may, in any event, deny coverage on any future claim. The 
successful assertion against the Group of one or more large claims that exceed available insurance coverage 
or that result in changes to its insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large 
deductible or co-insurance requirements) could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
While the Group considers that its insurance coverage is consistent with IT industry standards in light of the 
activities it conducts, the Group can provide no assurance that its insurance coverage will adequately protect 
it from all the risks that may arise or in amounts sufficient to prevent material loss. 
System and technology disruptions or underperformance may cause the Group to lose customers or 
business opportunities and to incur liabilities 
Most of the Group’s data and transaction processing services are centralised in its data processing facility 
located in Erding (near Munich, Germany). 
The Group’s inability to maintain and improve the efficiency, reliability and integrity of its technologies and 
systems at its Erding facility and elsewhere may result in system disruptions. Delayed response times, 
unreliable service levels, insufficient system capacity, prolonged or frequent service outages or the Group’s 
inability to retain qualified staff or to avoid system interruptions may inhibit its provision of distribution 
and/or IT solutions to customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could, in turn, result in the 
Group losing customers or incurring liabilities, which would have a negative impact on its business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition to the risks from inadequate maintenance or upgrading, the Group’s information technologies and 
systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption resulting from various causes, including: 
▪ 
natural disasters, wars and acts of terrorism; 
▪ 
power losses, computer systems failure, Internet, telecommunications and data network failures, 
operator error, loss and corruption of data and other similar events; 
▪ 
sabotage, computer viruses, unauthorised access by individuals seeking to disrupt operations or 
misappropriate information and other physical or electronic breaches of security; and 
▪ 
failure of third-party systems, hosting providers, software or services that the Group relies on to 
maintain its own operations. 
Any disaster, calamity or other event, whether natural or man-made, that causes significant damage to, or 
materially disrupts the functioning of, the Group’s data processing facility or other IT infrastructure could

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
significantly curtail the Group’s ability to conduct its distribution and IT solutions activities and could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, any disruption to the Group’s information technologies or systems (including its e-commerce 
business) caused by computer viruses, cyber attacks or unauthorised intrusions may cause the Group to 
suffer reputational damage and to incur liabilities. 
Moreover, in the Group’s Air IT Solutions or Hospitality & Other Solutions area, the contracts the Group 
enters into with its customers typically stipulate minimum service level commitments. If, as a result of a 
system interruption at the Group’s data processing facility, the Group were to breach one of these minimum 
service level commitments and fail to remedy that breach within the defined cure period, if any, the relevant 
counterparty may have the right to terminate the contract under which such services are provided, and the 
Group would be required to make penalty payments to the relevant counterparty. While the Group seeks to 
cap its maximum potential liability under each contract, the minimum service level commitments are set at 
similar levels across the Group’s portfolio of contractual arrangements and it is therefore likely that, in the 
event of a system disruption that is sufficiently severe to cause a breach of service level commitments, the 
Group would be required to make penalty payments under a significant number of its Air IT Solutions and 
Hospitality & Other Solutions contracts. If this were to result in the loss of a significant customer or group of 
customers or in such penalty payments materially exceeding the Group’s available liability insurance 
coverage, or were to result in material changes to the Group’s insurance policies (including premium 
increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), it would have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is dependent upon third-party systems and service providers and relies on several 
communications companies internationally to provide network connections between its data processing 
facility and its customers 
The Group’s businesses are dependent on certain third-party computer systems, service providers and 
software companies, such as Accenture, IBM, HP, Microsoft, Oracle and Google Cloud, among others, and 
the Group relies on several communications companies internationally to provide network connections 
between the Group’s data processing facility in Erding and its customers, as well as cloud hosting providers. 
The Group’s success is dependent on its ability to maintain effective relationships with its third-party 
technology and service suppliers. If the Group’s arrangements with any such third party were to be 
terminated or impaired, the Group may not be able to find an alternative source of technology or systems 
support on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis or at all, which could result in significant 
additional cost and/or business disruption. In addition, some of the Group’s agreements with third-party 
technology and service providers are terminable at short notice and, in many cases, provide limited recourse 
for service interruptions. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is reliant upon information technology and innovation to operate its businesses and maintain 
its competitiveness, and any inability to adapt to technological developments or industry trends could 
harm the Group’s business 
The Group develops and sells sophisticated distribution and IT solutions, including those used for 
reservations, passenger management, communications, procurement, administrative systems, hardware 
platforms and operating systems. The Group continuously needs to improve and upgrade the systems and 
infrastructure underlying its products and services to remain competitive and to offer customers of its 
distribution and IT solutions new products and services, while maintaining the efficiency, reliability and 
integrity of its systems and infrastructure. 
The industry in which the Group operates is characterised by rapid technological development and changing 
customer requirements. The Group must introduce new functionality that enhances its existing distribution 
products and services, through its GDS platform, and its IT solutions, particularly through its Altéa Suite, in 
order to maintain or improve its competitive position, keep pace with technological developments, satisfy the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
requirements of each customer and to continue promoting brand awareness for the Group’s product line. The 
success of new products is dependent on several factors, including proper identification of the needs of users 
of the Group’s GDS platform and IT solutions, cost of developing new products, timely completion and 
implementation of new products, differentiation of new products from those of the Group’s competitors and 
market acceptance of new products. Any technologies and systems the Group does develop may not achieve 
acceptance in the marketplace sufficient to generate material revenue or may be rendered obsolete or non-
competitive by products introduced by the Group’s competitors. The Group’s competitors may be investing 
heavily in product development, and they may develop and market new products and services that will 
compete with, and may reduce the demand for, the Group’s distribution and IT solutions. 
The Group can provide no assurance that it will be successful in developing or otherwise acquiring, 
marketing and licensing new functionality, or in delivering updates and upgrades that meet changing 
industry standards and customer demands. In addition, the Group may experience difficulties that could 
delay or prevent the successful development, marketing and licensing of such functionality. If the Group is 
unable to develop or acquire new functionality, enhance its existing GDS platform and IT solutions, 
particularly its Altéa Suite, or to adapt to changing industry requirements to meet market demand, the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
In addition, because certain of the Group’s products are intended to operate on a variety of technology 
platforms, the Group must continue to modify and enhance such products to keep pace with changes 
affecting these platforms. Any inability to operate effectively with existing or future platforms could reduce 
the demand for these products or result in customer dissatisfaction, either of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s intellectual property rights may not be protected effectively, which could allow the Group’s 
competitors to duplicate its products and services, which could, in turn, make it more difficult for the 
Group to compete with them effectively 
The Group’s ability to compete successfully depends, in part, upon its technology and other intellectual 
property, including its brands. Among the Group’s significant assets are its software and other proprietary 
information and intellectual property rights. The Group relies on a combination of copyright, trademarks, 
patents, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual rights to protect these assets. The Group’s 
software and related documentation, however, are protected primarily under trade secret and copyright laws 
which afford only limited protection. The Group may, from time to time, need to take legal action to enforce 
its intellectual property rights, to enforce its protection on trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope 
of the proprietary rights of others, and such enforcement actions could result in the invalidation or 
impairment of the intellectual property rights it asserts. 
Unauthorised use of the Group’s assets due to a lack of intellectual property protection or otherwise could 
result in harm to the Group’s reputation or in its competitors offering similar products and services to the 
Group’s own products and services without the investment in product development that the Group has made 
over the years. In addition, the Group can provide no assurance that any legal remedies available to it would 
adequately compensate it for the damage caused by such unauthorised use. The unauthorised use of the 
Group’s intellectual property could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may be sued by third parties owning patents or other intellectual property rights, alleging that 
the Group’s assets or technologies infringe such third parties’ patents or other intellectual property rights, 
which could expose the Group to substantial damages and restrict its operations 
As the Group’s business is evolving and expands into new areas, the potential competitors of the Group also 
increase. Such competitors could be companies with large numbers of patents and other intellectual property 
rights. In addition, various “non-practicing entities” (NPEs) that own patents and other intellectual property 
rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from the patents they owned or 
acquired. The Group’s business expansion into new areas in which the Group has not previously competed

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
could therefore increase its exposure to patents and other intellectual property claims from these competitors 
and NPEs.  
From time to time, the Group receives notice from holders of patents or other intellectual property rights 
alleging that certain of the Group’s products and services, or the use of the Group’s products and services by 
its customers, infringe such holders’ intellectual property rights. While the Group does not believe that any 
of its products or services infringes the proprietary rights of third parties in any material respect, there can be 
no assurance that the Group will not face intellectual property claims from third parties with respect to 
current or future products.  
Engaging in an intellectual property rights litigation is costly, can impose a significant burden on the Group, 
including requiring it to spend significant time in litigation, and there can be no assurances that a favourable 
outcome can be obtained. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and the Group may become subject to, preliminary 
or provisional rulings such as preliminary injunctions requiring the Group or its customers to cease some of 
their operations. The Group may be subject to an unfavourable judgment requiring the Group to cease some 
of its operations, delay or cancel the development or release of new products or services or pay substantial 
amounts to third parties. The Group may also decide to settle such lawsuits or disputes on terms that are not 
favourable to it. In addition, the Group may have to seek a licence to continue to offer some of its products 
and services and this may significantly increase the Group’s operating costs and expenses. The Group may 
also be required to develop alternative technologies in order to provide non-infringing products and services. 
The development of alternative technologies could require significant effort and expense or may not even be 
feasible.  
Any of the above could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Future taxation of the digital economy 
The introduction of new levies at domestic and/or EU level (commonly referred to as Digital Services Tax 
(DST)) on the provision of certain digital services (online advertising services, online intermediation 
services and data transmission services) could partially impact certain services provided by the Group, 
giving rise to double taxation scenarios. 
The potential changes in international tax systems arising from the new challenges of the digital economy 
(currently under analysis by the OECD), with significant changes in the determination of the nexus and rules 
for profit allocation, with a review of the notion of permanent establishment where economic presence 
prevails over physical presence, could give rise to new methods, both for the quantification of profits and the 
criteria for their allocation in the different jurisdictions from a tax perspective, affecting the Group’s transfer 
pricing policy.   
Moreover, several countries have decided to move ahead with unilateral measures to tax the digital economy. 
About half of all European OECD countries have either announced, proposed or implemented a DST, which 
is a tax on selected gross revenue streams of large digital companies. For example, in Spain, the law 
approving the Spanish Digital Services Tax (Ley 4/2020, de 15 de octubre, del Impuesto sobre Determinados 
Servicios Digitales) entered into force on 16 January 2021. The Spanish Digital Services Tax is a 3 per cent. 
indirect tax levied on the provision of certain online advertising services, online intermediation services and 
transfer of data services and which applies to certain of the Group’s services.  
Any of the above measures to taxing the digital economy could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this Base Prospectus, or any other risks, that have a 
particularly detrimental effect in Western Europe, could result in the Group being more adversely affected 
than its competitors that are less dependent on the Western European market 
Western Europe is typically the largest market for the Group’s Air Distribution business area and the 
majority of the Group’s heads are currently located in Western Europe. In addition, the Group’s corporate 
headquarters is located in Madrid (Spain). The Group’s principal product development centre is located in 
Sophia Antipolis and Villeneuve-Loubet (near Nice, France) and its core data processing centre is located in 
Erding (near Munich, Germany). Due to this concentration of the Group’s revenue, employees and central 
business operations in Western Europe, the occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this Base Prospectus, 
or any other risks, that have a particularly detrimental effect in Western Europe compared with other regions, 
could result in the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations being more 
adversely affected than those of the Group’s competitors that are less dependent on the Western European 
market. 
The Group may be involved in litigation and arbitration proceedings, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
From time to time the Group may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. An 
unfavourable outcome in respect of one or more of such proceedings could, to the extent such outcome is not 
covered by any of the Group’s insurance policies, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
3. Risks Related to the Group’s Regulatory Environment 
The Group’s businesses are regulated in several jurisdictions in which the Group operates and any failure 
to comply with such regulations or material changes to such regulations could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group operates in a regulated industry, both in Spain and internationally. The Group and its solutions 
for the travel industry are subject to laws and regulations that significantly affect its activities and the 
solutions it offers to its customers, including EU and national laws governing (i) specific regulations for the 
provision of GDS services, (ii) competition/antitrust law, (iii) consumer protection, (iv) privacy and data 
protection, (v) tax matters, (vi) the sale of “packaged” travel products and services directly to consumers, 
(vii) payments regulations and (viii) trade sanctions and export control laws. 
Given the international scope of the Group’s operations and the nature of the products and services it 
provides, the various regulatory regimes to which the Group is subject may conflict with one another. 
Differences between the regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates can present 
a significant challenge in operational terms, requiring the Group to tailor its products, services and business 
practices to different, and sometimes conflicting, regulatory regimes. It may not be possible for the Group, in 
all circumstances, to ensure full compliance with conflicting regulatory requirements in different 
jurisdictions. Furthermore, while certain jurisdictions, such as the EU, have opted to continue to regulate the 
GDS industry, other jurisdictions, such as the United States, have largely deregulated the sector. The Group 
cannot guarantee that it will be successful in adapting its business policies and practices to all regulated and 
deregulated environments. Also, while the Group does not, at present, consider that it has a “parent carrier” 
for the purposes of EU regulation, the Group can provide no assurance that this will remain the case 
following any future investigation by the EU competition authorities based on the Group’s shareholder 
structure at the time of any such investigation. 
While the Group believes that it complies in all material respects with applicable regulations in the EU and 
the other jurisdictions in which it operates, it may nevertheless be the subject of legal challenges alleging a 
failure by the Group to comply with such requirements (as interpreted by the relevant regulatory authorities). 
Any such failure to comply may subject the Group to fines, penalties and potential criminal sanctions, any of 
which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations 
Regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates could have a negative impact on the 
Group’s business and limit its ability to compete by restricting the Group’s flexibility to respond to 
competitive conditions, which could result in a loss of market share. 
In a number of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, regulations governing CRSs, such as the 
Group’s GDS platform, are, or have recently been, subject to comprehensive review and in some instances 
this has resulted in a substantial overhaul of the previous regime. In the EU, for example, the Regulation of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on Code of Conduct for CRSs came into force on 29 March 
2009, repealing and replacing the prior CRS Code of Conduct established under Council Regulation (EEC) 
No. 2299/89. This Code of Conduct is currently under review by the EU Commission and may be amended 
or repealed in the future. 
Additionally, there are, and it is likely that there will continue to be, an increasing number of laws and 
regulations pertaining to the Internet, e-commerce and online platforms, which may relate to liability for 
information retrieved from, or transmitted over, the Internet, user privacy, taxation and the quality of 
products and services. Furthermore, the growth and development of e-commerce may prompt calls for more 
stringent customer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on online business generally. In 
addition, the expansion of the Group in the payments area may trigger the application of payments 
regulations in certain jurisdictions, which may have an adverse impact on its business and increase the 
Group’s costs to comply with such regulations, if applicable. Another trend that continues is the increase in 
data localisation measures worldwide, which mandate that the data of a country’s citizens be stored within 
the borders of that country. Furthermore, sanctions regimes, especially in the United States, change 
frequently, notably recently due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and such modifications could negatively 
affect the Group’s business and prospects in certain countries. 
Any unfavourable amendment to, or withdrawal or change in the interpretation of, existing law and 
regulations applicable to the Group, or any enactment of new law and regulations applicable to the Group, 
could, among other things, decrease demand for its products and services, increase its costs, subject it to 
additional liabilities, limit the Group’s ability to establish relationships with new customers, impair the 
enforceability of agreements with its existing customers, prohibit or limit it from offering services or 
products or establishing or changing its fees, reduce the value of marketing information that the Group sells 
to its providers and customers, subject the Group to rules that do not apply to its competitors or otherwise 
generally inhibit its ability to operate its business effectively. Any of the foregoing could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Adverse competition law rulings could restrict the Group’s ability to expand or to operate its business as it 
wishes and could expose it to fines or other penalties 
While the Group is prudent in its competitive behaviour and seeks, at all times, to comply with applicable 
competition law, it has in the past been subject to, and cannot exclude the possibility of in the future being 
subject to litigation, requests for information and/or investigations by national competition authorities or the 
EU Commission into its competitive behaviour in any market. The Group’s management believes it has 
strong grounds on which to challenge any finding of anti-competitive behaviour. Were any finding to be 
made against the Group, however, it could be required to pay damages and fines, which could be substantial, 
and/or required to alter any behaviour determined to be abusive or anti-competitive, all of which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
4. Risks Related to the Group’s Financing 
The Group’s leverage could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations and 
limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or the Group’s industry 
The current level of the Group’s indebtedness could have important consequences for the Group, including 
the following:  
▪ 
its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or 
general corporate purposes may be impaired; 
▪ 
the requirement to make debt service payments on its amortising and other debt, which will reduce 
the funds available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments and future 
business opportunities and activities; 
▪ 
exposure to increased hedging costs as the Group’s hedging products are rolled over; 
▪ 
reduced flexibility in planning for, or responding to, changing conditions in the Group’s industry, 
including increased competition; and 
▪ 
vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse developments affecting the Group’s 
industry or its business. 
In addition, in response to high inflation, central banks around the world, including the European Central 
Bank (ECB), have gradually tightened their monetary policies in recent months, with the ECB raising its 
benchmark deposit rate by 25 basis points to 3.25 per cent. in May 2023 and ECB officials have since hinted 
at further rate increases later in the year. As a result, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, borrowing costs 
in both the bond and loan market are significantly higher than in recent years, which could adversely affect 
the Group’s ability to refinance its indebtedness or access additional debt funding at reasonable prices or at 
all. 
If the Group were to incur significant additional indebtedness, it could make it more difficult for it to satisfy 
its debt service and other payment obligations, which could, in turn, increase the severity of these risks.  
The Group may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness and may be forced 
to take other actions to satisfy its obligations in respect of such indebtedness, which may be costly and 
may not succeed 
The Group’s ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance its debt obligations depends on its 
financial condition and operating performance, which are both subject to prevailing economic and 
competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond the 
Group’s control. Accordingly, the Group can provide no assurance that it will maintain a level of cash flows 
from operating activities sufficient to permit the making of scheduled payments of interest. 
If the Group’s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund its debt service obligations, the Group 
may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional 
capital or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. These alternative measures may be costly, may not be 
successful and may not permit the Group to satisfy all of its scheduled debt service obligations. If the 
Group’s operating performance and capital resources prove insufficient, the Group could face substantial 
liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or businesses to meet debt service and 
other payment obligations. In such circumstances, there can be no guarantee that the net proceeds from any 
such disposals would be sufficient to meet any debt service and other payment obligations then due. 
Any failure to pay amounts due and payable under the credit documentation would give rise to an event of 
default, with the same consequences for breach of covenant described below.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Group’s credit documentation contains restrictions that limit the Group’s flexibility in operating its 
business 
The terms of the Group’s credit documentation include various undertakings that limit its ability to engage in 
specified types of transactions. Among other things, they limit the Group’s ability to: 
▪ 
incur additional indebtedness in certain circumstances; 
▪ 
make substantial changes to the general nature of the business of the Group (taken as a whole); 
▪ 
divest of certain assets or create security interests over the Group’s assets to secure other debt 
obligations; and 
▪ 
sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Group’s assets. 
In addition, the Issuer is required to maintain a rating for its long-term senior unsecured debt which is not 
credit enhanced by a third party (on a public or private basis), although this does not have to be an 
investment grade rating. 
A breach of any of these financial or general undertakings could result in a default under the terms of the 
Group’s credit documentation, the occurrence of which could entitle the lenders to declare all amounts 
outstanding under the credit documentation to be immediately due and payable and to terminate all 
commitments to extend further credit. If the Group’s lenders were to accelerate the repayment of borrowings 
under the scenario described above, the Group can provide no assurance that it would be capable of raising 
funds in the debt or equity markets to refinance such amounts or have sufficient assets to repay all such 
amounts or that the Group would be able to remain solvent following any such acceleration. 
Additionally, certain of the Group’s financing agreements contain change of control provisions. If any 
person or entity (or group of persons or entities acting in concert) were to gain control of the Issuer through 
the acquisition of more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable at its general shareholders’ meeting, 
it would also give rise to a mandatory prepayment event under the terms of the Group’s credit 
documentation, with the possible consequences described above. 
Interest rate fluctuations may adversely impact the Group’s results of operations 
Fluctuations in interest rates modify the fair value of the Group’s assets and liabilities that accrue at a fixed 
interest rate and the cash flows from assets and liabilities pegged to a variable interest rate and, accordingly, 
affect the Group’s equity and profitability, respectively.  
In order to hedge its exposure to interest rate movements and fix the amount of interest to be paid by it in 
subsequent years, the Group typically enters into derivative agreements with financial institutions. By fixing 
the spread on the Group’s debt in this manner, however, its fair value is sensitive to changes in interest rates.  
Interest rates are sensitive to numerous factors outside of the Group’s control, including, but not limited to, 
government and central bank monetary policy in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. For example, 
in response to high inflation, central banks around the world, including the ECB, have gradually tightened 
their monetary policies in recent months, with the ECB raising its benchmark deposit rate by 50 basis points 
to 3 per cent. in March 2023 and ECB officials have since hinted at further rate increases later in the year. 
Any further increase in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
While the Group seeks to manage its exposure to interest rate risk, it can provide no assurance that its current 
or future hedging will sufficiently protect it from the adverse effects of interest rate movements. Moreover, 
the success of the Group’s hedging is highly dependent on the accuracy of its assumptions and forecasts. 
Any errors affecting such assumptions and forecasts and, therefore, the Group’s interest hedging strategy,

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the euro, the US dollar and other foreign currencies may adversely 
impact the Group’s results of operations 
The Group faces exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates as a result of both transaction 
risk and translation risk. 
Transaction risk arises on net cash flows denominated in currencies other than the euro, the Group’s 
functional currency. Although most of the Group’s revenue is denominated in euros, the Group is exposed to 
movements in currency exchange rates due to the fact that a significant portion of its revenue is denominated 
in currencies other than the euro, with most of the revenue derived from countries in Central and South 
America, North America and the APAC region being denominated in US dollars. A significant portion of the 
Group’s expenses is also denominated in currencies other than the euro, such as the US dollar-denominated 
incentive fees the Group pays to certain travel agencies and part of its personnel and social security costs, 
including the Group’s personnel costs for employees in North America. The Group is also exposed, to a 
more limited extent, to movements in currency exchange rates of other currencies relative to the euro, the 
most significant being British pounds sterling, Australian dollars, Swedish krona, Brazilian Real, Indian 
Rupee and Thai Baht. 
The euro and the US dollar are the Group’s two most significant surplus currencies, insofar as the net 
operating cash flows in these currencies are typically positive, with the revenue generated in each currency 
typically exceeding the Group’s operating expenses denominated in such currency. The British pound 
sterling, Australian dollars, Swedish krona, Brazilian Real, Indian Rupee and Thai Baht tend to be deficit 
currencies for the Group meaning that the operating costs exceed revenue in these currencies, with British 
pounds sterling generally representing the Group’s most significant deficit currency. Changes in the 
exchange rates of these currencies against the euro could result in an increase in the Group’s consolidated 
operating expenses or a reduction in its revenue. 
The Group seeks to manage its operating exposure to the US dollar (which has a positive effect when the US 
dollar appreciates against the euro or a negative effect when the US dollar depreciates against the euro) 
through the use of currency derivatives, including foreign exchange forwards and currency options with a 
hedging horizon of up to three years. Notwithstanding this hedge of its cash flows, the Group’s operating 
profit is exposed to fluctuations in the US dollar-euro exchange rate. 
For the deficit cash flow exposures denominated in British pound sterling, Australian dollars, Swedish krona, 
Brazilian Real, Indian Rupee and Thai Baht, the Group seeks to cover a significant portion of its exposure by 
contracting currency derivatives, including foreign exchange forwards and currency options with a hedging 
horizon of up to three years. 
While the Group seeks to manage its foreign exchange risk, it can provide no assurance that its current or 
future hedging will sufficiently protect it from the adverse effects of currency exchange rate movements. 
Moreover, the success of the Group’s hedging is highly dependent on the accuracy of the Group’s 
assumptions and forecasts. Any errors affecting such assumptions and forecasts and, therefore, the Group’s 
hedging strategy, could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic or other future public health crises 
on the Group’s business may result in goodwill impairments and increasing provisions for bad debt 
Some of the Group’s goodwill, long-term investments and long-lived assets may be subject to impairment 
due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other viruses or public health crises on the 
Group’s business.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
For example, the current situation with travel providers, particularly airlines which are suffering significantly 
from the decline in air traffic decline as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or, to a lesser extent, from 
the fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group’s bad debt has increased and will potentially continue to 
increase until the travel industry recovers.  
Any material increase in the Group’s provisions for bad debt, and any material increase in cash outlays to 
travel suppliers would have a corresponding effect on the Group’s results of operations, liquidity and related 
cash flows. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
5. Risks Related to Data Protection  
The Group’s processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data is regulated and any unauthorised 
access to, or disclosure of, such data or any failure to comply with industry standards relating to the 
processing of credit card payments, could adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations 
In the processing of its transactions, the Group receives and stores a large volume of personally identifiable 
information, which is increasingly subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world. Such 
regulations are typically intended to protect the privacy and security of personal information, including credit 
card information, that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. The 
Group could be adversely affected if it is unable to comply with such regulations, if such regulations were to 
be expanded to require changes in the Group’s business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or 
implement such regulations in a manner that negatively affects the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. The Group continues to work on the implementation of the necessary 
changes on its current business practices resulting from the new European General Data Protection 
Regulation, respecting the travel industry standards.  
The secure transmission of confidential and personally identifiable information over the Internet is essential 
in maintaining customer and supplier confidence in the Group’s Air Distribution and Air IT Solutions 
business areas. The Group receives and handles a large volume of personally identifiable information in the 
course of its ordinary activities and the Group relies on licensed encryption and authentication technology to 
effect the secure transmission of this confidential information. It is possible that advances in computer 
capabilities, new innovations or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the 
technology used by the Group to protect customer transaction data. The Group incurs substantial expense to 
protect against and remedy security breaches and their consequences. However, businesses that handle 
personal data have been subject to investigations, lawsuits and adverse publicity due to allegedly improper 
disclosure of personally identifiable information and the Group cannot guarantee that its security measures 
will prevent all attempted security breaches. A party (whether internal, external, an affiliate or an unrelated 
third party) that is able to circumvent the Group’s security systems could steal proprietary information or 
cause significant interruptions in the Group’s operations. Substantial or ongoing data breaches, whether 
instigated internally or externally, on the Group’s system or other Internet-based systems, could significantly 
harm the Group’s business, damage its reputation, expose it to potential litigation, losses and liability and/or 
cause existing customers and prospective customers to lose confidence in the Group’s security measures, 
which would have a negative effect on the value of the Group’s brands. These concerns and other privacy 
and security developments that are difficult to anticipate could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Finally, participants in the payment card industry have proposed standards related to the processing of credit 
card payments, as well as target dates by which they require vendors to be compliant. The participants have 
stated that they may take actions against vendors who are not compliant by the target date, including 
imposing cash penalties for violations or prohibiting them from processing transactions on participant cards. 
To the extent any of the Group’s businesses are not compliant by the industry-proposed target dates, the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely 
affected. 
(II) RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES GENERALLY 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such 
Notes. Therefore, there is no assurance as to the liquidity of any market in the Notes, a holder of the Notes’ 
ability to sell their Notes or the prices at which they would be able to sell their Notes. If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such 
disruption may have a negative effect on holders of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer’s prospects and 
financial performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the 
Notes and if no active trading market develops, a holder of the Notes may not be able to resell its holding of 
the Notes at a fair value, if at all. Although application has been made for the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or application may be made for the Notes to be listed, traded and/or quoted on 
such further stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer, there is no 
assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in euro (the Specified Currency). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes’ financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in 
which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such Note. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer  
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may 
be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the ICSDs). Except in certain 
limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Notes. The ICSDs will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through the ICSDs and their respective participants. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of 
the common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for the ICSDs for distribution to its 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the ICSDs

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the ICSDs to appoint 
appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right 
under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes 
but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The Issuer has been assigned a rating of Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB by Standard & Poor’s. The ratings of 
the Issuer may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Notes issued under the Programme, 
including the structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Any Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. There is no assurance that any credit rating assigned to the 
Issuer or an issue of Notes will continue for any period of time or that it will not be reviewed, revised, 
suspended or withdrawn entirely by the relevant credit rating agency. If any credit rating assigned to the 
Issuer or an issue of Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. Future 
events, including those affecting the Issuer, its subsidiaries and the Group, the markets they serve or the 
Group’s industry generally, could have an adverse impact on the ratings of the Issuer or the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
(III) RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer 
In respect of a particular issue of Notes, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part), as further 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase⸻Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase⸻Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase⸻Residual maturity call option) and Condition 10(g) (Redemption and Purchase⸻Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event). 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Investments in Notes that bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market 
value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest 
rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of such Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices such as EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks), to which 
interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reforms. This has resulted in regulatory reform and 
changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
Such reform of Benchmarks includes Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU BMR) which was published in 
the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018 and Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK BMR). The EU 
BMR and the UK BMR apply to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark 
and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU BMR or the UK BMR. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant Benchmark. The EU BMR and the UK BMR, among 
other things, (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain 
uses by EU and UK supervised entities, as applicable (such as the Issuer) of Benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed).  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain Benchmarks.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The potential elimination of any Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes 
referencing such Benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to a Benchmark which may, depending on the manner in which such Benchmark is to be determined under 
the Conditions, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the 
previous period when such Benchmark was available). See “—Fallback arrangements in respect of 
Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of and return on affected Notes” 
below. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This 
relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure 
for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. 
The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or 
different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than 
those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference €STR or any related indices. 
Fallback arrangements in respect of Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of and return on affected Notes 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published Benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other 
successor service)), such as EURIBOR or €STR ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) occurs. These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of 
Interest could be determined by an Independent Adviser, without any separate consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that an Adjustment Spread may be 
applied to such Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate. Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(and, in each case, any Adjustment Spread) is determined, the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in each case, any Adjustment 
Spread), without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. The use of a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate may, however, result in interest payments that are lower than, or otherwise do not 
correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant Benchmark 
continued to be available in its current form. In addition, while the intention of the Adjustment Spread is to 
eliminate any economic prejudice or benefit caused by the application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate, it may not be successful in doing so and the Notes could still perform differently than they would if the 
Rate of Interest had continued to be determined with reference to the Original Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes.  
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime in Notes  
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, they are 
not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any Noteholder, irrespective of 
whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to the Paying Agent complying 
with certain information procedures described in “Taxation—Reporting obligations” below. The Issuer and 
the Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented 
to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation 
thereof. 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, in order for the Issuer to make payments free from Spanish 
withholding tax, it is required that the securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 
10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under 
Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state. The Issuer expects that the Notes will 
meet the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to 
Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, provided the Paying Agent complies with the 
procedural requirements referred to above. In the event a payment in respect of the Notes issued by the 
Issuer is subject to Spanish withholding tax, the Issuer will pay the relevant Noteholder such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amount received by such Noteholder after such 
withholding equals the sum of the respective amounts of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding, 
except as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Taxation”.  
Notwithstanding the above, if despite the procedures arranged between the Issuer and the Paying Agent to 
facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes, the relevant information is not received by the 
Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment of interest made in respect of the Notes. The Issuer will not 
pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding.  
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding 
to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(Impuesto sobre Sociedades)), the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make 
the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the 
procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent 
required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the 
Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders information are to apply, the 
Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and, by Spanish 
entities subject to Corporate Income Tax if the Notes are deemed to have been placed totally or partially in 
Spain according to the criteria set out by the Spanish Directorate General of Taxes (Dirección General de 
Tributos) in the tax ruling dated 27 July 2004) and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as 
depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such depositary 
or custodian (currently 19 per cent.) and according to Condition 12 (Taxation) no additional amounts will be 
payable by the Issuer in such circumstances.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
GLOSSARY 
As used in this Base Prospectus: 
ACO refers to an Amadeus Commercial Organisation. 
air TA bookings refers to air bookings processed and billed using the Group’s GDS platform, for which the Group 
receives revenue in the form of booking fees. 
Altéa or Altéa Suite refers to the Group’s airline passenger service system solution that includes a reservation, 
inventory and DCS modules, as well as standalone and customised solutions as more fully described under  
“Description of the Group—IT solutions offering—Airline IT”. 
Altéa Inventory refers to both the Altéa Inventory IT solution and the Altéa Reservation IT solution, taken together, 
both of which form part of the Group’s Altéa Suite. 
Altéa Reservation refers to the Altéa Reservation IT solution used on a stand-alone basis. 
Amadeus GTD refers to Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A., the parent company of the Group prior to the 
acquisition of that company by WAM Acquisition, S.A. in 2005. 
APAC refers to the Asia-Pacific region comprising Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia Riel, China, the Cook 
Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, the Republic of Maldives, 
Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, Norfolk Island, North Korea, the Republic of the 
Philippines, the Independent State of Samoa, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Tonga, Vietnam 
and the Wallis and Futuna Islands. 
Axess refers to Axess International Network Inc., a local Computer Reservation System provider to the travel industry 
operating in Japan. 
BC Partners refers to BC Partners Limited, an international investment firm. 
Central and South America refers to the regions of Central and South America, comprising Anguilla, Antigua and 
Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominica, the 
Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Montserrat, The 
Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, 
Trinidad and Tobago, the United States Virgin Islands, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
Cinven refers to Cinven Limited, an international investment firm. 
Central Reservation System or CRS refers, in the context of hospitality, to a computerised reservation software used 
to manage room reservations, related processes, room inventory and rates. A CRS provides hotel room rates and 
availability for indirect distribution channels. 
Computer Reservation System refers, in the context of travel distribution, to a computer network containing travel-
related information such as schedules, availability, fares and other services, which enables automated travel-related 
transactions between travel providers and travel agents.  
Departure Control System or DCS refers to an IT system that helps processing an airline’s airport management 
operation including areas like check-in, boarding, baggage processing, or weight and balance of the aircraft.  
Global Distribution System or GDS refers to a computer network containing travel-related information such as 
schedules, availability, fares and related services, which also enables automated travel related transactions between 
travel providers and travel sellers. In addition to providing a Computer Reservation System, GDSs offer travel-related

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
content to a broad range of travel sellers worldwide, making global reach an important element of their value 
proposition. 
Group refers to Amadeus IT Group, S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Iberia refers to Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España, Sociedad Anónima Operadora, Sociedad Unipersonal. Based in Madrid 
(Spain), Iberia is a network carrier included in the Oneworld alliance. 
Infini refers to INFINI Travel Information, Inc., a local CRS provider to the travel industry operating in Japan. 
IATA refers to International Air Transport Association, the trade association for the world’s airlines. 
INR refers to Indian Rupees, the lawful currency of India. 
local CRS providers refer to the following CRS providers: TravelSky (China), Axess and Infini (Japan) and TOPAS 
(South Korea). 
Lufthansa refers to Deutsche Lufthansa AG, the parent company of Lufthansa Commercial Holding. 
New Distribution Capability refers to a programme launched by IATA for the development and market adoption of a 
new XML-based data transmission standard (referred to as New Distribution Capability Standard) between airlines and 
travel agencies. 
New Skies or New Skies Suite refers to the Group’s digital retailing, mobile-enabled reservation and distribution 
platform.  
North America refers to North America comprising Bermuda, Canada, Guam, Kiribati, the Marshall Islands, Mexico, 
Micronesia, the Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Tuvalu and the United States. 
Open systems refers, in the context of computing and informatics, to a class of systems built using open source 
software standards that offer a high level of portability and independence from the hardware platforms on which they 
operate, especially in contrast to the more entrenched mainframes that were once common in the travel industry. 
PB or passenger boarded refers to the actual passengers boarded onto flights operated by airlines using the Group’s 
Altéa Inventory and, in some cases, Altéa Departure Control solutions. 
PMS or Property Management System refers to a hotel administration system used for a variety of functions like 
occupancy management, check-in/out, guest profiles or report generation, etc. 
PNR or passenger name record refers to a record of passengers’ travel requirements containing all the necessary 
information to enable reservations to be processed and controlled by the travel provider. Each PNR contains 
information like passenger name, itinerary, contact details or ticketing. 
PSS or Passenger Service System refers to a series of mission-critical IT systems used by airlines. The PSS usually 
comprises a reservation system, an inventory system and a DCS. 
SaaS or Software as a Service refers to software that is licensed on a subscription basis, rather than bought and 
installed in individual computers. The software is centrally hosted by the provider. 
Sabre refers to Sabre Inc., an international GDS provider to the travel industry.  
SAS refers to SAS AB (formerly Scandinavian Airline System, an international airline with its headquarters in 
Stockholm (Sweden)). 
TMC or Travel Management Company refers to a travel agency specialised in corporate travel and related services 
for corporations.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
TOPAS refers to Topas Co., Ltd., a local CRS provider to the travel industry operating in South Korea. 
Travelport refers to Travelport Limited, an international GDS provider to the travel industry. 
TravelSky refers to TravelSky Technology Limited, a local CRS provider to the travel industry operating in China. 
Western Europe refers to Western Europe comprising Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, the Faroe Islands, 
Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Greenland, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Martinique, 
Mayotte, Norway, Portugal, La Réunion, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, The Netherlands and the UK. 
XML refers to a computer system for formatting documents in a manner that is both human-readable and machine 
readable.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
1. 
the management review of the Issuer for the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 (the Q1 
Management Review) prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and which has not been audited 
available 
at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2023/quarterly-results/q1-
2023/q1-2023-management-review.pdf; 
2. 
the translated English language audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU (including the notes thereto 
and the independent auditors’ report thereon) and the Consolidated Directors’ Report of the Issuer as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (together, the Issuer 2022 Annual Report) available at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2022/quarterly-results/q4-22/fy2022-
consolidated-accounts.pdf;  
3. 
the translated English language audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU (including the notes thereto 
and the independent auditors’ report thereon) and the Consolidated Directors’ Report of the Issuer as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (together, the Issuer 2021 Annual Report) available at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2021/quarterly-results/q4/fy2021-
consolidated-accounts.pdf;  
4. 
section 3 (Presentation of financial information) set out on pages 98 to 104 of the Consolidated 
Directors’ Report of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 
Consolidated 
Directors’ 
Report) 
available 
at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2019/financial-information/quarterly-
financial-information/q4-2019/fy2019-consolidated-accounts.pdf; 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 48 to 79 of the base prospectus dated 4 
August 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the 
2020 
Conditions) 
available 
at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2020/debt/base-prospectus-bonds-
august2020.pdf; 
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 54 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 9 July 
2019 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the 2019 
Conditions) available at https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2019/debt/emtn-
july-2019.pdf;  
7. 
the supplement dated 22 August 2018 to the base prospectus dated 21 December 2017 (the 2018 
Supplement) available at https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2018/financial-
information/debt-and-rating/supplement-prospectus-base-180822.pdf; and 
8. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 53 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 21 
December 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
(the 2017 Conditions) available at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/documents/en/investors/2017/debt-and-rating/amadeus-emtn-base-
prospectus-oct2017.pdf.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the Q1 Management Review, the Issuer 2022 
Annual Report, the Issuer 2021 Annual Report and the 2019 Consolidated Directors’ Report: 
Q1 Management Review 
Page reference 
Summary 
3-5 
Business highlights 
6-9 
Presentation of financial information 
10-11 
Group income statement 
14-21 
Other financial information 
22-26 
Investor information 
27-28 
Annex 
29-31 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
Issuer 2022 Annual Report 
Page reference 
Independent Auditors’ report 
3-8 
Consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
10-11 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
12 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
13-14 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
15 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
16-81 
Appendix: Summary of the consolidated companies and joint ventures 
and associates 
82-94 
Consolidated directors’ report 
95-133 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
Issuer 2021 Annual Report 
Page reference 
Independent Auditors’ report 
3-9 
Consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
11-12 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
14-15 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
16

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
17-90 
Appendix: Summary of the consolidated companies and joint ventures 
and associates 
91-100 
Consolidated directors’ report 
102-141 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
 
Issuer 2019 Consolidated Directors’ Report 
Page reference 
Presentation of financial information 
98-104 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
 
2018 Supplement 
Page reference 
Amendments to Terms and Conditions 
8 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf file. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://corporate.amadeus.com/en/investors/financial-information/bonds. 
Translations in English have been translated from the original Spanish language, and such translations 
constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any discrepancy, the 
Spanish language version of the relevant document prevails. 
Any statement contained in a document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement.  In addition, any statement contained herein or in a 
document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, or in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of such 
supplement, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The parts of the documents that are not listed in the cross-reference list and therefore not incorporated by 
reference, are either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes.  In 
relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in this Base Prospectus as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus in relation to such Tranche of Notes only.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the Temporary Global 
Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Global Note) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(NGN) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg and together with Euroclear, 
the ICSDs) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the ECB) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” 
of the central banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by the 
ICSDs as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through the ICSDs after 31 
December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the TEFRA C Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the TEFRA D Rules) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if TEFRA is not applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that 
in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed 
the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes) if either of 
the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the Conditions and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, unless the relevant 
Final Terms specify that TEFRA is not applicable, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and 
any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme:  Amadeus IT Group, S.A. (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the Notes). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a 
final terms (the Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions).  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 24 
May 2023 (the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch as 
fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes, each a Paying Agent (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent)). 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 24 May 2023 executed 
and delivered by the Issuer in relation to the Notes (the Deed of Covenant). 
(e) 
Public Deed of Issuance:  If required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the Public Deed of Issuance) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes on or 
prior to the Issue Date of the Notes.  The Public Deed of Issuance will contain, among other 
information, the terms and conditions of the Notes.  
(f) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to ‘Notes’ are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the 
Noteholders) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the Couponholders and the 
Coupons, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
2006 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
A Change of Control shall occur in the event that any Person or number of Persons acting in 
concert: 
(a) 
acquires or holds the right to exercise more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable 
at a general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whether by the ownership of share capital or the possession of voting power, contract or 
otherwise, acquires or has the ability, directly or indirectly, to appoint or dismiss all or the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer; 
Change of Control Period means the period (i) beginning on the earlier of (x) the date of the first 
public announcement or statement of the Issuer, any person acting on behalf of the Issuer, any actual 
or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any 
potential Change of Control or (y) the date of the first public announcement of the Change of 
Control having occurred, and (ii) ending on the 120th day (inclusive) after the occurrence of the 
relevant Change of Control; 
Clearstream, Luxembourg means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
Discount Rate will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified under “Early Redemption Amount” in the relevant Final Terms, or as 
determined in accordance with these Conditions; 
EURIBOR means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
European Money Markets Institute (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor); 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV;  
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;  
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of 
a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such higher 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Financial Adviser means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Group means Amadeus IT Group, S.A. and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the capitalised amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; and 
(d) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale 
or purchase agreement or the sale of receivables and other assets on a “with recourse” basis); 
in each case required by the applicable generally accepted accounting principles to be shown as a 
borrowing in the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Group; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if 
the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Make-whole Exemption Period will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Material Subsidiary means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net assets represent not 
less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the Group as calculated by reference to the 
then latest audited or unaudited accounts of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Group, or (b) whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated gross revenues of the Group as calculated by reference to the then latest audited or 
unaudited accounts of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Group; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Moody’s means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Participating Member State means a Member State of the European Economic Area which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
Payment Business Day means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, a day on which banks in the relevant 
place of presentation are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities 
and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Economic Area as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Fiscal Agent by any Noteholder 
of a Definitive Note wanting to exercise a right to redeem such Definitive Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means any of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P), Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch) and/or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, any of its 
successors or affiliates, which has a current rating of the Issuer or of the Notes, as the case may be, 
at any relevant time; 
A Rating Downgrade shall occur in respect of a Change of Control if: 
(a) 
within the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to the Issuer or to the 
Notes, as the case may be, by any Rating Agency immediately prior to the Change of 
Control is:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(i) 
withdrawn (other than for administrative reasons of the Rating Agency); or 
(ii) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB by S&P or Fitch/Baa3 by Moody’s, 
or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment 
grade rating (BB+ by S&P or Fitch /Ba1 by Moody’s, or their respective equivalents 
for the time being, or worse); or 
(iii) 
if any such rating was below investment grade rating (as described above), lowered 
one full notch (for example, from BB+ by S&P or Fitch /Ba1 by Moody’s to BB by 
S&P or Fitch/Ba2 by Moody’s, or their respective equivalents);  
or 
(b) 
at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Issuer or the Notes, as the case may 
be, have not been rated and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period: 
(i) 
an investment grade rating (as described above) to the Issuer or the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the event that a Rating Agency does not assign an investment grade rating to the 
Issuer or the Notes after having been requested to do so, a rating at least equal to the 
lowest rating assigned to the Issuer or the Notes, as the case may be, at the time of 
withdrawal of the last of the ratings of the Issuer or the Notes prior to such Change 
of Control (the Latest Available Rating); 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in 
rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if 
the Rating Agency referred to in (a) or (b) above making the reduction in rating to which 
this definition would otherwise apply does not announce or publicly confirm, or inform the 
Issuer in writing, that the reduction, withdrawal or failure to assign an investment grade 
rating or a rating at least equal to the Latest Available Rating was the result of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of 
Control; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), 
the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate;  
Reference Bond shall mean the bond so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of 
redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than 
the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer or its 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and its successors, or (b) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the 
Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Rate means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders;  
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market);

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Remaining Term Interest means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note to (i) the Maturity Date, or 
(ii) if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
first day of the Residual Maturity Call Option Period, in each case determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
Reserved Matter means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or 
the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change 
the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
Substantial Part means an aggregate amount equal to or greater than 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
value of the consolidated assets or of the consolidated net revenues of the Group, as calculated on 
the basis of the latest audited or unaudited consolidated publicly available consolidated financial 
statements of the Group preceding the date of the event described in Condition 13(e) (Events of 
Default––Security enforced); 
Substantial Purchase Event means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes is purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of 
the Issuer (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 10(k) (Cancellation));

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
T2 Settlement Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
Thomson Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corporation; 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
If the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation––Definitions) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by 
delivery.  The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes issued by the Issuer constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer and upon the declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer Group by a 
Spanish insolvency court, the credit rights of the Noteholders of such Notes against the Issuer 
(subject to any applicable legal and statutory exceptions or unless they qualify as subordinated credit 
rights under Article 281.1 of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (as amended from time to time, including, without 
limitation, by virtue of Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the Spanish Insolvency Law) or equivalent 
legal provisions which may replace it in the future) rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among such obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer of the 
same issue and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated, unprivileged and unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer, present or future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to the Notes issued by the Issuer (unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits under 
Article 281.1º of the Spanish Insolvency Law, or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the 
future, and subject to any applicable legal and statutory exceptions) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law.  Ordinary credits rank below credits 
against the insolvency state (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos 
privilegiados).  Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits.  The accrual of interest shall be 
suspended as of the date of declaration of the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer.  Accrued and 
unpaid interest due in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer at the commencement of an 
insolvency proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or 
any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes 
as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, provided that any Material 
Subsidiary acquired after 21 November 2014 may have an outstanding Security Interest with respect 
to Relevant Indebtedness of such Material Subsidiary so long as: 
(i) 
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which such Material Subsidiary 
became a Subsidiary, was not created in contemplation of such Material Subsidiary 
becoming a Subsidiary and does not extend to any assets or property of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the nominal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness (or indemnity in respect of such Relevant 
Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such Material Subsidiary became a 
Subsidiary. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments).  
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it 
will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which €STR or any 
related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA 
Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date.  
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as being applicable: 
(A) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
“€STR”. 
(ii) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in: 
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
do means the number of T2 Settlement Days in: 
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the €STR reference rate, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate (€STR) for such T2 Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on 
the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as 
otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the T2 Settlement Day immediately following 
such T2 Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
€STRi means the €STR reference rate for:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the T2 
Settlement Day falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the relevant T2 Settlement Day 
“i”; or 
(b) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant T2 Settlement Day “i”; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant T2 Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Settlement Day in: 
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last T2 Settlement Day in such period; 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” 
T2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable); 
ni for any T2 Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such T2 Settlement Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the following T2 Settlement Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
p for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
T2 Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five T2 Business 
Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(ii) above, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of 
such T2 Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding T2 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European 
Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(h) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(i) 
Notifications, etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent 
Adviser determining, no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 8(a)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
8(b)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(c) below). 
(ii) In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 8. 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 8(b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8); or 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(b)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8). 
Provided that, if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out 
in Condition 7 and the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be, shall continue to apply. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the proviso to this Condition 8(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8(a). 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 8 the Independent Adviser determines: (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Paying Agent shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(d), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to this Condition 8(c)). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8(c), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes 
or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 8(c) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8(c), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 8 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Certificate 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)  
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8; and 
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) any 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on 
such certificate (without liability to any person) without any further enquiry as sufficient evidence 
thereof, and shall not be obliged to verify whether the same contains a manifest error or whether the 
Issuer has acted in bad faith. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.   
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) or Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as 
to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not 
doing so.   
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8(a) to (e), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7 and the relevant Final Terms, as the 
case may be, will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 8. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 8, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either (A) a spread or quantum (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or (B) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or; 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such spread, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with (i) to (iii) 
above, the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, 
so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (iv) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to the Noteholders. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 8 is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
generally, or in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) 
no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Original Reference Rate. 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above and the specified future date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future 
date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own 
expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8, 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate(as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if (1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 10(b).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed; and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the 
Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as 
applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption 
Period, the Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed. 
(d) 
Residual maturity call option: If the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their 
principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, 
which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a 
maturity of not more than ten years, (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes 
having a maturity of more than ten years or (iii) as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the Residual Maturity Call Option Period). 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(d). 
(e) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption and Purchase––Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and 
in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, 
the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption and Purchase––Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:  
(i) 
Put Option – General:  If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant notice given by any holder of a

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Note to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
(ii) 
Put Option – Change of Control:  If the Change of Control Put Option is specified in the 
Final Terms, then if, at any time while any Note remains outstanding: 
(A) 
there occurs a Change of Control; and  
(B) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change 
of Control occurs ((A) and (B) together, a Change of Control Put Event),  
each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control Put Option) to require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes of that Noteholder on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant notice given by any holder of a Note to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) at their principal amount together with accrued interest to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Put). 
(iii) 
Notice of Change of Control:  Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of 
Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer, shall give notice (a Change of Control Put 
Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it, as well as 
the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
(iv) 
Exercise of Put Option:  In order to exercise either of the options contained in this 
Condition 10(f), the holder of a Note must, if the Note is in definitive form and held outside 
of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), deposit with the Fiscal Agent such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from the Fiscal Agent.  The Fiscal Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(f), 
may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Fiscal Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by 
such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by the Fiscal Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 10(f), the depositor of such Note and not the Fiscal Agent 
shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
If the Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in order to exercise either of the options contained 
in this Condition 10(f) the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Fiscal 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in 
the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole, 
but not in part, at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(g). 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(h) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation:  All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph 
(a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed a Fiscal Agent outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Fiscal Agent will be able to make payment 
of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, 
(ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of such Fiscal Agent is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is then

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
permitted by applicable United States law without involving in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will 
be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due 
for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal 
due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment 
is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase––Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase––Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(d) (Redemption and Purchase––
Residual maturity call option), Condition 10(f) (Redemption and Purchase––Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), Condition 10(g) (Redemption and Purchase––Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event) or Condition 12 (Taxation), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If the Fiscal Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, it will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, 
if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges (collectively, 
the Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Spain, or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax (each a Taxing Authority), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which 
such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of the Issuer not having received in a timely manner a duly 
executed and completed certificate required in order to comply with Spanish Law 
10/2014 of 26 June, on supervision and solvency of credit entities (Law 10/2014) as 
well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, regulating tax management and 
inspection activities and procedures (as amended by the Spanish Royal Decree 
1145/2011, of 29 July, which is in force as from 31 July 2011) (RD 1065/2007); or 
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of the Issuer, or the Fiscal Agent on its behalf, should the 
exemption of Law 10/2014 not be applicable, not having received in a timely 
manner a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the 
country of tax residence of the beneficial owner of the Notes confirming that the 
Noteholder is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union 
or in a State of the European Economic Area provided that there is an effective 
exchange of tax information under the terms provided for in section 4 of the first 
additional provision of Law 36/2006, of 29 November, on measures for the 
prevention of tax fraud, not considered as a non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant to 
Spanish law, other than Spain; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes 
provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain on interest and within the 
meaning of the referred tax treaty; as it is required by the applicable tax laws and 
regulations of the relevant Taxing Authority as a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by such relevant 
Taxing Authority; or 
(iv) 
more than 15 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 15 
days. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of a Note or Coupon for, or on 
account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any amended or successor version thereto, any 
current or future regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations 
thereof or any law, fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, guidance or practices 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the 
due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes in 
each case within five days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer or Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as 
the case may be) within any applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a 
result of an event of default, howsoever described;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds at any time €100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or  
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment:  one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (from which no further appeal or 
judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment of an aggregate amount 
in excess of €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered 
against any of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, over the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries or, if over less than the whole of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues, then provided that such undertaking, assets and revenues represents a Substantial 
Part; or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of any of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any 
such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any 
action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations generally or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or 
declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all 
of its business (in each case, otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an arm’s-
length disposal to one or more third parties, an amalgamation, a reorganisation or a 
restructuring, in each case whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than for 
the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst 
solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action, etc:  any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes (ii) to ensure that 
those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and 
the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, 
fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its material obligations under or in respect of the Notes;  
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the paying agent having its specified office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to 
all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  
Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Fiscal 
Agent acts solely as agents of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and its initial Specified Office is listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and to appoint a successor Fiscal Agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a paying 
agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Fiscal Agent or in its Specified Office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. A 
modification of any of these Conditions in accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) does not need to be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders in 
order to be effective. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding who for the time being are entitled to

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement 
may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Note is held in 
its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such 
publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective 
rules and operating procedures.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and shall be given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose.  
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which 
the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
second currency) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to 
it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being 
rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated 
in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) which is 
governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Condition 22(b) (Governing Law 
and Jurisdiction––English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only.  As a result, nothing in 
this Condition 22 prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may 
take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to the Issuer’s agent for service of process at Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited 
of 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom or at any address of the Issuer 
in England at which service of process may be served on it.  If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer appoint a 
further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed 
to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent.  Nothing in 
this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance/ Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (UK) by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
 
1  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes [are] [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
AMADEUS IT GROUP, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9598004A3FTY3TEHHN09 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2017/2019/2020] 
Conditions (the Conditions) incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2023.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2023 [and 
the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
Base Prospectus) for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [21 December 2017 [and in the supplement dated 22 August 2018]/9 July 
2019/4 August 2020] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
 
2  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP 
Regulations 2018.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (ww.luxse.com). 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of 
notes with which the new issuance is fungible, 
including series number, aggregate nominal 
amount and issue date] on [[⚫]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 20 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [⚫]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [⚫]] (if applicable) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] 
No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency) and Notes must be issued in 
integral multiples of the specified minimum 
denomination  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
[⚫][⚫] [EURIBOR/€STR] +/– [⚫] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [⚫]/[100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[Put Option]  
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
[See paragraph [16/17/18/19/20 below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date of [Board] approval for the issuance of 
Notes]: 
[⚫] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Unmatured Coupons: 
[Condition 11(f) (Payments––Unmatured Coupons 
void) applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal Agent]): 
[⚫] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫][⚫] [EURIBOR/€STR] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [⚫] T2 Settlement Days/Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [⚫] T2 Settlement Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
• 
D: 
[360/[⚫]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[⚫]/[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the fifth decimal place) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/(select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e)) [⚫]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
[T2 Settlement Days] prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[⚫] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
• 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [⚫] Applicable Business Days] 
 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [⚫] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [⚫]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
• 
Averaging: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [⚫] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [⚫] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [⚫]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
(x) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period) 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero]/[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫]  
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
(iii) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[⚫]  
Redemption Margin: 
[⚫]  
Financial Adviser: 
[⚫]  
Quotation Time: 
[⚫]  
(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [⚫] to (but 
excluding) [⚫]/the Maturity Date]] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Zero]/[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] days/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
Residual Maturity Call Option Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[As per Condition 10(d)]/[⚫] 
18. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫]days/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount] 
[(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫] days/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
20. 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note:  
[⚫]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[⚫]/[Par] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end 
dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 14(v) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[⚫] has been extracted from [⚫].  [The Issuer] confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Signed on behalf of AMADEUS IT GROUP, S.A.: 
 
By: 
 ............................................. 
Duly authorised 
By: 
 ............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[⚫].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[⚫].] 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[The regulated market of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[⚫]] with effect from [⚫].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[The regulated market of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[⚫]] 
with 
effect 
from 
[⚫].] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not applicable.]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated]: 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [⚫]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)(Insert one (or more) 
of the following options, as applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the 
EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation). A 
list of registered credit rating agencies is published

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
at the European Securities and Market Authority's 
website: www.esma.europa.eu.  
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the 
EU and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
CRA Regulation), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the 
EU and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in 
the EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating 
agency), which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation). A list of registered 
credit rating agencies is published at the European 
Securities 
and 
Market 
Authority's 
website: 
www.esma.europa.eu.  
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in 
the EU but is certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended (the CRA Regulation).  
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in 
the EU and is not certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended (the CRA Regulation) 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.]  
[[●] [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). 
[●] [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in a 
third country but the rating it has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation. 
 
[●] [Insert legal name of particular credit rating

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
agency entity providing rating] is established in a 
third country but is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]/[⚫] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
THE USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
Use of proceeds: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
section 
in 
Base 
Prospectus]/[Give details] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum /[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do not constitute “package 
products” but a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
no key information document will be prepared and 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do not constitute “package 
products” but a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
no key information document will be prepared and 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Group: 
(a)  
for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of financial indebtedness. In particular, net 
proceeds might be used to refinance the Issuer’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ existing bank facilities 
which certain of the Dealers have participations in; or 
(b) 
as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the relevant Final Terms in the 
section entitled “The Use and Estimated Net Amount of the Proceeds”.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions to a “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an Accountholder) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of the ICSDs and any other relevant clearing system from time to time.  For 
so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to the Global Note.  
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and 
in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, Payment Business Day shall be (i) if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, (ii) if the currency of payment is not euro, 
any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase––Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within 
the period specified in the Conditions give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.  
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the ICSDs (to be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is 
(or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation and Status 
Amadeus IT Group, S.A. (Amadeus IT Group or the Issuer) was incorporated on 4 February 2005 and 
operates under the laws of Spain as a public limited company (sociedad anónima) and is registered at the 
Companies Register of Madrid under volume (tomo) 20972, sheet (folio) 82, page (hoja) M-371900.  Its 
registered office is calle Salvador de Madariaga 1, 28027 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is +34 91 
582 0100.  
The general shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer, held on 24 June 2016, approved the merger by absorption of 
the entity that was known as Amadeus IT Group, S.A. by the Issuer under the terms and conditions of the 
joint plan for the merger that was filed with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional 
del Mercado de Valores) as a regulatory announcement on 14 March 2016 (with registered number 236263). 
The remaining entity, the Issuer, was renamed Amadeus IT Group, S.A. pursuant to such resolutions and the 
public deed (escritura pública) executed before a Spanish public notary and registered with the Commercial 
Registry of Madrid on 1 and 2 August 2016, respectively. Amadeus IT Group, S.A. was formerly known as 
Amadeus IT Holding, S.A. prior to the merger on 2 August 2016. 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €4,504,992.05 represented 
by 450,499,205 shares with a nominal value of €0.01 per share. The shares of the Issuer were admitted to 
trading on 29 April 2010 and are traded on the Spanish electronic trading system (mercado continuo) on the 
four Spanish Stock Exchanges (Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia). The shares of the Issuer form part 
of the IBEX 35 index. 
Principal Shareholders  
As of 22 May 2023, according to the information disclosed on the webpage of the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional de Mercado de Valores), the Issuer’s largest shareholders were Blackrock 
Inc. (with a shareholding of 5.249 per cent.), Massachusetts Financial Services Company (5.090 per cent.) 
and Capital Research and Management Company (5.032 per cent.).  
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled “Description of the Group – 
History” in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled “Description of the 
Group – Principal activities” in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
William Connelly 
Chairperson 
Non-executive Chairperson of 
the Supervisory Board of Aegon 
NV and Director of Société 
Générale Group 
Francesco Loredan4 
Vice-Chairperson 
Director of Oneiros 
Investments, S.A., Vice-
Chairperson of White Bridge 
Investments SPA (and Director 
of some of its investment 
portfolio in QC Terme, S.R.L. 
and Nutkao, S.R.L.), Director of 
White Bridge Investments II 
SPA (and Chairman of its 
investment portfolio in Akeron 
S.R.L.), Director of Pictet UK, 
LTD., Alternative Advisors, 
S.A. and Director of Spring, 
S.A. 
Xiaoqun Clever 
Director 
Director of Capgemini SE, 
Director of BHP Group LTD. 
and member of the Supervisory 
Board of Infineon Technologies 
AG 
Pilar García Ceballos-Zúñiga 
Director 
Director of Renta 4 Banco, 
President of the Board of 
Trustees of Caja de 
Extremadura Foundation and 
Vice-President of the Spanish 
Association of Foundations 
Jana Eggers 
Director 
CEO of Nara Logics, Inc. 
Luis Maroto Camino 
CEO 
Director of Dufry AG 
Peter Kürpick 
Director 
Senior Vice-President of EPAM 
Systems in Berlin and non-
executive advisor of PTV 
Stephan Gemkow 
Director 
Director of Flughafen Zürich 
AG, Director of Airbus SE and 
Senior Advisor for the BNP 
Paribas Group in Germany, 
Chairman of the Advisory 
Board of DAL Deutsche Afrika-
Linien GmbH, Member of the 
Advisory Board of Spencer 
Stuart Germany and Member of 
the Supervisory Board of C.D. 
 
4 Francesco Loredan will step down from the Board of Directors in June 2023.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Waelzholz GmbH & Co. KG 
Amanda Mesler 
Director 
Executive Chairman & CEO of 
Minna Technologies, Director 
of Vodeno Group and Senior 
Advisor of Macquarie Capital 
Eriikka Söderström 
Director 
Director of Valmet Oyj, 
Director of Bekaert and Director 
of Kempower Oyj  
David Vegara Figueras 
Director 
Executive Director of Banco 
Sabadell, S.A.  
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors at the date of this Base Prospectus is 
calle Salvador de Madariaga 1, 28027 Madrid, Spain. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Based on the representations of the Issuer’s Directors, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
believes there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Directors of the Issuer to 
the Issuer and its private interests or other duties.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Please refer to the section entitled “Glossary” for the meaning of certain technical and industry terms. 
Organisational Structure  
The parent company of the Group is the Issuer. 
The chart below shows a simplified structure of the Group including the Issuer and other major subsidiaries:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
History  
Foundation and Corporate History. The former parent company of the Group, Amadeus GTD, was 
founded in July 1988 by Air France, Iberia, Lufthansa Commercial Holding and SAS AB (SAS) as a GDS 
provider.  Over ten years later, in October 1999, Amadeus GTD conducted an initial public offering of its 
shares, which were admitted to listing and trading on the Madrid, Paris and Frankfurt stock exchanges.  After 
nearly six years of trading, private equity funds advised by BC Partners and Cinven completed their 
acquisition of a majority stake in mid-2005 and took Amadeus GTD private, creating the Issuer. In 2010, the 
Issuer conducted a second initial public offering, raising €1.32 billion, which was one of the largest initial 
public offering in terms of capital raised at that time. 
Establishment of the Development Function and Operations Platform. Development of the Group’s 
GDS platform began in 1987 and, in September 1988, the software design and development centre opened at 
Sophia Antipolis, near Nice (France). The Group’s distribution business area was launched in 1992 and, 
since then, its product offering has continued to evolve. In 1996, the Group began to use the Internet as a 
medium of distribution and, the following year, further foundations were laid for next-generation technology 
by commencing the migration to open systems architecture, which was completed in 2017. The Group has 
primarily grown its product development capabilities through organic expansion at the Sophia Antipolis 
primary product development centre and at the regional development centres, such as the one in London 
(UK), opened in 2000 and the one in Bangalore (India), opened in 2008, which have become increasingly 
important to product development efforts. Additionally, through certain selective acquisitions of niche 
businesses, the Group also has product development activities in, among other places, Aachen (Germany), 
Antwerp (Belgium), Bogota (Colombia), Boston (United States), Sydney (Australia), Toronto (Canada) and 
Warsaw (Poland).  
OUTPAYCE, S.A. (Spain) 
100% 
AMADEUS S.A.S. (Sophia Antipolis/France) 
100% 
AMADEUS DATA PROCESSING GmbH (Erding/Germany) 
100% 
AMADEUS IT GROUP, S.A. 
Core companies 
25 Non  
Majority- 
owned entities 
AMADEUS CONTENT SOURCING, S.A. (Spain) 
101 Majority- 
owned 
entities 
100%

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
The data centre in Erding, near Munich (Germany), was established in 1989 and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group’s global operations are supported by strategic ‘Follow-the-Sun’ centres in Australia, 
Germany, India, the United States and the UK, which, along with the Erding data centre, provide 24-hour, 
seven-day-a-week, around-the-globe support for operations. The Group delivers its services to customers 
from many locations, delivering continuous availability, sub-second response times, flexibility of 
deployment and advanced security through a combination of its privately-owned data centre, private clouds 
in remote locations and public clouds.  
Development of Air Travel Distribution Solutions. The Group’s GDS platform became fully operational 
on 7 January 1992, based on the application of software System One, acquired from Continental Airlines in 
1995, the reservation system of Eastern Airlines at that time. Since then, the Group’s GDS platform has 
expanded to other travel providers beyond airlines and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, includes hotels, 
car rental companies, rail, ferry, cruise and insurance providers. Amadeus has continuously focused on two 
of the main features that it believes makes it unique and competitive: 
▪ 
Geographical reach. During the second half of the 1990s, Amadeus established national marketing 
companies in principal markets around the world, with the main objectives of commercialising the 
Group’s GDS platform and providing technical support to travel sellers in local markets. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Group maintains customer operations through local Amadeus 
Commercial Organisations (ACOs), covering more than 190 countries, and which are an important 
component of the Group’s focus on value, offering the possibility to travel providers of expanding 
their distribution globally while only incurring variable costs linked to the bookings processed.  
The local ACOs are supported by various regional centres (the main centres are located in Bangkok, 
Dubai and Miami) that provide commercial management, customer support and development of 
products for their respective regions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, more than 83 per cent. 
of the ACOs are fully-owned companies of the Group. 
▪ 
Technological expertise. From the initial development of the Group’s GDS platform, to the 
diversification strategy to airline IT and the migration to open systems, the Group has always 
focused on R&D, which lies at the core of Amadeus’ business.  
Expansion into Airline IT Solutions. In 2000, Amadeus expanded its IT solutions portfolio beyond its GDS 
platform, with an initial focus on airline IT, through the development of the Altéa PSS platform. The Altéa 
Suite is a community platform that is shared by its users. Customers benefit from a number of advantages, 
including, among other things, common development costs, continuous development of the platform that 
offers access to the latest technologies and reduced costs of the migration of systems. British Airways and 
Qantas Airways were the first Altéa customers, signing long-term agreements for the full Altéa Suite in 
2000. The Amadeus airline IT solutions business expanded quickly and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, has over 200 airline IT customers.  
Diversification and Acquisitions. Over the last decade, Amadeus has diversified its business, providing 
technology solutions to key sectors in the travel industry, such as airports and hospitality as well as 
transversal operational areas, such as payment systems and travel advertising. This strategy has been 
supported by various acquisitions in each of these sectors. 
In the airline IT unit, Amadeus completed the acquisition of Navitaire, a leading technology provider to the 
low-cost airlines industry, from Accenture for €760.1 million in 2016. In addition, in 2019, Amadeus 
acquired the network planning software from Optym. 
The airport IT unit was strengthened with the acquisitions of UFIS Airport Solutions in 2014, AirIT in 2015 
and ICM in 2019. UFIS offers specific expertise, accelerating the diversification of Amadeus into the airport 
IT sector. AirIT has a strong presence in the US, with its property and revenue management solutions for 
airports, while ICM is a company specialised in passenger automation systems.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
In line with the Group’s strategy of bringing together the key components of the hotel technology 
infrastructure into one guest-centric platform, the Group has announced a number of acquisitions in recent 
years. In December 2013, Amadeus acquired Newmarket International for US$500 million, a leading 
provider to the hotel industry of cloud-based group and event IT solutions, including sales optimisation and 
catering. In 2015, it acquired Itesso, a provider of cloud-native property management solutions and Hotel 
SystemPro, a provider of sales, catering and services optimisation software to the hotel and hospitality 
industry. On 4 October 2018, Amadeus completed the acquisition of TravelClick, Inc (TravelClick) for 
€1,334.5 million. TravelClick provides innovative cloud-based solutions, including a central reservation 
system and a guest management solution specifically designed for independent and mid-sized hotels, as well 
as business intelligence and media solutions. These acquisitions aim to create a hospitality IT leader 
providing a broad range of innovative technology to hotels and chains of all sizes across the globe. 
In the area of travel management solutions for corporations, Amadeus acquired a majority stake in i:FAO 
Group in 2014, a leading provider of travel management technology solutions for corporations in Germany. 
On 24 October 2018, Amadeus completed the acquisition of 70 per cent. of the shares in Argo IT 
Tecnologia, S.A., a provider of corporate IT solutions in Latin America. 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP 
Business lines 
Amadeus is a technology provider for the global travel and tourism industry, providing advanced technology 
solutions to travel providers and travel sellers worldwide. Amadeus has built a global technology network 
providing comprehensive real-time search, pricing, booking, ticketing and other processing solutions to 
travel providers and travel sellers. Amadeus also offers travel providers (today, mainly airlines, hotels and 
airports) an extensive portfolio of technology solutions which facilitate mission-critical business processes, 
such as reservations, inventory management or departure control. 
Business model 
Amadeus operates principally a transaction-based business model. The Group’s revenue is mainly linked to 
global travel volumes rather than travel spending, thus reducing the volatility of its results of operations. This 
transaction-based pricing allows customers to convert certain of their large, long-term investments in 
technology infrastructure into variable costs that vary with passenger volumes.  
Customers 
Amadeus has two key categories of customers: (i) travel providers, including airlines, hotels, airports, rail 
operators, cruise and ferry operators, car rental companies, tour operators, and insurance companies, and (ii) 
travel sellers, including online and offline travel agencies (such as travel management companies (TMCs), 
specialised in corporate travel). The Group also provides, to a more limited extent, products and services to 
travel buyers, including corporate travel departments.  
Synergies between the Group’s business lines  
The primary component of the Group’s distribution business line is its GDS platform, which connects travel 
providers including airlines, hotel properties, car rental companies, rail and cruise operators to travel sellers 
worldwide. Amadeus has leveraged its GDS customer network to grow its IT solutions offering, particularly 
in the area of airline IT and hospitality. A significant component of the Group’s IT solutions offering is its 
PSS platform (Altéa Suite and New Skies), which facilitates reservations, inventory, departure control and e-
commerce functionalities for the Group’s airline customers. 
Strategic partnership with Microsoft  
On 26 February 2021, Amadeus announced the establishment of a global strategic partnership with the 
American multinational technology company Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft). This partnership was

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
created with the aim of fostering innovation, exploring new products and enhancing travel experience by 
means of a shift from Amadeus’ technical platform to cloud technology. 
Through this strategic partnership with Microsoft, Amadeus aims to achieve increased flexibility to scale its 
operational capacity in accordance with market and demand conditions, improving the resiliency of its 
solutions and services to customers and redefining the delivery of new technologies, whilst increasing the 
security of systems and data. 
Overview of the Group’s Business Performance During the Twelve-Month Period Ended 31 December 
2022 
During the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s business was positively affected by 
the acceleration in the travel industry’s pace of recovery. 
Amadeus’ Air Distribution bookings amounted to 396.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
representing 68.3 per cent. of bookings for the year ended 31 December 2019 (an increase of 92.0 per cent. 
when compared to the same period in 2021). 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the number of passengers boarded amounted to 1,539.5 million, 
representing 77.2 per cent. of passengers boarded year ended 31 December 2019 (an increase of 81.4 per 
cent. when compared to the same period in 2021). 
For year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s revenue and EBITDA amounted to €4,485.9 million and 
€1,640.3 million, respectively, reaching 80.5 per cent. and 73.5 per cent. of their respective 2019 levels. 
Furthermore, the Group’s adjusted profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 reached 58.8  per cent. of 
2019 levels. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s net financial debt was €2,406.5 million. 
Principal Activities 
Distribution offering 
Amadeus provides a global technology network that connects travel providers, such as airlines, with travel 
sellers, such as online and offline travel agencies, facilitating the distribution of travel products and services 
through a digital marketplace (the distribution of travel provider products via travel agencies or other third 
parties is referred to as the “indirect channel”). The Group also offers technology solutions that aim to 
improve operational efficiency and customer service, such as desktop and e-commerce platforms and mid- 
and back-office systems, to travel agency customers.  
The Group’s distribution offering operates within a two-sided network model that benefits from a virtuous 
cycle. The more comprehensive and competitive the Group’s travel provider content, the more attractive the 
Group is to travel sellers. Similarly, the more travel seller subscribers the Group has, the more attractive it is 
to travel providers in offering them enhanced global reach.  
Airlines and other travel providers use the Group’s GDS platform to distribute globally and instantaneously 
information regarding their schedules, availability and fares. Online and offline travel agencies are, in turn, 
able to consult this information in real time to plan, book and sell trip itineraries for their customers. 
Additionally, Amadeus offers customers helpdesk support, consulting services, mid- and back-office 
solutions and other services covering indirect distribution functions, such as reporting and training. Amadeus 
has also developed specific corporate self-booking tools for corporations and dedicates significant resources 
annually in R&D projects to continuously improve the efficiency of the GDS platform. An example of an 
R&D project in which Amadeus is investing is in the development of New Distribution Capability with the 
aim to introduce new distribution mechanisms in the industry in order to further expand the Group’s 
offering.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Distribution customer segments 
Amadeus has established a network of customers for its distribution offering, including: 
Airlines. Airlines are the major source of revenue in for the Group’s distribution offering. Amadeus has 
commercial relationships with most network carriers in the world and to a lesser extent with low-cost 
carriers. Low-cost carriers tend to use a higher proportion of their distribution through their direct channel, 
i.e., “airline.com”. Some of the principal customers in terms of bookings processed include: Air France, 
American Airlines, British Airways, Cathay Pacific, Continental Airlines, Delta Airlines, Emirates, Etihad, 
Finnair, Iberia, KLM, Korean Air, Lufthansa, Qantas, Thai Airways, Turkish Airlines and US Airways. 
Leading low-cost carriers include for example EasyJet, Frontier Airlines, Jet Blue, Jin Air, Norwegian Air 
Shuttle, Vueling and WestJet.  
Travel sellers. The Group’s travel seller customers include online and offline travel agencies globally, 
nationally and locally, servicing different customer segments, including both corporate and leisure. Online 
travel agencies, which principally serve the leisure segment, and TMCs, which principally serve the business 
segment, are typically the two largest global travel agency segments of Amadeus. Key travel agency 
customers include American Express Travel, Hogg Robinson, BCD and Carlson Wagonlit Travel (global 
TMCs) and a number of leisure-focused travel agencies, both offline, such as TUI, and online, such as 
Expedia, Odigeo and Ctrip.  
Non-air travel providers. These include hotel properties, rail operators, cruise and ferry companies, car 
rental companies, tour operators and insurance providers. Some of these providers are particularly relevant at 
a local level. Some of the principal customers in this segment include (i) hotel chains, such as 
Intercontinental Hotel Group, Carlson Hospitality Group and Marriott International, (ii) rail operators, such 
as SNCF and Deutsche Bahn and (iii) car rentals, such as Avis and Europcar.  
Corporations. The Group offers integrated travel solutions to corporations on a global scale to manage 
employee business travel arrangements. Corporations increasingly demand end-to-end IT solutions to 
optimise travel management. These include travel policy setting and implementation, compliance control, 
business intelligence, mobile technology for travelers, duty of care or travel expense management. Amadeus 
provides these solutions directly to corporations, through partnerships with TMCs and in cooperation with 
technology partners. 
Distribution business model and pricing 
The Group’s distribution business is based on transactions, with revenue correlated to air traffic volumes and 
the value provided as a distributor rather than air ticket prices. Each time a travel agent processes a booking 
with a travel provider using the Group’s GDS platform, the travel provider is charged a booking fee by 
Amadeus. In turn, the travel agent receives an incentive fee from Amadeus. The incentive varies from 
market to market. In contrast, the pricing of the booking fee is dependent upon the value that the GDS 
platform provides as a distributor. The pricing of the booking fee (global, regional or local) is based on the 
location where the booking is made and the home market of the travel provider. 
IT solutions offering 
Airline IT 
Passenger Service Systems 
The Group provides PSS IT solutions to airlines. These solutions are independent of the distribution channel. 
Therefore, they are used both for passengers booked directly by the airline or through travel sellers.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
The PSS includes three principal modules: 
▪ 
Reservation. This module offers booking functionalities. It enables airline customers to manage 
functionalities like reservations, itinerary changes and ticketing through a single interface.  
▪ 
Inventory. This module helps to create and manage airline schedules, seat capacity, seat mapping 
and associated fares on a flight-by-flight basis. This allows the airline to monitor and control 
availability and reassign passengers in real time.  
▪ 
Departure Control. Departure control helps in many aspects of flight management and customer 
servicing, including, among other things, check-in, issuance of boarding passes, gate control and 
weight and balance of the aircraft so that fuel use is optimised.  
In addition to the principal PSS modules described above, Amadeus has developed a set of additional stand-
alone IT solutions aimed at further improving the operational efficiency of airlines. These include helping 
airlines create, manage and tailor offers, process and service orders, enabling revenue recognition in real 
time through solutions related to ticketing fulfilment, revenue integrity and revenue accounting. Amadeus 
also provides solutions in the areas of disruption management, digital experience for customer engagement, 
loyalty programmes and data analytics as well as direct distribution services, reducing the risk for Amadeus 
of dependency of the indirect channel for distribution related revenues. 
Some of the solutions include those related to customer management that allow tailored offers from the 
airline and a closer relationship between airline and passenger, merchandising solutions, passenger 
rescheduling solutions in cases of flight disruptions that optimise decision making speed and take into 
consideration customer itinerary and overall value for the airline. The Group’s airline cloud availability has 
also been successful, helping airlines manage the exponential growth in online transactions. 
Each of the Group’s stand-alone IT solutions has been designed to integrate fully with Amadeus PSS 
solutions, but they can also be used on a stand-alone basis, with other in-house or third-party systems.  
The Group’s PSS solutions offer a high degree of flexibility through a modular approach by which airlines 
can select the specific solutions that suit their particular needs through a community-based platform where 
all of its airline customers share the applications on a single system hosted by Amadeus. The PSS is 
upgraded when necessary to incorporate new industry standards and improvements, saving individual IT 
costs for the airline customers. 
In addition, Amadeus offers consultancy services to assist customers during the migration of their IT 
systems, to provide training to users and also to develop bespoke solutions specific for each airline. 
Customer base 
Amadeus developed its initial PSS solution (Altéa Suite) in 2000 and gained a significant market share 
among large network carriers. In 2016, Amadeus added Navitaire’s New Skies platform to its PSS solutions, 
a PSS particularly focused on low-cost carriers, complementing the Amadeus offering. Consequently, 
Amadeus PSS solutions can serve all types of airlines with different business models, geographies and sizes. 
As at 31 December 2022, 211 airlines had contracted either of Altéa Suite or New Skies, of which 200 
airlines had completed the implementation process. Some carriers using the Group’s PSS solutions include: 
Air France-KLM, Lufthansa, British Airways, Southwest Airlines, Qantas, and Korean Air and also low-cost 
carriers like Air Asia, Indigo, Jetstar, Ryanair, Spirit and Wizz Air. 
The Group also believes that the breadth of its customer base of airlines connected to its GDS platform offers 
a significant opportunity to “cross-sell” its PSS solutions to existing airline customers of the Group’s Air 
Distribution business segment.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Airline IT business model and pricing 
The revenue model of the Group’s PSS business and the additional solutions offered by Amadeus in its 
airline portfolio are transaction-based. This model enables airline customers to convert the fixed costs 
incurred in operating in-house PSS and other solutions into a variable cost that fluctuates in line with the 
number of passengers boarded. The Group’s Digital business also uses a transaction-based revenue model, in 
which a fee is charged for each PNR processed. 
By operating a transaction-based pricing model for the airline IT business segment, the Group’s revenue 
correlates with the number of PBs (in the case the PSS platforms), PNRs (in the case of the digital module) 
and bookings processed (in the case of customers only using the Altéa Reservation module) and is not 
directly linked to customers’ own revenue. Amadeus believes this makes the model more resilient and, while 
the Group’s revenue would be affected by an overall decrease in air traffic volumes, it is not directly affected 
by issues like falling ticket prices or customers downgrading from business class to economy fares. 
Airport IT 
The Group believes that Airport IT is also an important diversification area. The Group sees current trends 
and needs in the Airport IT as representing an opportunity for the Group as airports’ systems need to be 
integrated with multiple airlines’ systems and IT software providers. Additionally, in the opinion of the 
Group’s management’s, more information on passenger flows is needed to optimise airports operation and 
economics, such as improving the operational and environmental efficiency of airports, reducing fuel 
consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and local pollution. The Group believes it can leverage its central 
positions in airlines’ IT systems due to its large portfolio of airlines that have contracted the Group’s PSS 
solutions. In order to accelerate this diversification strategy, the Group decided in February 2014 to acquire 
UFIS Airport Solutions, one of the leading providers of airport information technology. In April 2015, the 
Group decided to acquire Air-Transport IT Services, a property and revenue management solutions provider 
for airports with a strong presence in the US. In 2019, the Group acquired ICM, a company specialised in 
passenger automation systems and self-service bag drop solutions for airports. 
Hospitality IT solutions 
The Group’s hospitality IT solutions provides technology tools for hospitality providers for areas such as 
central reservation systems, property management systems, business intelligence and service optimisation.  
Amadeus operates a guest-centric IT platform that integrates the key components of hotel technology 
infrastructure. Customers can assemble components based on their business needs and they are able to 
benefit from best-of-breed solutions in the industry. The solutions are also designed to accommodate a 
gradual transition from legacy systems as part of an overall change management exercise.  
The main components of the Group’s hospitality platform are: 
▪ 
Central Reservation System. The CRS is the cornerstone of the IT platform and is a cloud solution, 
focused on guest personalisation.  
▪ 
Property Management System. The PMS complements the CRS, as it follows a similar architectural 
pattern and can be commercialised and implemented on a modular basis. The PMS is component-
based and cloud-native. Its design facilitates integration with third-party systems, such as customer 
relationship management, ensuring data coherence and integrity. 
▪ 
Customer profiles. Customer/guest profiles are centrally stored. This permits easier management 
and facilitates tailored interaction with guests. Hotel marketing campaigns can be executed globally, 
nationally, regionally or locally. 
▪ 
Sales and Catering. Sales and Catering (servicing the Meetings, Incentives, Conferences, 
Exhibitions (MICE) business segment) is a leading core solution for hospitality customers that

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
enables the optimisation, marketing and sale of meeting rooms. MICE represents a large proportion 
of the hotel business. The acquisition of Newmarket in 2013 marked an important milestone for 
Amadeus in this segment. 
▪ 
Service optimisation. Service optimisation helps to automate and track preventive maintenance, 
service orders and guest requests. In addition, it aims to optimise workforce time, reduce 
maintenance costs and increase the operational life of assets. 
▪ 
Business Intelligence. Business Intelligence (BI) provides comprehensive data and reports to 
support hotels’ decision-making processes. This solution helps hotels view and understand things, 
such as share of bookings or pricing across channels, based on various data sources from across the 
hotel industry. Media Solutions build and distribute text and graphical adverts to travel agency 
points of sale to influence buyers and generate bookings. Media Solutions and BI serve all types and 
sizes of hotels.  
Hospitality business model and pricing 
These solutions are designed to be used on a SaaS basis. The main component of pricing is transactional. 
This offers an attractive solution for hotels looking to avoid an upfront investment in IT equipment that may 
become obsolete faster than initially planned. Pricing is therefore based on the principle of pay for use and 
value provided, converting customers’ CAPEX into OPEX. Nevertheless, pricing is adapted to the needs of 
customers and, for smaller hotel chains, Amadeus also offers the option of a subscription fee for the use of 
services instead of a transaction fee. 
Payments 
The payments business in the travel industry represents an attractive opportunity for Amadeus. Payments in 
the travel industry are complicated for a number of reasons, particularly as the international nature of travel 
requires travel payment providers to operate globally and as the travel industry offers specific payment 
methods, such as loyalty schemes and specific travel card schemes. Another distinguishing factor of travel 
payments is the long-time gap between paying for a product and having it delivered. This time lag, among 
other things, increases the probability of disruptions occurring between payment and travelling times such as 
changes in travel dates, total or partial cancellation of the booking, ticket re-booking, flight cancellation and 
airline bankruptcy. Amadeus, being the IT provider of the internal systems of many airlines, travel agencies, 
airports and other travel participants, believes it is well-positioned to integrate the payment processing and 
reconciliation to customers’ IT systems.  
The main features of the Group’s payment business are: 
▪ 
Global reach. Amadeus offers travel merchants access to global and local payment providers 
worldwide. 
▪ 
Omni-channel solutions. Including an online, offline and mobile end-to-end portfolio of payment 
solutions. 
▪ 
Integrated solutions. Amadeus provides payment solutions that are fully integrated into its Altéa 
Suite PSS solution for airlines and its front-, mid- and back-office systems for travel sellers. 
▪ 
Leveraging. Amadeus leverages its customer base and brand due to its large portfolio of airlines that 
have contracted the Group’s PSS solutions.  
With effect from 1 January 2023, the Group transferred its existing payments business to its wholly-owned 
subsidiary “Outpayce, S.A.U.”, which, on 20 January 2022, submitted an application for an eMoney licence 
for the purpose of providing regulated services in Spain and, subsequently, the wider European Economic 
Area, to the Bank of Spain.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
The Group’s Operations Infrastructure 
Data Processing Facility 
The global operations for the Group’s distribution and IT solutions business areas are centred around its 
advanced data processing facility in Erding, near Munich (Germany).  
The Group’s management believes that ownership of its data processing facility gives it the necessary 
control and flexibility to align its development initiatives with the operational constraints of guaranteeing 
high service levels to its customers, while benefiting from cost efficiencies and being able to adapt rapidly to 
changes in technology. As a result of the Group’s ownership of the facility, it is not required to negotiate 
with a third-party owner to effect upgrades or to make other changes to its core IT infrastructure. The 
Group’s management believes that this, among other benefits, has facilitated its migration to modern, open 
systems architecture. 
The Group’s global operations principally comprise (i) its main site in Erding (Germany), (ii) two strategic 
operations centres in Miami (United States) and Sydney (Australia), and (iii) four local competency centres 
in Bad Homburg (Germany), Bangkok (Thailand), Buenos Aires (Argentina) and London (UK). The Group’s 
strategic operations centres in Miami and Sydney are part of a ‘Follow-the-Sun’ operations concept that 
allows continuous supervision and management of the Group’s central data processing facility during normal 
working hours from three time zones. As a business day ends in one time zone and commences in another 
time zone, system monitoring and management is seamlessly transferred by Erding to Miami, by Miami to 
Sydney and by Sydney back to Erding at approximately eight-hour intervals. Through the Group’s ‘Follow-
the-Sun’ concept, it seeks to optimise its use of resources and minimise response times when dealing with 
operational issues and customer support queries. 
Fundamental to the Group’s success as a global IT technology provider is the reliability and security of its 
data processing facility, which has been designed with built-in redundancy with no single point of failure. 
The Group’s core systems are housed in three independent parts of the facility, so that transactions can be 
switched from one section to another in the event of a systems failure affecting one part of the building. 
Through this so-called “fire-cell” concept, the Group effectively has three data centres in one. 
The Group also operates a disaster recovery centre located approximately 30 kilometres from its main data 
processing facility. This disaster recovery centre can also be operated remotely from the Miami and Sydney 
“Follow-the-Sun” sites and is designed to ensure the continuity of the relevant services and the recovery of 
data in the event of a complete systems failure at the Group’s Erding facility for those of its customers that 
have opted to use this back-up facility. 
Insurance 
The Group insures against certain corporate risks in relation to civil liability, including damage to its 
property and other material assets and business interruption. It also maintains policies covering the liability 
of its directors and officers and professional indemnity insurance policies to cover the provision of its 
services (including privacy breach), as well as an aviation policy to cover claims for damages in respect of 
aircraft incidents that have resulted in third parties suffering bodily harm and/or property damage. 
Although the Group’s management believes that all of the Group companies have adequate insurance 
policies in place to cover civil and environmental liability and certain risks of operation, the Group also 
seeks to limit its liability through contractual provisions in agreements with travel providers, travel agencies 
and local ACOs. 
While the Group considers that its insurance coverage is consistent with IT industry standards in Spain and 
Western Europe in light of the activities it conducts, the Group can provide no assurance that its insurance 
coverage will adequately protect it from all the risks that may arise or in amounts sufficient to prevent 
material loss.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Litigation and Arbitration 
From time to time the Group may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. An 
unfavourable outcome in respect of one or more of such proceedings could, to the extent such outcome is not 
covered by any of the Group’s insurance policies, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operation. The following is a summary of certain legal proceedings affecting the 
Group. 
Tax Proceedings 
Each Group company is individually responsible for its own tax assessment in its country of residence, 
without any worldwide Group tax consolidation. The applicable limitation period varies from one Group 
company to another, according to local tax laws in each case. Tax returns are not considered definitive until 
the applicable limitation period expires or they are accepted by the relevant tax authorities. According to the 
consolidated annual accounts of the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, despite fiscal 
legislation being open to different interpretations, it is estimated that any additional fiscal liability, as may 
arise from a possible tax audit, will not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements 
taken as a whole. 
Spanish Tax Inspection 
The Spanish tax authorities initiated a tax inspection procedure in February 2010 of the Issuer as parent 
company of the Group’s Spanish tax consolidations group, and in respect of several companies which form 
part of the Group for fiscal years 2005 to 2007. The tax inspection was completed by July 2012.  
As a result of this inspection, certain differences of interpretation have arisen in respect of the application of 
the Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax Act to certain corporate transactions but no tax penalties have been 
imposed. The tax assessments were signed on a contested basis and a claim was filed in 2012 with the 
Central Economic-Administrative Tribunal (TEAC) within the terms established by the legislation in force.  
In January 2017, the Issuer received a final decision from the TEAC rejecting the appeal with regard to the 
tax assessment signed under protest relating to the Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax for the year 2007. As a 
result, Amadeus filed an appeal for judicial review with the National Appellate Court (Audiencia Nacional) 
(registered in September 2017). In October 2020, the resolution of the appeal declared TEAC’s decision null 
and void and sent the case back to the TEAC to consider the documentary evidence. In April 2021, the Issuer 
received a new final decision from the TEAC rejecting the appeal. In November 2021, Amadeus filed a new 
appeal with the National Appellate Court. Although the Group and its external advisers understand that there 
are sound arguments to defend the inappropriateness of the adjustment made by the tax inspectors and that 
such arguments should be upheld by the National Appellate Court, the Issuer decided to record a provision 
for all the amounts under dispute in relation to the Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax.  
In any event, the Group believes that the final decision should have no significant impact on the financial 
situation of the Group. 
Permanent Establishment in India  
Since 1999, an entity that has since merged with the Issuer has been engaged in a series of disputes with the 
Indian tax authorities in relation to an allegation that the operations of such entity in India qualify it for tax 
treatment as an entity permanently established in India. 
The Indian tax authorities argued that such entity operates as a permanent establishment in India by virtue of 
(i) the fact that it provides computer terminals enabling travel agencies to connect to its IT network, and (ii) 
the activities of the local ACO operating in India, Amadeus India, Pvt. Ltd (which does not form part of the 
Group) by reason of which, it is alleged, it qualifies as a “dependent agent” for the purposes of the double 
recovery regime in force between India and Spain. On this basis, the Indian tax authorities claim that revenue

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
generated by such entity in respect of bookings made by travel agencies located in India through this local 
ACO should be subject to Indian tax. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are a number of proceedings underway relating to the tax years 
between 1995 and 2020 (1 April 1995 to 31 March 2021) at different procedural stages (ranging from initial 
inspection to appeal) before the Indian administrative authorities and before the Supreme Court. The total 
amount claimed under these proceedings amounts to INR 21,963,967,061 including accumulated interest 
(equivalent to €243 million on the basis of an INR to € exchange rate of 90.28).  
Additionally, and in relation to the permanent establishment issue, the Indian tax authorities are of the 
opinion that the IT Service activities with an Indian nexus may give rise to royalty payments and fees for 
technical services in India taxed at 10 per cent. As a result of this interpretation, a new tax claim is under 
dispute amounting to INR 3,234,457,616 (equivalent to €36 million on the basis of an INR to € exchange 
rate of 80.28).  
A final resolution from the Supreme Court dated 20 April 2023, concerning fiscal years 1995 to 2004, 
concludes that that there is not income liable to tax in India, without entering into the merits of the 
permanent establishment issue. 
A new order issued from the Delhi High Court on 5 May 2023, concerning fiscal years 2006, 2007, 2009, 
2010, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 resolves in favour of the Issuer, and therefore there is no income liable to 
tax in India in relation to any issues regarding permanent establishment. With respect to the IT Service 
activities, the same order concludes that these cannot be taxed as royalties, but rather, business income, and 
therefore these fall outside the scope of Indian tax. 
Based on this precedent, the Issuer expects a similar decision for the remaining years under dispute, i.e., 
2005, 2008, 2011 and from 2016 to 2020.  
The Issuer records the appropriate provisions in order to minimise its exposure in the event the final ruling 
from the Court does not result in its favour. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is reevaluating 
the provisions recorded in view of the new resolutions mentioned above.  
Labour dispute of Amadeus Brasil Ltda.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not aware of any material labour dispute, other than 
disputes in the ordinary course of business and labour disputes in Brazil affecting the Issuer’s subsidiary 
Amadeus Brasil Ltda. (83.51 per cent.-owned) related to labour claims from employees of the minority 
shareholder (which is bankrupt and held 8.99 per cent. of Amadeus Brasil Ltda. at the time of the 
bankruptcy).  
The Group believes that these labour disputes have no legal basis and the latest favourable resolutions 
obtained during the last years from the Superior Labour Court (TST) support this conclusion, more 
specifically the decision from the Special Session (SDI) from Superior Labour Court obtained in 2017. The 
aforementioned decisions, although not binding on other labour claims, have strongly influenced the 
issuance of favourable decisions for Amadeus Brasil Ltda. in all instances over the last years. The Group 
expects an increase in the rate of success as the leading case, a Constitutional Appeal presented to the 
Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (the STF), in which Amadeus Brasil Ltda. argued the violation of the due 
process of law and the constitutional right of defence, was ruled in favour in 2021.  
In 2022, the STF recognised the general repercussion of the matter of law (the violation of the due process of 
law and the constitutional right of defence), following the decisions in 2021. The case will be heard by the 
STF, which will be a final and binding decision. The Group expects the STF to confirm the violations and to 
dismiss the claims filed against Amadeus Brasil Ltda. in the execution phase after 2015.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022, the number of employees of the Group was 17,252. 
Executive Committee  
The Group is managed on a day-to-day basis by its Executive Committee, which comprises the Issuer’s 
President and Chief Executive Officer and his direct reports, namely the Chief Financial Officer, six Senior 
Vice Presidents, one of which is responsible of the Technology, two of which are responsible for the Group’s 
business lines (Travel Channels/Airlines and Hospitality), and the remaining three of which manage the 
corporate functions (Corporate Strategy, General Counsel and People & Culture). The Executive Committee 
is supported by one additional Senior Vice President and approximately 201 Vice Presidents and Directors.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
could be made with retroactive effect. This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under 
Spanish legislation without prejudice of regional tax regimes that may be applicable. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised advice 
based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes which 
could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force 
at the date of this document: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014,of 26 June, on regulation, 
supervision and solvency of credit entities, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, 
as amended, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes (RD 
1065/2007), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July; 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income 
Tax (PIT), Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the 
Corporate Income Tax Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax 
Law, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March promulgating the PIT Regulations, along 
with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022 of 27 December for the 
Establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial 
Credit Establishments and which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, 
and Modifies Certain Tax Regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance 
and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate 
Income Tax (CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November governing the CIT, and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the CIT Regulations; and 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject 
to the Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 
promulgating the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 
July promulgating the NRIT Regulations, along with Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Inheritance and Gift Tax, Law 38/2022 of 27 December for the Establishment of Temporary 
Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial Credit Establishments and 
which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be 
exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the 
Consolidated Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and 
exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered resident 
in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest under a Note will not lead an 
individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange 
of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person's own capital to third 
parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the 
investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at a flat 
rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,001 and €50,000, 23 per 
cent. for taxable income between €50,001 and €200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between €200,001 
and €300,000, and 28 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €300,000. 
In relation to withholding taxes, on the basis that the issue of the Notes is made subject to Law 10/2014 and 
provided that the information procedures set out in RD 1065/2007 are observed, the Issuer, pursuant to the 
latter rule, would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to PIT 
payers.   
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 
December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. without prejudice to 
specific rules that may have been approved by the Spanish Autonomous Regions. 
The actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Region. Thus, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
2.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a 
worldwide basis. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes to the 
extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the 
Notes which they hold as of 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 
3.5 per cent.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Since the Spanish Autonomous Regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in 
order to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible 
from the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes is established for an initial period of two years, so that it is 
applicable in the first two fiscal years in which such tax is accrued. However, the Law regulating such tax 
incorporates a review clause to evaluate its results at the end of the initially foreseen period of validity in 
order to assess its maintenance or elimination. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 per 
cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both, interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes are subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25 per cent.) in accordance with the rules for this 
tax.  
In relation to withholding taxes, on the basis that the referred to issue of the Notes is made with subjection to 
Law 10/2014 and provided that the information procedures set out in RD 1065/2007 are observed, the Issuer, 
pursuant to the latter rule, would not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the 
Notes to CIT payers.  
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the 
market value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “Taxation

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
in Spain-Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain 
will not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both, interest payments received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax 
purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, 
are exempt from NRIT, provided that the issue of the Notes is made with subjection to Law 10/2014 
and the information procedures set out in RD 1065/2007 are observed. 
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into 
a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-
Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within 
the Spanish territory (e.g. Notes issued by the Issuer) exceed €700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, 
the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the Notes 
whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined above do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident holders  may be entitled to apply the 
specific regulation of the Autonomous Regions where their most valuable assets are located and which 
trigger this Spanish Net Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are (i) located; (ii) can be exercised; or (iii) 
must be fulfilled, within the Spanish territory. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
4.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are 
located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory (e.g. Notes issued by the Issuer) exceed 
€3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. In such event, they should 
take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates 
ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to 
avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. 
4.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Unless otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax, the 
latter may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, ranges between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to 
the rules set forth in the common law. However, according to the law, depending on certain relevant factors, 
the applicable rules might be those corresponding to the relevant Autonomous Regions according to the law. 
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident corporations are not taxpayers of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax and income 
inherited or obtained by gift (a título lucrativo) will generally be subject to NRIT, as capital gains, unless 
otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. 
individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain 
foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 
December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 2024 the 
Notes held on 31 December 2023). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together 
with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be 
made in accordance with Net Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be 
required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more 
than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the 
ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous 
declarations. 
6. 
Reporting obligations 
According to Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, the Issuer has certain reporting obligations.  
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 as amended by RD 1145/2011 and provided that 
the Notes issued by the Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Fiscal Agent would be obliged to provide the Issuer with a declaration (the 
form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement), which should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such 
Notes);  
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity 
involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of RD 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be provided to 
the Issuer (i) on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the case of 
Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, on the business day immediately preceding the 
redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes (if the Spanish tax authorities consider that such 
information obligations must also be complied with for Zero Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 
months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such Notes, adopt the necessary measures 
with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such information obligations as may be

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time). If this requirement is complied with, the Issuer 
will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the Notes to all Noteholders 
(irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, according to 
section 7 of Article 44 of RD 1065/2007, the Issuer, or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf, could be 
required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate (currently 19 
per cent.).  If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest is payable, the 
Paying Agent were to submit such information, the Issuer, or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf, would 
refund the total amount of taxes withheld. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Each Issuer 
could be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply to payments made prior to the date that it is two years after the date on 
which the final regulations defining “foreign pass-through payments” are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues“) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft,  Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main, HSBC Bank plc, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank 
AG and any additional Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (the Dealers).  The arrangements under which Notes may from 
time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and 
restated Dealer Agreement dated 24 May 2023 (the Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuer and 
the Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the 
Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed or placed by that Dealer, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name 
of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed or placed by those Dealers, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to 
subscribe for or place the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed 
to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed or placed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect thereof.  The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The relevant Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer 
to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
In addition, 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); 
(ii) 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
UK 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has severally represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Kingdom of Spain 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the Notes be 
carried out in Spain except (i) in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain 
as provided by Article 35 of Law 6/2023 on the Securities Market and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 
17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the Securities Market Act) and 
the Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) by institutions authorised to provided investment services in Spain under 
the Securities Market Act (and related legislation) and Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the Legal 
Regime Applicable to Investment Services Companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de 
inversión) and supplemental rules enacted thereunder or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not intended 
for any offer of the Notes in Spain that would require the registration of a prospectus with the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), pursuant to Article 2 of Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of  15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Articles L.411-1 and L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The Base 
Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has severally undertaken, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Notes will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Product 
and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, to the best of its knowledge, it has complied 
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the general shareholders’ meeting of 
the Issuer dated 23 June 2022 and resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer, dated 28 July 
2022.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Issues of Notes under the Programme by the Issuer are required to comply with certain formalities 
contained in the Spanish Corporations Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, execution of a Public Deed of Issuance.   
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
2. 
Save as disclosed on pages 116 – 117 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which 
the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 
and no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or, to the 
best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the Group since 31 March 2023. 
Independent Auditors 
4. 
The Spanish language original consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as of and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which were prepared in accordance with 
IFRS-EU, have been audited without qualification by Ernst & Young, S.L. located at Calle 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 (Torre Azca), Madrid, registered under number S-0530 in the 
Official Register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), and member of the 
Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España. 
Documents on Display 
5. 
For as long as the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are outstanding, or for ten years 
following the approval of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, the following documents will 
be available at https://corporate.amadeus.com/en/investors/financial-information/bonds or in the 
case of the documents listed at (d) and (e) below, in physical form during usual business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Fiscal 
Agent: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of Amadeus IT Group, S.A.; 
(b) 
Q1 Management Review, the Issuer 2022 Annual Report, the Issuer 2021 Annual Report 
and the 2019 Consolidated Directors’ Report; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders as referred to in Condition 17(a));

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form);  
(f) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
as to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(g) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus. 
Clearing of the Notes 
6. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the ICSDs.  The appropriate common code and 
the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
7. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer or its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
its customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
8. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
No money market instruments having a maturity of less than twelve months will be offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method 
of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the 
most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUER 
Amadeus IT Group, S.A. 
Salvador de Madariaga, 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens,  
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A  
Ciudad BBVA 
Asia Building 
1st floor  
C/Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Encinar Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid  
Spain 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2  
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.  
6, avenue de Provence,  
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Spanish law: 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law: 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa  
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid  
Spain 
 
 
Allen & Overy 
Calle Serrano, 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
Ernst & Young, S.L. 
C/ Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 (Torre Azca)  
28003 Madrid 
Spain