--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
AMCO – ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY S.p.A 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A. 
(“AMCO” or the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue senior unsubordinated notes (the “Notes”) denominated in euro or any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€6,000,000,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), subject to 
increase as described herein, in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription 
and Sale”.  Notes issued under the Programme will not have denominations of less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”, 
which term shall include the Arranger (as defined below), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus (as defined below) to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019.  This Base Prospectus 
will be published in electronic form, together with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended) (“MiFID II”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval (being 27 
July 2021) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  
The end of the validity of the Base Prospectus is 27 July 2022. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information not contained herein which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes 
will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus.  Copies of Final Terms 
(or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus) in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch 
Ratings”) has assigned ‘BBB-’ /’F3’ long- and short-term ratings to Notes issued under the Programme.  Fitch Ratings is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  Fitch Ratings appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 18 March 2019 on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Morgan Stanley 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 July 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out 
below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer will offer Notes issued under the Programme through Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (as a 
Dealer) and/or any additional dealers appointed from time to time under the Programme, for a specific Tranche 
of Notes or on an ongoing basis (together with Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc as a Dealer, the Dealers).  
The details of the relevant Dealer(s) relating to a specific Tranche of Notes will be given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers 
or any of their respective affiliates and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or by any 
of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or of any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
or otherwise) of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and of the rights attaching to the relevant Notes 
and reach its own view, based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as it has deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes, 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated 
in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of 
any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any 
distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”).  The Issuer will 
make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes 
of section 309B(1)(a).  Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant 
persons” for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, and references to 
euro, Euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the 
correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF THE NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement thereto; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from its own currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by competent authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent:  (1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase of the Notes.  Investors that are financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein, 
may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements identified by the use 
of terminology such as “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “plans”, 
“projects”, “will”, “would” or similar words.  These statements are based on the Issuer’s current 
expectations and projections about future events and involve substantial uncertainties.  All statements, 
other than statements of historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, 
future financial position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements.  
Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be 
predicted or quantified.  Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, 
contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements.  The Issuer does not undertake any 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Certain information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other 
industry data pertaining to the Issuer’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of estimates based 
on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from other external sources, and 
on the Issuer’s knowledge of sales and markets.  In many cases, there is no readily available external information 
(whether from government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and estimates, 
requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates.  In respect of information in this Base Prospectus 
that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  Although 
the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the 
information provided by such sources.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus, and the documents incorporated by reference hereto, contains certain alternative 
performance measures (“APMs”), complete with an explanation of the criteria used to construct them, in 
addition to the IFRS financial indicators obtained directly from the audited financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus under the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, and which is useful to present the results and the financial 
performance of the Issuer. 
For information regarding the APMs, including an explanation of the criteria used to construct them, see 
paragraph headed “Alternative Performance Measures” in the section headed “Description of the Issuer”. 
The Issuer believes that these APMs provide useful supplementary information to investors and that they are 
commonly used measures of financial performance complementary to, rather than a substitute for, IFRS 
financial indicators, since they facilitate operating performance and cash flow comparisons from period to 
period, time to time and company to company. 
It should be noted that these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognized as an alternative to operating income or net income or any other 
performance measures recognised as being in accordance with IFRS. 
These measures are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they meant to be 
predictive of future results.  Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, the 
Issuer’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies.  Therefore, undue 
reliance should not be placed on such data. 
RATINGS 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable).  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
applicable).  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
BENCHMARKS 
Interest and / or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR 
or CMS, or such other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”).  At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as a benchmark administrator, and included on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  The

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
 
 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments - The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by competent authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent:  (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase of the Notes.  Investors that are financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
(vii) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 1 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................... 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................. 24 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectus ............................................................................................. 26 
Form of the Notes........................................................................................................................... 27 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................... 29 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................... 60 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form...................................................... 75 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................. 78 
Description of the Issuer.................................................................................................................. 79 
Taxation ......................................................................................................................................115 
Subscription and Sale.....................................................................................................................124 
General Information ......................................................................................................................129 
Index of Defined Terms..................................................................................................................132

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
listed Notes only and if appropriate, a supplemental Base Prospectus will be published. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the 
Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (as amended). Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
“Issuer” 
AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A. 
“Description” 
€6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
“Arranger” 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
“Dealers” 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
“Certain Restrictions” 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
“Fiscal Agent” 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
“Listing Agent” 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
“Programme Size” 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Issuance in Series” 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
“Currencies” 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
“Distribution” 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
“Maturities” 
Any maturity of one year or more, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements.  No Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year and one day will be issued under the Programme. 
“Issue Price” 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at any issue price, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
“Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus” 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either:  (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant 
to a Drawdown Prospectus. 
“Form of Notes” 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
“Interest” 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate, or interest may initially 
accrue at a fixed rate and then change to a floating rate, or interest 
may initially accrue at a floating rate and then change to a fixed rate 
or otherwise. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
have the option of switching the interest basis between fixed rate and 
floating rate and vice versa in respect of different periods, upon prior 
notification of such switch in interest basis to Noteholders. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Notes” 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA 
Benchmark Supplement; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate referred to in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
“Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes” 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
“Benchmark discontinuation” 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject to 
certain conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the Conditions) in 
accordance with Condition 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
“Redemption” 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amount.  Unless 
previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount. 
 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate either 
that the Notes of that Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable prior to such stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer on such terms as are indicated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer for tax reasons. 
 
Other than, if any, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, no Series of 
Notes will be redeemed below its principal amount under any 
circumstances. 
“Issuer Call” 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of the relevant Terms 
and Conditions, redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
“Investor Put” 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, holders of the Notes will have the right, subject to the 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions, to require redemption of the 
Notes. 
“Clean-Up Call Option” 
If Clean-Up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of the relevant Terms and Conditions and having given not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the relevant Notes at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
“Three-Month par Call Option” 
If Three-Month par Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time during the period 
starting three months prior to (but excluding) the relevant Maturity 
Date, subject to the provisions of the relevant Terms and Conditions 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at 
their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
“Denomination of Notes” 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
“Certain Restrictions” above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
“Taxation” 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
Jurisdiction as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted, as set out in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Cross Default” 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10(c) (Cross Default of Issuer) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Status of the Notes” 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding 
“Rating” 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch Ratings”) 
has assigned ‘BBB-’ /’F3’ long- and short-term ratings to Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
 
However, the ratings assigned by any rating agency may change from 
time to time. 
 
Any rating applicable to any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website,

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. 
“Listing, admission to trading and 
approval” 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus.  Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and to be admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the Series.  Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
“Governing Law” 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law.  Condition 14.1 (Meetings of 
Noteholders) of the Notes and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of the Noteholders’ Representative are subject to 
compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
“Selling Restrictions” 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including the Republic 
of Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
“United States Selling 
Restrictions” 
Regulation S Category 1 or 2, TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer 
and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular, the risk factors described below, including any document incorporated by reference 
herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme and/or may have a negative impact on the price of the Notes resulting in a partial 
or total loss of the investment of the Noteholders.  In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer, based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, 
legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary. 
References in these “Risk Factors” to the “Terms and Conditions” are to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and as completed by the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  Words and expressions defined in “Applicable Final Terms”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section.  Prospective investors should read 
the entire Base Prospectus. 
 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. 
Risks relating to legal proceedings involving the Issuer; 
5. 
Risks relating to the internal control of the Issuer. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
The economic conditions of Italy 
AMCO is exposed to the economic, market and fiscal conditions of Italy, the main market in which it operates.  
If the Italian economy suffers a material downturn for a prolonged period of time, this could increase 
unemployment levels in general and may also affect assigned debtors.  This would, in turn, have a negative 
impact on recoveries of AMCO’s receivables under management due to the inability of assigned debtors to 
make payments.  In addition to purchasing non-performing receivables owed by debtors that are already 
insolvent or in similar circumstances, AMCO’s core business also focuses on portfolios that comprise unlikely-
to-pay (“UTP”) and past due (“PD”) receivables and various economic trends, in particular downward 
macroeconomic factors, may contribute to a worsening of these assigned debtors’ economic conditions and 
therefore prejudice their ability to pay amounts owing in respect of the assigned receivables, including in relation 
to any new disbursements or new lines of credit that AMCO may - with a view to maximising the realisation 
value of the UTP/PD Commitments - decide to grant to the assigned debtors.

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
Global markets currently remain characterised by high volatility and any further acceleration of the European 
sovereign debt crisis could likely significantly affect, among other things, the conditions of the Italian economy.  
In light of its significant exposure to the Italian economy, any deterioration, or delay in the recovery, of the 
Italian economy could have a negative impact on AMCO’s business and reputation, results of operations or 
financial conditions and the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes. 
The Notes are neither secured nor the subject of a guarantee 
No security interest has been created by AMCO for the benefit of the Noteholders in order to secure their rights 
under the Notes, nor will any guarantee be issued by the Republic of Italy or any other entity in favour of the 
Noteholders.  Consequently, the Issuer will meet its payment obligations under the Notes through the result of 
its business activities (see further “Description of the Issuer – Business”).  In particular, payments of interest 
and principal under the Notes are envisaged to be paid out of the general assets (Patrimonio Generale) of 
AMCO.  The BPVi/VB Receivables form part of dedicated asset pools (Patrimoni Destinati) that have been 
constituted by AMCO, which are segregated from the general assets (Patrimonio Generale) of the Issuer.  These 
dedicated asset pools are not generally available to AMCO to pay interest, principal or other amounts under the 
Notes, unless (and to the extent) made available to AMCO Patrimonio Generale in accordance with the 
Receivables Transfer Agreements, and Noteholders will not have any claims against such Patrimonio Destinato.  
See further risk factor “The BPVi/VB Liquidators have a claim over the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimonio Destinato” below. 
The BPVi/VB Liquidators have a claim over the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato 
Noteholders will not have any recourse to assets forming part of the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato and 
the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato which have been constituted by AMCO pursuant to Law Decree no. 99 
of 25 June 2017 and Law Decree no. 221 of 22 February 2018 issued by the Italian Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance (see further “Description of the Issuer – History” and “Regulatory Framework – Assignment of the 
BPVi/VB Receivables to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato”), or to any other dedicated 
asset pools that may be constituted by AMCO in the future, save to the extent any part of the assets forming part 
of each such dedicated asset pool will be paid by such patrimonio destinato to the Patrimonio Generale of 
AMCO or will otherwise be made available to meet payments in respect of the Notes.  The claim of the BPVi/VB 
Liquidators for the purchase price of the BPVi/VB Receivables is to be met by the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo 
Veneto Patrimonio Destinato out of the amounts recovered in respect of the receivables, net of certain other 
items to be paid out of such recoveries including, inter alia, the periodic amount due and payable to AMCO 
(see description of AMCO’s Share of Recoveries in “Description of the Issuer – Acquisition of the BPVi/VB 
Receivables – AMCO’s Share of Recoveries”).  Given that AMCO’s Share of Recoveries is calculated as a 
percentage of the gross book value of the receivables, it is expected to provide AMCO with a steady source of 
income - regardless of the performance of the BPVi/VB Receivables - sufficient to enable AMCO to meet the 
periodical payments of interest and, upon scheduled maturity, the repayment of principal under Notes that 
AMCO resolves to issue from time to time under the Programme.  In addition, pursuant to the Receivables 
Transfer Agreements, amounts in respect of loans or financial instruments obtained or issued (also on account 
of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) by AMCO, to the extent attributed from time to 
time to each of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, are to be deducted from the 
recoveries before any Purchase Price Instalment will be paid to the BPVi/VB Liquidators.  This means that if 
net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes are being on-lent by AMCO to the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio 
Destinato and/or the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, the related portion of the interest and principal 
(re)payments arising thereunder will be attributed to the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato or, as the case 
may be, the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato.  See further “Description of the Issuer – Acquisition of the 
BPVi/VB Receivables – Purchase Price”.  To the extent that net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes are not 
on-lent to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, they will remain part of AMCO’s 
Patrimonio Generale. 
Inability to recover the expected amounts on receivables under management and forecasted cash flows may 
prove inaccurate 
AMCO makes assumptions of gross recoveries and recovery costs of its receivables under management, which 
may differ (also significantly) from the actual levels of recoveries and costs incurred.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
A decrease, or delay, of the expected recoveries could have a direct impact on the revenues and cash flow of 
AMCO.  In particular, forecasted recoveries of receivables and related cash flows are based on a number of 
assumptions, including analysis of historical recoveries of these receivables whilst under management by their 
originators.  Historical recoveries are influenced by factors such as the then prevailing general economic 
conditions and applicable legislation which are subject to changes, as well as by the recovery strategies adopted 
by the originators which are not indicative of the strategy to be adopted by AMCO’s recovery and servicing 
teams.  These considerations have been duly factored in when developing AMCO’s projections, however there 
can be no assurance that there will be no significant shortfalls between the forecasted recoveries of portfolios 
on the one hand, and the timing and amount of actual recoveries on the other hand. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that any of the current or future claims comprised in the receivables under 
management by AMCO will eventually be collected.  Amounts recovered may be less, and the recovery period 
may be significantly longer, than expected.  In the case of the BPVi/VB Receivables in particular, these 
receivables have been assigned to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimoni Destinati in the absence of 
prior due diligence on a significant portion of the portfolios and it has not been possible for AMCO to verify 
the integrity or completeness of the documentation underlying the receivables.  These factors, together with 
defects and shortcomings in the historical database as well as other critical issues and potential difficulties and 
delays that might arise in the context of the migration process, could compromise the ability of AMCO to 
administer efficiently and to recover these receivables.  This difficulty has been expressly acknowledged by the 
BPVi/VB Liquidators in the Receivables Transfer Agreements, and the agreements furthermore expressly 
provide that in no circumstances shall the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimoni Destinati be liable towards 
the BPVi/VB Liquidators for the failure to recover (in whole or in part) the BPVi/VB Receivables as a result, 
inter alia, of the invalidity or non-existence of any BPVi/VB Receivables or of the cessation of any collateral 
or privileges assisting the BPVi/VB Receivables. 
Furthermore, AMCO receives a payment for its management of the BPVi/VB Receivables that is calculated on 
the basis of the gross book value of the receivables, such amount is therefore determined not on the basis of the 
actual recoveries.  To this end, even though AMCO’s Share of Recoveries is calculated as a percentage of such 
receivables’ gross book value and therefore not directly linked to the actual amounts recovered, AMCO’s Share 
of Recoveries are nonetheless intended to be paid out of recoveries on the BPVi/VB Receivables, which are 
meant to fund also (inter alia) interest and other amounts relating to loans or financial instruments obtained or 
issued by AMCO, to the extent allocated to each of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, 
as well as costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection with the ownership, management, 
recovery and realisation of the BPVi/VB Receivables.  Accordingly, if the BPVi/VB Portfolios fail to generate 
an adequate level of recoveries, there may not be sufficient resources to meet the payment of those amounts 
(including AMCO’s Share of Recoveries, costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection with 
the ownership, management, recovery and realisation of the BPVi/VB Receivables and, to the extent all or part 
of the proceeds from issuance of Notes will be allocated to either Patrimonio Destinato, the related amount of 
interest payments on the Notes) intended to be paid out of these recoveries.  If AMCO does not receive promptly 
the AMCO’s Share of Recoveries or any other amounts owing to AMCO by the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimoni Destinati, or if recoveries from its other receivables under management fail to provide AMCO with 
adequate revenues to fund its operating costs, AMCO may – in the absence of other liquidity available to meet 
the shortfall in its revenues – experience difficulties covering its fixed costs and may have to take measures to 
reduce costs, including cuts in its debt recovery personnel.  Any such move could lead to disruptions in AMCO’s 
operations, and could potentially adversely affect AMCO’s financial condition and its ability to meet payments 
under the Notes. 
Risks relating to acquisition of the BPVi/VB Portfolios 
The acquisition of the BPVi/VB Portfolios involves risks due to the difficulties inherent in taking on new 
receivables under management.  The size of the BPVi/VB Portfolios – significantly larger than the portfolios 
previously managed by AMCO, comprised primarily of the residual Banco di Napoli Receivables – represents 
a significant challenge to AMCO’s management to plan, organise, follow up on and control its recovery 
operations and to continuously monitor developments.  In particular, the onboarding of the BPVi/VB Portfolios 
has involved an expansion of AMCO’s organisational structure and information technology infrastructure as 
well as a series of other actions.  See further “Description of the Issuer – AMCO’s Portfolio Management 
Platform”.  AMCO may face delays or difficulties in implementing process and system improvements, and the 
implementation costs of these actions may exceed anticipated amounts.  AMCO’s ability to manage effectively

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
the growth in size of its receivables under management and the corresponding expansion of its operations 
depends furthermore on the existence of an efficient internal control and financial reporting system, which has 
similarly been enhanced recently: see further “Description of the Issuer – Control Functions”.  However, there 
can be no assurance that the measures implemented in order to monitor and supervise operations are adequate 
and enable AMCO’s control functions to detect all irregularities. 
Any of the aforementioned events could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s business, results of 
operations or financial condition, and may negatively impact the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under 
the Notes. 
On 18 October 2018, AMCO’s Board of Directors approved the Strategic Guidelines for the 2019 – 2023 period, 
that include its industrial plan (“Industrial Plan”), governing both the administration and recovery of the 
BPVi/VB Receivables and the development plans of AMCO in general.  AMCO has also in place many policies 
and procedures relevant to the day-to-day administration and recovery activities, some of which are still being 
fine-tuned and may need to be amended or adapted to reflect comments received from the BPVi/VB Liquidators.  
AMCO may face delay or difficulties in developing and implementing the Industrial Plan as well as in finalising 
the definitive policies and procedures, and costs associated with implementing such plans may be higher than 
expected.  Any of these events could adversely impact the administration and recovery of the BPVi/VB 
Receivables, and therefore AMCO’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Recovery of non-performing receivables is subject to inherent uncertainties 
All portfolios made up of loans and receivables are comprised of defaulted, unlikely-to-pay and past due 
receivables.  The recovery of these receivables depends largely on the ability of AMCO to implement the most 
appropriate and effective recovery strategy, taking into account (inter alia) the value of any underlying 
collateral, the status of the judicial proceedings and out-of-court negotiations as well as costs to be incurred in 
the recovery process.  A part of the receivables under management by AMCO are currently the subject of 
insolvency, recovery or enforcement proceedings at varying stages before competent courts which, in the 
Republic of Italy, generally take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and in 
which court such action is taken.  Factors which can have a significant effect on the length of proceedings 
include the following: (i) certain courts may take longer than the national average to enforce the receivables; 
(ii) more time will be required for the proceedings if it is necessary first to obtain a payment injunction or if the 
assigned debtor raises a defence or counterclaim to the proceedings; (iii) opposition by the assigned debtors; 
and (iv) assigned debtors becoming subject to bankruptcy proceedings.  The length of the judicial proceedings 
together with legal and judicial costs will negatively affect the amounts that can be recovered, and the timing of 
the recoveries. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment 
AMCO’s activities are conducted primarily in Italy.  As such, its business is affected by the economic conditions 
of Italy, which are in turn influenced by European and global economic conditions. 
The current macroeconomic environment is still characterised by significant uncertainty linked to: (i) the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on global growth and individual countries (see also “ – The Group’s results of 
operations may be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic”); (ii) economic trends relating to recovery 
expectations and consolidation of the growth dynamics of the economies of countries such as the United States 
and China, which have been subject to substantial growth also in recent years, and any possible consequences 
of the commercial tensions between the United States and China with respect to the increase in tariffs on 
imported goods; (iii) future developments in the monetary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB) in the 
Eurozone and of the Federal Reserve in the dollar-zone, as well as the policies implemented by the various 
countries to encourage competitive devaluation of their currency; (iv) the sustainability of sovereign debt of 
some countries including Italy and related tensions that are more or less recurring on financial markets; and (v) 
the consequences and potential lingering uncertainties caused by the ongoing negotiations between the European 
Union and the United Kingdom, especially with respect to the European Union integration process, the 
relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, and the impact on economies and European 
businesses.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
The Group’s results of operations may be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The World Health Organization (“WHO”) declared a global emergency on 30 January 2020 with respect to the 
outbreak in 2019 of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) which emerged in Wuhan, China.  The WHO subsequently 
characterised it as a pandemic on 11 March 2020.  The outbreak has spread throughout Asia, Europe and the 
Middle East and currently there have been cases of COVID-19 throughout the world (including Brazil, Canada 
and the United States), causing companies and various international jurisdictions to impose restrictions, such as 
quarantines, closures, cancellations and travel restrictions.  The entire national and international scenario has 
been severely affected by such restrictions.   The risk of resurgence of cases or variant strains of COVID-19 
remains high and the timing and delay in vaccine rollouts remain uncertain. The extent to which such events 
will continue to impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of AMCO will depend on 
future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with any degree of confidence. Even 
after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, AMCO may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to 
its business as a result of the pandemic’s global economic impact, and amplify some of the risks described 
herein. Expectations related to a gradual relaxation of the restrictive measures imposed by the pandemic are 
directly connected to the effective and speedy implementation of the vaccination campaign against COVID-19. 
Therefore, the Issuer is not currently able to reliably determine the impacts deriving from COVID-19 on the 
2021 financial results and on those of the subsequent years. 
To date the outbreak has not had a material adverse impact on AMCO’s operations.  However, the future impact 
of the outbreak is still highly uncertain and it its final magnitude cannot be predicted and there is no assurance 
that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on the future results of the Issuer.  The extent of the 
impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain COVID-19 and the outcome of 
the vaccination campaign. 
AMCO’s business is concentrated in a single market segment which is highly competitive 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, AMCO’s business activities is comprised primarily of the servicing and 
recovery of non-performing exposures, primarily in Italy.  The concentration of AMCO’s business in this market 
segment and therefore the absence of significant revenues from other areas of activities exposes AMCO to the 
risk of any downward trend in the profitability of this market segment, which is also influenced by the economic 
conditions of Italy and by the macroeconomic environment.  See further risk factors headed “The economic 
conditions of Italy” and “Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment” above. 
The servicing and recovery of non-perfoming exposure market, including in Italy, is a higly competitive market, 
with many other local and pan-European operators present in this market segment, some of whom have greater 
financial and human resources than AMCO, or offer a wider and integrated range of financial services in 
addition to debt recovery that may prove more attractive to originators.   
To the extent the Issuer’s competitors are able to better maximise recoveries on their assets or are willing to 
accept lower rates of return, AMCO may not be able to grow or sustain its purchasing volumes or it may be 
forced to acquire portfolios at expected rates of return lower than historical rates of return. Some of AMCO's 
competitors may obtain alternative sources of financing at more favourable rates than those available to it, the 
proceeds from which may be used to fund expansion and to increase the amount of non-performing exposures 
they purchase. 
AMCO participates in competitive bidding processes in the acquisition of non-performing exposures. Some of 
AMCO's current competitors, and potential new competitors, may have more effective pricing and collection 
models, greater adaptability to changing market needs, and more established relationships in the Issuer’s 
industry than AMCO does. Moreover, AMCO's competitors may elect to pay prices for non-performing 
exposures that AMCO determines are not economically sustainable and, in that event, it may not be able to 
continue to offer competitive bids for non-performing exposures. 
If AMCO is unable to develop and expand its business or to adapt to changing market needs as well as its current 
or future competitors, it may experience reduced access to portfolios of non-performing exposures in sufficient 
amounts at appropriate prices. Furthermore, AMCO’s inability to compete effectively in this market segment 
outside the context of mandates granted to AMCO pursuant to law decrees may have an adverse impact on its 
goal of becoming a leading player in the Italian NPE market and therefore its future prospects. Any of these

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
factors could have a negative impact on AMCO’s business and reputation, results of operations or financial 
conditions. 
AMCO may not be able to purchase portfolios of non-performing exposures on terms acceptable to it, which 
could limit its growth or profitability. 
AMCO's ability to continue to operate profitably depends upon the continued availability of portfolios of non-
performing exposures that meet its purchasing standards and are cost-effective based upon projected collections 
exceeding its costs. Due, in part, to fluctuating prices for portfolios of non-performing exposures and 
competition within the marketplace, there has been considerable variation in purchasing volumes and pricing 
from quarter to quarter and AMCO expects that to continue. The volume of the Issuer’s non-performing 
exposure purchases may be limited when prices are high and may or may not increase when portfolio pricing is 
more acceptable to AMCO. 
Further, AMCO's rates of return may decline when portfolio prices are high. The Issuer does not know whether 
or how long portfolios of non-performing exposures will be available for purchase on terms acceptable to 
AMCO.  
The availability of portfolios of non-performing exposures at prices acceptable to AMCO depends on a number 
of factors, including: 
• volume of defaults in consumer debt; 
• continued sale of portfolios of non-performing exposures by originating institutions and portfolio resellers at 
sufficient volumes and acceptable price levels; 
• competition in the marketplace; 
• AMCO's ability to develop and maintain relationships with key major credit originators and portfolio resellers; 
• AMCO's ability to obtain adequate data from credit originators or portfolio resellers to appropriately evaluate 
the collectability of, estimate the value of, and collect on portfolios of non-performing exposures; and 
• changes in laws and regulations governing consumer lending, bankruptcy, and collections, including in Italy. 
If AMCO is unable to continually purchase and collect on a sufficient volume of non-performing exposures to 
generate cash collections that exceed its costs or to generate satisfactory returns, this could have a negative 
impact on AMCO’s business and reputation, results of operations or financial conditions. 
AMCO's ability to achieve its strategic objectives is not assured and could be impaired, including if the critical 
assumptions on which its investment decisions are based proves to be incorrect 
In pursuit of AMCO’s goal to play a key role in the Italian NPE market as master and special servicer of both 
proprietary and third parties portfolios, and in contemplation of the significant increase in size of its assets under 
management following the portfolio acquisitions of 2019 and 2020, the firm has carried out certain activities in 
order to meet its business strategy, including, inter alia: 
• 
adopting a new business model and new internal organisation structure, especially in relation to the 
management of unlikely-to-pay and past due receivables as well as the new REOCO division, which 
involves hiring of additional personnel; 
• 
entering into arrangements for outsourcing the management of selected portfolios to specialised third 
party special servicers; 
• 
implementing procedures and activities to manage the onboarding process of new portfolios and for 
migration of the underlying documentation and data; and 
• 
implementing a new integrated ICT system. 
The strategy of AMCO is based on a series of critical assumptions, including among others, the success of the 
aforementioned activities, the evolution of the Italian NPE market, trends in relevant macroeconomic variables, 
and the evolution of the regulatory framework applicable to AMCO.

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
In the event that one or more of the strategy’s underlying assumptions proves incorrect or events evolve 
differently than as contemplated in the strategy (including because of events affecting AMCO that may not be 
foreseeable or quantifiable, in whole or in part, as of the date of this Base Prospectus) the anticipated events and 
results of operations indicated in the strategy and in this Base Prospectus could differ from actual events and 
results of operations.  
Any failure by AMCO to meet its strategic objectives, either in full in or in part, or maintain its current market 
position, could have a negative impact on AMCO’s business and reputation, results of operations or financial 
conditions. 
 
Credit Risk 
AMCO is exposed to credit risk through, amongst other things, losses arising on loan positions and other 
receivables owned by AMCO, arising from the default of the assigned debtors or a worsening of their credit-
worthiness.  Failure to recover amounts owing from (or to reach any satisfactory debt restructuring arrangements 
with) the unlikely-to-pay or past due assigned debtors or from defaulted assigned debtors in the context of 
enforcement proceedings would adversely affect AMCO’s revenues.  The acquisition of various portfolios has 
significantly increased the size of AMCO’s receivables under management: in particular the acquisition of 
Banche Venete portfolios in 2018 (off balance) and further acquisitions on balance in 2019 and 2020 (i.e., MPS 
and Bari portfolio, Banca Carige portfolio, ICS portfolio, BancoBPM portfolio).  The portfolios comprise – in 
addition to defaulted loans – also unlikely-to-pay and past due receivables, as well as defaulted, unlikely-to-pay 
and past due leases which once acquired are treated and valued according to AMCO’s internal policies and 
procedures subject to the auditor’s independent report. 
In the case of the BPVi/VB Receivables, the claim of the BPVi/VB Liquidators for the purchase price is to be 
paid by each Patrimonio Destinato out of the actual recoveries, after having deducted certain items specified in 
the Receivables Transfer Agreements including, inter alia, losses realised in respect of the assigned receivables.  
See further “Description of the Issuer – Acquisition of the BPVi/VB Receivables – Purchase Price”. 
From time to time, AMCO may also invest in interest bearing securities, resulting in counterparty risk on the 
issuers of such securities which could have an adverse effect on AMCO’s results of operations and financial 
condition.  For a description of AMCO’s credit risk management policies, see Section 3 (Information on risks 
and on relevant hedging policies) of the notes to the financial statements of AMCO as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Spread Risk 
AMCO is exposed to sovereign risk having invested its liquid assets in Italian Government bonds which could 
be affected by adverse changes in market value due to worsening of the market perception of credit standing of 
Italy.  The bonds are booked into the “held to collect and sell” portfolio.  A decrease in their market value, does 
not imply a P&L loss unless AMCO was in the position of selling them prior to their maturity; in any event at 
a lower value if these securities would result in a negative equity reserve. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is risk of potential losses resulting from fluctuations of interest rates on the economic values 
of assets and liabilities.  AMCO is exposed to interest rate risk given the composition of its asset and liabilities 
which implies a decrease in the AMCO economic value in the case of an increase of interest rates. 
Concentration risk 
Concentration risk is the risk arising from concentration to a single counterparty, sector or country.  AMCO is 
exposed to concentration risk due to its exposure toward Italian Recovery Fund and toward some non 
performing corporate exposures. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk consists of the risk arising out of the lack of funds needed in the ordinary course of business and, 
as a consequence thereof, in the risk arising out of the inability to fulfil payment obligations when due.  If any

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
of the aforementioned risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s liquidity and 
operations, with potential impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes.  For a 
description of AMCO’s market and liquidity risk management policies, see Section 3 (Information on risks and 
on relevant hedging policies) of the notes to the financial statements of AMCO as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
AMCO relies on third party servicers for the administration and recovery of certain receivables 
AMCO has a flexible and scalable structure.  Its operating model is based on (i) in-house management of mostly 
larger, secured portions to ensure a tailored management of high expected recoveries and (ii) outsourcing of 
smaller, standardized positions.  The servicers are selected through structured process, keeping in account some 
items, for example (i) corporate profile, with a specific focus on the possibility to define sustainable partnership 
over time, (ii) specialization of servicers, (iii) operating capacity, (iv) historical performances, etc. 
In fact, AMCO has in the past, and may in the future, acting on behalf of the relevant Patrimonio Destinato, 
entered into agreements to outsource the administration and recovery of certain foreign receivables originated 
through operations of branches/subsidiaries controlled by third parties. 
Any failure by these third parties to adequately perform such services could result in a significant reduction of 
the fees to be paid to AMCO in the event of outsourcing of the management and recovery of the receivables.  In 
particular, pursuant to Receivables Transfer Agreement, where the management and recovery of the receivables 
is carried out by a third party servicer, AMCO is entitled to receive a payment for coordinating and supervising 
the third party special servicers, Such commission, defined in the Receivables Transfer Agreement as the 
corporate and administration component of the AMCO’s Share of Recoveries, is calculated as a fixed percentage 
of the gross book value of the receivable.  As a result, since such commission has to be paid out of recoveries 
on the receivable outsourced, failure by these third party servicers to recover the receivables could materially 
reduce the amount of the payment and affect AMCO’s reputation in the countries where they operate. 
AMCO may also suffer losses in the event of failure by third party servicers to comply with the applicable rules 
and regulations, their contractual obligations, provide AMCO with accurate data on the claims they are servicing 
or act properly in the conduct of their business.  Any such event could have a negative impact on AMCO’s 
business and reputation, results of operations or financial conditions. 
AMCO is dependent on its senior management team and key employees 
AMCO’s future success partially depends on the skills, experience and efforts of its senior management and 
other key employees who possess critical knowledge about its operations, many of whom have only recently 
joined AMCO, and its ability to retain such members of the management team and other key employees. 
Receivables recovery operations require highly skilled personnel with experience and expertise in judicial and 
extrajudicial procedures.  AMCO’s ability to effectively manage its receivables under management and to 
implement its Industrial Plan depends on its ability to retain and motivate its pre-existing and newly recruited 
personnel as well as to attract additional qualified employees in the future.  The loss of the services of any senior 
manager or key employees could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Models and analytical tools AMCO uses to forecast cash flows may prove to be inaccurate 
AMCO relies on models and analytical tools developed by a third party provider to project cash flow generation 
from its receivables under management.  There can be no assurance that AMCO’s managers will not make 
material mistakes or errors in judgments when utilising these models and tools.  It is furthermore possible that 
the projections prove inaccurate and/or impossible to achieve. 
The accuracy of the projections developed depends, to some extent, on the accuracy and reliability of data and 
information sourced from third parties, as to which AMCO has no control, as well as the accuracy and reliability 
of data contained in the loan files obtained from the originators of the receivables.  If such data and information 
prove incorrect, this could lead to miscalculations in AMCO’s projections, potentially resulting in the adoption 
of erroneous recovery strategy by AMCO’s recovery and servicing teams.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
AMCO can provide no assurances that it will achieve the forecasted recoveries within the specified time periods, 
or at all, and a significant delay in recoveries could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
AMCO’s historical operating results and recoveries are not indicative 
Prior to the acquisition of various portfolios in 2018, AMCO has been engaged primarily in the recovery of the 
Banco di Napoli Receivables, the Isveimer Receivables and the GRAAL Receivables (see further “Description 
of the Issuer – Business – The Banco di Napoli Receivables, the Isveimer Receivables and the GRAAL 
Receivables”. 
The acquisition of various portfolios has significantly increased the size of AMCO’s receivables under 
management: in particular the acquisition of Banche Venete portfolios in 2018 (off balance) and further 
acquisitions on balance in 2019 and 2020 (i.e., MPS and Bari portfolio, Banca Carige portfolio, ICS portfolio).  
The portfolios comprise – in addition to defaulted loans – also unlikely-to-pay and past due receivables, as well 
as defaulted, unlikely-to-pay and past due leases. 
For these reasons, the historical performance of AMCO in the recovery of the Banco di Napoli Receivables, the 
Isveimer Receivables and the GRAAL Receivables will not be indicative of its future performance in the 
recovery of the various portfolios that differ in terms of size, composition and nature. 
AMCO may not be able to successfully maintain and update a fully integrated front-back office information 
technology infrastructure 
The success of AMCO’s operations is highly dependent on its ability to implement an information technology 
architecture with fully integrated back-end and front-end platforms.  See further “Description of the Issuer – 
AMCO’s Portfolio Management Platform – Information Technology Infrastructure”.  The maintenance of an 
efficient information technology infrastructure platform subjects AMCO to costs and risks associated with 
maintaining, upgrading and replacing these systems and to update the underlying technologies which are 
constantly evolving and are subject to potential defects. 
The aforementioned actions will require AMCO to invest both capital expenditures as well as management time, 
and inability to anticipate, adopt or manage the necessary technological upgrades and/or corrections on a timely 
basis could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s operations. 
There can be no assurance that the platform will operate smoothly, or that the system will be able to achieve 
what it sets out to achieve.  Additional improvements that may prove necessary may cause delays in AMCO’s 
daily operations and may require additional capital resources that have not been budgeted. The occurrence of 
such events could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Unavailability of documentation relevant to the receivables 
Recovery strategies may involve the continuation or commencement of enforcement action through legal 
proceedings.  In this respect, AMCO may discover that it is unable to produce underlying documentation (for 
example, account statement, schedule(s) to the loan agreement, correspondence with the assigned debtor) 
required to be submitted to the competent court, as a result of those documentation not being handed over (or 
incomplete documentation being provided). 
Moreover, the absence of all relevant documentation pertinent to the receivables will hinder proper analyses of 
the loan files and adversely affect the efficacy and effectiveness of the judicial/extra-judicial recovery strategy 
adopted.  Any defect in the documentation made available to AMCO could - if such documentation turns out to 
be legally unenforceable as a result of such defect - furthermore limit the availability of litigation as a recovery 
tool and prejudice the successful pursuit of those legal proceedings that have already commenced. The 
occurrence of such events could have a material adverse effect on AMCO’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
Risks relating to AMCO’s investments in the Italian Recovery Fund and Banca Carige 
AMCO is subject to the risk arising out of its exposure to the Italian Recovery Fund (the “IRF”, formerly, the 
Atlante II Fund).  Together with other primary Italian banking and insurance entities, AMCO entered into 
irrevocable commitments to subscribe units in the fund. 
As at 31 December 2020, on the basis of the determination of the fair value of the investment (carried out on 
the basis of the Net Asset Value of the units communicated by DeA Capital Alternative Funds SGR S.p.A.) the 
fair value of the investment at the date of these financial statements is of EUR 470.9 million. 
Based on the commitments previously made by AMCO and this extension, AMCO could be required to make 
further payments for a maximum amount of € 20.3 million, thereby increasing the current exposure of the Issuer 
to the Fund. 
In 2019, the AMCO’s exposure to credit risk (and compliance with applicable limits on “Large Exposures”) has 
been modified, switching from the look-through approach to the treatment granted by Article 128 (Items 
associated with particular high risk) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“CRR”).  See further 
“Description of the Issuer – Other investments and activities – Italian Recovery Fund”. 
The IRF is periodically valued on the basis of the assets comprised in its portfolio.  Therefore, AMCO’s 
investments in the fund is exposed to fluctuations in the fund’s value.  AMCO is similarly exposed to 
fluctuations in the value of its investment in Banca Carige See further “Description of the Issuer – Other 
investments and activities – Banca Carige”. 
These fluctuations (if negative) could have an adverse impact on AMCO’s financial condition.  See further Part 
B (Information on the Balance Sheet), Section 2 (Financial assets valued at fair value with impact on the income 
statement – item 20) of the explanatory notes to AMCO’s financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
3. 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Risks relating to laws and regulations 
As a financial intermediary enrolled on the special register pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, AMCO is subject to regulations applicable to financial intermediaries and regulatory supervision by the 
Bank of Italy.  These regulations set forth rules relating to capital adequacy, risk control and business conduct 
applicable to financial intermediaries in general.  See further the section headed “Regulatory Framework – 
Financial intermediaries regulations”.  The Issuer’s operations are furthermore subject to other local laws and 
regulatory supervision in relation to data protection, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, antitrust and 
administrative actions.  Failure to comply with the applicable laws and regulations and other requirements could 
result in intervention by the regulators and/or imposition of sanctions.  Any material failure to process customer 
data in compliance with data protection laws and regulations could result in revocation of the Issuer’s licence 
to service and recover debt, imposition of monetary fines as well as criminal charges.  Changes in the regulatory 
framework may also lead to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, and may result in the Issuer 
having to make additional provisions or reserves, or to increase its own funds in the future by raising capital in 
the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, which may not be available on attractive terms, 
or at all.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations 
or financial condition. 
4. 
Risks relating to legal proceedings involving the Issuer 
The Issuer is involved in disputes, investigations and legal proceedings which could have a material adverse 
effect 
The Issuer is and may become involved in administrative, civil, regulatory, criminal or tax proceedings as part 
of its ordinary course of business which, if resolved negatively for the Issuer, could have a material adverse 
effect on its results of operations or financial condition.  See further “Description of the Issuer – Litigation”.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
5. 
Risks relating to internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to internal control functions 
In application of the “Financial intermediaries regulations” AMCO has implemented a three levels control 
system (line controls, Risk management & Compliance/AML controls and Audit controls) and three Functions 
(Risk Management, Compliance & AML and Audit) to control risk exposure.  Despite these controls it is 
possible that AMCO could not identify, monitor and manage properly all the risks related to its activities. These 
events could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risk 
AMCO’s ability to collect debt in an accurate manner and to treat assigned debtors justly and equitably is 
important to its reputation as a leading operator in the receivables management and recovery market segment.  
This reputation is furthermore important in AMCO’s bid to obtain new servicing mandates from originators and 
in its dealings with the regulators.  The recovery and enforcement of debt involves complex interpretations of 
the law and of the contractual terms governing the relevant receivables, and any error in such interpretations 
would impact the recovery strategy adopted by AMCO’s loan managers and could expose AMCO to potential 
challenges by assigned debtors and regulators alike.  In addition, there can be no assurance that AMCO will not 
face complaints or claims from assigned debtors or inquiries and investigations by the regulators as a result of 
any incorrect behaviour or practice that falls short of the industry standard.  Any of these events could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the possibility of incurring losses due to inadequate or malfunctioning procedures, 
human resources and internal systems, or due to external events.  This category of risks includes, among other 
things, losses resulting from fraud, human error, interruptions of operations, system unavailability and breaches 
of contract.  AMCO has defined a series of corporate governance and internal regulations to identify, monitor 
and address operational risks.  However, there can be no assurance that the measures implemented by AMCO 
in order to monitor and supervise operational risks are effective and sufficient to mitigate such risks for AMCO.  
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations or 
financial condition. 
For a description of AMCO’s operational risk management policies, see Section 3 (Information on risks and on 
relevant hedging policies) of the notes to the financial statements of AMCO as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
The Issuer collects, stores and processes sensitive personal data belonging to assigned debtors 
In the context of its receivables recovery activities, the Issuer collects, stores and processes sensitive personal 
data belonging to assigned debtors.  Such data is stored and protected in AMCO’s information technology 
infrastructure platform with determined protocols and limitations for access and utilisation, to avoid 
unauthorised use, misappropriation or disclosure.  There can, however, be no assurance that these protocols will 
be fully effective and that adequate remedies will be readily available in case of unauthorised uses or disclosures, 
and the Issuer may be subject to unforeseen events, entirely or partly out of the control of the Issuer which 
results in the authorised disclosure of such data (including, for example, fraud, deception or losses resulting 
from the disloyalty of employees and/or from the violation of protocols, IT virus (cyber-attacks or the 
malfunction of electronic and/or communication services). A failure to protect the personal data of assigned 
debtors from unauthorised uses or disclosures could result in a breach by AMCO of privacy law and other 
applicable legislation, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations or financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and 
2. 
Risks related to Notes generally

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Any optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
In addition, with respect to the options under Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), Condition 7.3 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Issuer Call), Condition 7.5 (Clean-Up Call Option) and Condition 
7.6 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes), 
the Issuer’s right to redeem at par all or, as the case may be, part of the Notes will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the relevant option the Notes may have 
been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. If the Issuer calls 
and redeems the Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Furthermore, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the percentage of 80 per cent. is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, 
thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
The Issuer Call is exercisable in whole or in part and such exercise by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Issuer Call provided in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Issuer Call) is exercisable 
in whole or in part. If the Issuer decides to redeem certain Notes in part only, such partial redemption may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the 
number of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Issuer Call is exercised, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Early redemption of the Notes for tax reasons 
In the event that (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of the Notes due 
to withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein having power to tax, or (ii) if 
early redemption for tax non-deductibility is specified as applicable to the Notes in the Final Terms and 
deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes is materially reduced for Italian income tax 
purposes, in each case, as a result of changes, amendments or clarifications to applicable laws and regulations, 
all as better specified in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), the Issuer may exercise its option to 
redeem all outstanding Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of such Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a “Relevant Factor”).  
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices, 
(iii) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on payments on the Notes is 
likely to be magnified; and 
(iv) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
Furthermore, with regard to Floating Rate Notes, where the Reference Rate used to calculate the applicable Rate 
of Interest turns negative, the Rate of Interest will be below the Margin or may be zero.  Where the Rate of 
Interest is equal to zero, the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for 
certain or all interest periods. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such 
a benchmark, such as Floating Rate Notes. 
Regulation 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
EU.  Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark also in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorized by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognized 
or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation.  Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards.  This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Such factors may have (without limitation) the following 
effects on certain benchmarks:  (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, 
a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, 
without limitation, mid-swap rates), or any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service) becomes unavailable.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  The Terms and Conditions furthermore provide for 
certain fallback arrangements in case a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the 
rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser).  However, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
In addition, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if a successor rate, alternative rate or adjustment 
spread is to be applied following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, certain changes may be made to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders, if the Issuer - following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith - 
determines that such amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the successor rate, alternative 
rate and/or adjustment spread. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Maximum/Minimum Rate of Interest 
To the extent that a Minimum Rate of Interest applies, investors should consider that where the interest rate does 
not rise above the level of Minimum Interest Rate, comparable investments in notes which pay interest based 
on a fixed rate which is higher than the Minimum Interest Rate are likely to be more attractive to potential 
investors than an investment in the Notes.  Under those conditions, investors in the Notes might find it difficult

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
to sell their Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be able to realise the Notes at a price which 
may be substantially lower than the nominal amount. 
To the extent that a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, investors should be aware that the Rate of Interest is 
capped at such Maximum Interest Rate level.  Consequently, investors may not participate in any increase of 
market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of the Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that changes from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to change the interest basis, and any change of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
2. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued).  Although 
application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop.  Furthermore, if the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest 
rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Conditions do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuer may from time to 
time incur.  In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the 
Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of the Issuer’s 
unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders.  In addition, 
the Notes are unsecured and do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer (as defined in 
the Conditions) over present and future indebtedness and the Conditions also do not contain a negative pledge.  
Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency 
or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, investors should be aware that:  (i) such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes; (ii) a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to review, revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency; and (iii) notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely 
affect the trading price for the Notes. 
The Issuer’s entire share capital is owned by the Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance, any change in 
ownership of the Issuer might impact ratings and consequently the Issuer’s ability to refinance debt. 
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Investors regulated in the UK 
are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances) or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances) or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
certification has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, EU and UK regulated investors, as applicable, may 
no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment.  This may result in EU and UK regulated investors, as applicable, selling the Notes which may impact 
the value of the Notes and any secondary market.  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms).  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if Noteholders’ financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency.  These include the risk that there may be a material change in the exchange rate between the Specified 
Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency or that a modification of exchange controls by the applicable 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Noteholder’s Currency will be imposed.  The Issuer has no control over 
the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and 
demand for the applicable currencies.  Moreover, if payment on the Notes are determined by reference to a 
formula containing a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between the 
applicable currencies will be magnified.  In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been 
volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future.  An 
appreciation in the value of the Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease:  (i) the 
Noteholder’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme 
may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Such Notes may subsequently be 
delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to 
the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a 
Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Any such modifications to the Notes may have an adverse impact on Noteholders’ 
rights and on the market value of the Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes.  Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes.  Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement 
action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant. 
Potential conflict of interest of a Dealer acting as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent in 
respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme.  In such a case the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, Additional Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in 
the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent will, where relevant, 
have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the cross-reference tables below, which is contained in the following documents 
which have previously been published, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
(a) 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 and the auditors’ report thereon: 
Balance Sheet .................................................................................................................................  
Pages 59 – 60 
Income Statement ...........................................................................................................................  
Page 61 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ...............................................................................................  
Page 62 
Statement of Changes in net equity ..................................................................................................  
Pages 63 – 64 
Statement of Cash Flows .................................................................................................................  
Pages 65 -66 
Notes to the Financial Statements ....................................................................................................  
Pages 71 -169 
Independent Auditors’ Report..........................................................................................................  
Pages 199 – 206 
 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 and the auditors’ report thereon can be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.amco.it/wp-content/themes/amco2019/societa-trasparente-
pdf/06_Bilanci/AMCO_ENG_%20Bilancio%20consolidato%202020_v6.pdf 
(b) 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 and the auditors’ report thereon: 
Balance Sheet .................................................................................................................................  
Pages 49 – 50 
Income Statement ...........................................................................................................................  
Page 51 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ...............................................................................................  
Page 52 
Statement of Changes in net equity ..................................................................................................  
Page 53 
Statement of Cash Flows .................................................................................................................  
Pages 54 -55 
Notes to the Financial Statements ....................................................................................................  
Pages 57 -152 
Independent Auditors’ Report..........................................................................................................  
Pages 175 – 185 
 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 and the auditors’ report thereon can be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.amco.it/wp-content/themes/amco2019/societa-trasparente-
pdf/06_Bilanci/2019%20Consolidated%20Annual%20Report-ENG.pdf 
(c) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions” on pages 30-59 of the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 8 July 2020 (the “2020 Base Prospectus”). 
The 2020 Base Prospectus can be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.amco.it/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/AMCO-EMTN-2020-Update-Base-Prospectus-
08.07.2020.pdf 
Any other information contained in any of the documents specified above that is not included in the cross-
reference list above is either not relevant to investors rather than information required by the relevant Annexes 
of the Delegated Regulation, or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained from the website of the Issuer as specified above, from the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy L-1855 
Luxembourg and will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the 
issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes and the reason for the issuance of the Notes and its 
impact on the Issuer which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined 
at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus, provided that any such information which constitutes a 
significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus will not be included in the 
Final Terms but will - together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of 
Notes - be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of relevant Final Terms, those relevant Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the “Registration 
Document”) containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the “Securities 
Note”) containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.  
In addition, if the Drawdown Prospectus is constituted by a Registration Document and a Securities Note, any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Registration 
Document arises or is noted between the date of the Registration Document and the date of the Securities Note 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes, a supplement to the Registration Document 
will be prepared.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
• 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, together with Euroclear, the “ICSDs”); and 
• 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based 
on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the same Series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in 
each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions) occurs; (ii) both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE”. 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall 
be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes 
of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions.  For a description of the relevant provisions applicable in such 
circumstances where any Note is still represented by a Global Note, see “Overview of Provisions relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form”.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Notes, will be applicable to each Tranche of Notes.  These Terms and 
Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A., formerly known as Società per la Gestione di 
Attività – S.G.A. S.p.A. (“AMCO” or the “Issuer”) has updated a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of €6,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms and conditions of the Senior 
Notes (the “Conditions”) are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a Final 
Terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions.  The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 27 July 2021 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) 
and the paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which 
is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are subject 
to its detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) and, 
where applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  The expression 
“Notes” shall, where the context so permits, include Receipts.  Copies of the Agency Agreement 
are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of 
the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Calculation Agent” (if any) means such Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating such amount(s) (other than the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Additional Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Rate 1” and “CMS Rate 2” shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular Designated 
Maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market; 
(iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office 
of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank market; or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Additional 
Calculation Agent; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 ×(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)]+ (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows; 
[360 ×(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)]+ (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
[360 ×(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)]+ (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
for Tax Reasons); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, subject to 
any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; “Floor” means 
a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Legislative Decree No. 239” has the meaning given in Condition 9 (Taxation); 
“Leverage” means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
“Optional Redemption Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in London 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Reorganisation” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Events of Default); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each 
case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 5 (Interest); 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date“ 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-
annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA 
with a designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United 
States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three 
months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, or if the applicable Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate 
and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any 
proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
to reduce the amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on any date in respect 
of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the 
Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment, to effect the exchange or 
substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be 
formed; to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to amend the definition of “Reserved Matter”; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of 
the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro;

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
“Tax Event” means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons). 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination.  Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.  No Person shall have any right to enforce any term 
or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer present and future (save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application).

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
5. 
Interest 
Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) below is applicable to the Notes if (a) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if Change of Interest 
Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods 
for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions of the relevant Final Terms are stated to apply. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable Interest 
Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject 
as provided in these Conditions.  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.  
Payment of any Broken Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to the Notes if (a) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if Change of Interest 
Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods 
for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions of the relevant Final Terms are stated to apply. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable Interest 
Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 8 (Payments).  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(3) 
if, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, 
in the case of (2) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page 
or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the 
Additional Calculation Agent will: 
(I) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(II) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(4) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Additional Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Additional Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Additional 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if the Additional Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be: 
(1) 
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Additional Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑+ 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 
(2) 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Additional 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋× 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑 
(3) 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 2” is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Additional Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋× 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑+ 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 
(4) 
where “Steepner CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Additional 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(I) 
where “Steepner CMS Reference Rate:  Unleveraged” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑 𝟏𝟏−𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑 𝟐𝟐 
or 
(II) 
where “Steepner CMS Reference Rate:  Leveraged” is 
specified in the applicable Final 
𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓:𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋× [(𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑 𝟏𝟏;𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂−𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑 𝟐𝟐)]+ 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 
(5) 
where “Call Spread CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Additional Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋 × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 [𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑𝐑+ 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅);𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂] 
If the Relevant Screen Rate is not available, the Additional Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the 
Additional Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question.  If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Additional Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the 
CMS Reference Banks provides the Additional Calculation Agent with

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate 
shall be determined by the Additional Calculation Agent in good faith 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Additional 
Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA 
Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The definition of ‘Fallback Observation Day’ in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “‘Fallback Observation Day’ 
means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding 
Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless 
otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment 
Date”. 
(c) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The amount of interest payable in respect of any 
Note for any period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, Additional Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times 
at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  The relevant 
amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, Additional 
Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications Etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, Additional Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2, unless defined above, 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Additional Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Rate” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for the relevant 
period, as specified for each in the Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms 
or if none is so specified, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
5.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 5.3 shall apply. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.3(b)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5.3(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.3(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 5.3. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5.3), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, 
Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 5.3(e) below; 
or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.3), with effect as from 
the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered 
pursuant to Condition 5.3(e) below. 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable), in such manner as will be specified in the notice delivered 
pursuant to Condition 5.3(e) below. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.3 and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
(B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5.3(e), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.3(d) the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, Etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, Additional Calculation Agent (if any), the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.3; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, Additional Calculation Agent (if any), the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.3(a) to 5.3(e), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2 will continue to apply 
unless and until the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders have been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread 
and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5.3(e). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) on or before the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period, or if a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate is not determined or adopted pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5.3 prior to such 
date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3, unless defined above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders (as a class) as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate in the circumstances. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5.3(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and 
(b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (ii)(a); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the date falling six months 
prior to the date specified in (iv)(a); or 
(v) 
the later of (a) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, stating, or to the effect, that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (v)(a); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent or the Issuer to

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5.3(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the European Systemic Risk Board, or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.4 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes) or Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), each applicable only for the relevant Interest 
Periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer’s Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer, may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a “Switch Option”), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
“Switch Option Expiry Date” and “Switch Option Effective Date” shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Scheduled Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if any) to the date of 
redemption, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned below) in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being not applicable or otherwise do not apply in respect of the Interest Period 
in which the date fixed for redemption falls); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable or apply in respect of the Interest Period in 
which the date fixed for redemption falls), 
and, in either case, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules of the 
Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the application or interpretation (or application or 
interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, 
including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation 
by any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally 
accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written confirmation given by 
the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, 
amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
(B) 
if early redemption for tax non-deductibility is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any change 
in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or applicable 
accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change 
in, or amendment or clarification the application or interpretation (or 
application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations 
or applicable 
accounting standards, including 
the publication 
or 
pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or 
authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or other 
rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise 
differs from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in 
respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issuance of the Notes; and (2) such 
non-deductibility cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due 
or, in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian 
income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due or, in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian 
income tax purposes. 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a 
senior officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, in the 
case of (B), is or will be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each 
case, as a result of such change, amendment or clarification.  Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 7.2, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 7.2. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance to, the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Condition 7.3 below is applicable if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Issuer Call 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.3, the Issuer shall

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice, in accordance with 
this Condition 7.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 7.3(a), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, 
subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 7.3(a) shall specify the 
serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
Condition 7.4 is applicable if the Noteholders Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
(b) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 7.4, the holder of a Note must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 7.4, may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note 
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 7.4, the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
Condition 7.5 is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
7.5 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call 
Option”) but subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes, at their principal amount 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
Condition 7.6 is applicable if the Three-Month par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
7.6 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Notes 
If the Three-Month par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the period starting three months prior to (but excluding) 
the relevant Maturity Date, at its option (“Three-Month par Call Option”), but subject to having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes, at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
7.7 
No Other Redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 7.1 
(Scheduled Redemption), Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer), Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), Condition 7.5 
(Clean-Up Call Option) and Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer from three months 
prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes) above. 
7.8 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default), shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 7.8 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
7.9 
Purchase 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided 
that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons are purchased therewith. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith).  Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.  Any Notes purchased by or on behalf 
of the Issuer and not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 8(h) (Payments other than in Respect of 
Matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 8(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in 
New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for Unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment)

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 8(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons Void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 8(f) is applicable or that the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 
Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders), Condition 7.5 (Clean-Up Call Option), Condition 7.6 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes) or 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in Respect of Matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against 
presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 8(c) (Payments in New York City) 
above). 
(i) 
Partial Payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for 
payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date 
of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of 
a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of 
any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required 
by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any 
Note on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended or supplemented (“Decree No. 239”); or 
(iv) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements 
and procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of 
the Issuer or its agents; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or 
Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(vii) 
any combination of items (i) through (vi). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA Withholding”) as a result of 
a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled 
to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding.  The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of 
Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
five days, or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within fifteen days, in 
each case of the due date for payment thereof; 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other material obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
(c) 
Cross default of Issuer: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer which, taken individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) (i) is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any original applicable grace period; or (ii) 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness, taken individually or in the aggregate, in excess of EUR 100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or 
judicial review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of any amount/an amount 
in excess of Euro 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), in 
aggregate, is rendered against the Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period 
of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, and such taking of possession or appointment is not terminated within 
90 days after the date thereof; 
(f) 
Insolvency etc.: the Issuer: 
(i) 
is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
(ii) 
becomes subject to any bankruptcy, compulsory liquidation, or otherwise becomes 
subject to or initiates or consents to judicial or administrative proceedings under any 
applicable insolvency, liquidation, composition or other similar laws; or 
(iii) 
ceases generally to pay its debts or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) 
enters into, or passes any resolution for, or becomes subject to any order by any 
competent court or administrative agency, or takes any action in relation to: 
(A) 
any arrangement with its creditors generally or any calls of creditors; or 
(B) 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, administrator, trustee 
or other similar official in relation to the Issuer of the whole or substantially 
the whole of its undertakings or assets; 
(g) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; 
(i) 
Corporate Reorganisation: the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a 
substantial part of its business, save for (i) the purposes of a reorganisation, restructuring, 
merger, amalgamation, transfer or contribution of assets or other similar transaction on terms 
approved by the Noteholders or (ii) the purposes of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
For the purpose of this provision, “Permitted Reorganisation” means an amalgamation, 
merger, spin-off, reconstruction, reorganisation, restructuring, transfer or contribution of assets 
or other similar transaction (a “relevant transaction”) whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, as appropriate, all or substantially all of such assets and 
undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body corporate, as a 
result of the relevant transaction, (i) assumes the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
and (ii) carries on the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by the Issuer

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
immediately prior thereto; and (iii) beneficially owns the whole or substantially the whole of 
the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer immediately prior thereto; or 
(j) 
Failure to take action: at any time any act, condition or thing which is required to be done, 
fulfilled or performed by the Issuer in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights under and perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under and 
in respect of the Notes; (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable; or (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the Republic of Italy, is not 
done, fulfilled or performed, 
then, subject as stated below, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately 
due and payable, at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the amount indicated 
at Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued interest without 
further action or formality. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant 
of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation 
Agent and initial Additional Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent or Additional Calculation Agent and additional 
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent and/or, as the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent and/or, as 
the case may be, Additional Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment 
of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system; and

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than 
the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how their vote was 
cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply but are subject to compliance 
with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time: 
(i) 
a meeting may be convened by the board of directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders’ 
Representative and shall be convened by either of them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held provided that there are one or more 
person(s) present holding or representing: 
(A) 
in the case of the first meeting, at least one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(B) 
in the case of the second meeting, third meeting or any subsequent meeting, 
more than one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, 
provided, however, that Italian law and/or the by-laws of the Issuer may from time to 
time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a different quorum 
at any of the above meetings (also depending on the matter to be transacted at such 
Meeting); 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any 
meeting convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for want of 
quorum) will be one or more person(s) holding or representing: 
(1) 
in the case of a meeting convened to resolve on a matter other than a 
Reserved Matter: 
(I) 
at the first meeting, more than one-half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(II) 
at the second meeting, third meeting and any subsequent 
meeting, at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes represented at the meeting; 
(2) 
in the case of a meeting convened to resolve on a Reserved Matter, at 
least one-half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, whether at first meeting, second meeting, third meeting or any 
subject meeting,

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
provided that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time to time (to the extent 
permitted under applicable Italian law) require a different majority which shall 
be indicated in the notice convening the relevant meeting. 
14.2 
Noteholders’ Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders’ Representative 
(rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the interests of Noteholders in 
respect of Notes, such appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a 
competent court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer.  Each such Noteholders’ 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
14.3 
Modification 
The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or to effect a modification of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such 
parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
16. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if the Notes which are listed or 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second 
currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in 
part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 
0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English Law, except that 
Condition 14.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ 
Representative (rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions 
The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and 
“Disputes”) and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate Forum 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts 
of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle 
any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited with registered office at 
15 Northfields Prospect, London SW18 1PE, England as its agent of process in any Proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute.  If Laurentia Financial Services Limited is 
not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, 
failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer.  Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(e) 
Non-Exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be construed 
so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law.

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms 
of the Notes.  The Final Terms of the Notes are for use in connection with issues of Notes with a denomination 
of at least €100,000 only (or its equivalent in another currency). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital 
markets products “]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600188E751D28E867 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 27 July 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under the previous base prospectus and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an 
earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020.  These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] 
July 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 8 July 2020 and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series): 
 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single series:] 
[Not Applicable/The notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
 
[(iv)] 
[Trade Date:] 
[●] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
 
[admitted to trading]: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable).] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●].  No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Minimum denomination of the Notes will be €100,000.) 
 
 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] % Fixed Rate [for the Interest Periods from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●] (the “Fixed Rate 
Period”)]] 
 
 
[[●] month EURIBOR] +/- [●]% per annum Floating Rate 
[for the Interest Periods from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●] (the “Floating Rate Period”)]] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest [for the Interest 
Periods from (and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●] (the 
“Floating Rate Period”)]] 
 
 
See paragraphs [11/12] below. 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs 11 and 12 
below)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switch Option(s): 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) in Interest Basis subject to the Switch Option(s) 
applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
 
[(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[●]] 
10. 
Put/Call Options 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
 
 
[Three-Month par Call Option] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
 
Early 
redemption 
for 
tax 
non-
deductibility 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/ 
semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year from (and including) [●] up to and 
including the Maturity Date/[●]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual 360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
/ [Eurobond Basis] 
12. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / [FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] / [No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
[Specified Period: [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.]

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(vii) 
Calculation of other amounts 
by the Additional Calculation 
Agent 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [●] [Name] shall be the 
Additional 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
calculating [●] [Specify manner of calculation] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
 
 
[CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 2/Steepner CMS 
Reference Rate: Unleveraged/Steepner CMS Reference 
Rate: Leveraged/Call Spread CMS Reference Rate] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall 
be “CMS Rate 1” and the CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [●] shall be “CMS Rate 2”] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the Designated 
Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference Currency 
is euro): [Second day on which the Target2 system is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference Currency 
is other than euro): [Second (specify type of day) prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other (give 
details)] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify relevant 
screen page and any applicable headings and captions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] time/other 
(give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Cap: 
[[●] % per annum] 
 
• 
Floor: 
[[●] % per annum]

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
 
• 
Leverage: 
[[●] % per annum] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of an EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.  In the case of a CMS Linked Interest 
Note, if based on euro then the first day of each Interest 
Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]% per annum. 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[●]% per annum.] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[●]% per annum.] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
13. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition [7.8(b)] 
(Redemption and Purchase – 
Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: 
[[●] in each year beginning on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount.  
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
15. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[●] per Calculation 
16. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Three-Month par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[[Not Applicable] / [●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on or after the Exchange Date.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; and 
(2) default of the Issuer.] 
21. 
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment.] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments.  
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 28 coupon payments are still to be made]/[No] 
 
 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [●]] 
24. 
Unmatured Coupons void 
[Condition 8(f) applies/does not apply]

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
Third Party Information 
[●] has been extracted from [●].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
___________________________________ 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other 
(specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] with effect from [●].] and on [specify] 
with effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable.] (where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses of 
admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes to 
be issued have been rated: 
 
[Fitch: 
[●]] 
 
[[Other]: 
[●]]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
CRA Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”).  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the CRA 
Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “UK CRA Regulation”)

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK 
CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)][and][ Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
3. 
Additional Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base Prospectus, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown 
below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor ]and [its][their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Base Prospectus”/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus give details here.] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Benchmark Rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary].  As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union or the United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7. 
Operational Information 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[(iii) 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
[(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available]

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
(v) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] (Include this text if “Yes” selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them 
the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(vi) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number (s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●] 
(ix) 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(x) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Dealers: 
[●] 
(b) 
Date 
of 
subscription 
agreement: 
[●] 
(c) 
Stabilising 
manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(xi) 
If non-syndicated, name  
of Dealer 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
8. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category: [1/2] 
 
[TEFRA C] / [TEFRA D] / [TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case 
of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions, or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 18 July 2019 (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders 
of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions, or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the 
due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant.  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders 
of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions as they apply to the Global 
Note.  The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for 
the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, instruct the Fiscal Agent through the ICSDs. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 7.3 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the relevant Conditions but in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or 
the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note 
and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Save as otherwise specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable), the net proceeds from 
each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, including but not limited to 
refinancing of existing debt.  In particular, AMCO may, on the basis of future liquidity requirements of each of 
the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato and the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato on the one hand, and 
the requirements of AMCO Patrimonio Generale on the other hand, decide to on-lend to either or both 
Patrimonio Destinato part or all of the net proceeds from each issue of Notes in order to fund its (or their) 
operational needs, determining the relevant terms on which the net proceeds will be so on-lent.  Net proceeds 
from each issue of Notes may be applied by the Issuer for financing business growth strategies.

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A. (“AMCO” or the “Issuer”) is a joint stock company limited by 
shares (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law.  Its registered office and headquarters are at Via Santa 
Brigida 39, 80133 Naples, Italy and Via del Lauro 5/7, 20121 Milan, respectively, and its telephone numbers 
are +39 081 7601111 (Naples) and +39 02 94457511 (Milan).  AMCO is registered with the register of 
companies of Naples under number 1635/89 and on the Registry of Financial Intermediaries pursuant to article 
106 of Legislative Decree 385/93 (the “Consolidated Banking Act”) under number 6.  Its fiscal code and VAT 
number is 05828330638. 
AMCO is a financial intermediary specialising in the management, servicing and recovery of non-performing 
exposures (crediti deteriorati) (“NPE”).  It has accumulated experience in the management of loans classified 
as defaulted (in sofferenze1), unlikely-to-pay (inadempienza probabili2) and overdrawn and/or past-due 
(esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti3) as a result of its role in the bailout of Banco di Napoli S.p.A. (“Banco di 
Napoli”).  See further “History” below.  Following Legislative Decree no. 59 of 3 May 2016 (converted into 
law by Law no. 119 of 30 June 2016), the entire share capital of AMCO was acquired by the Italian Ministry of 
the Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and the corporate purpose of AMCO was modified thereby stating expressly 
that AMCO may perform the servicing and recovery of receivables originated by parties other than Banco di 
Napoli. 
Pursuant to its by-laws, AMCO’s period of incorporation will end on 31 December 2100, subject to any 
extension.  As provided by Article 3 of its by-laws, AMCO’s corporate purpose is to acquire and manage with 
a view to realise, in a cost-effective manner, receivables originated by banks registered in the register referred 
to in article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, by companies belonging to banking groups registered in the 
register referred to in article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act and by financial intermediaries registered in 
the register referred to in article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act, even if such entities do not belong to a 
banking group.  In addition, AMCO may purchase shares and other financial assets, including asset backed 
securities collateralised by receivables originated by banks, companies belonging to banking groups and by 
financial intermediaries even if such entities do not belong to a banking group and shares of closed-end 
investment funds, reserved for professional investors, set up for the subscription of shares issued by banks or 
for the subscription and/or purchase of securities issued by companies established to finance the purchase of 
receivables originated by banks, companies belonging to banking groups and financial intermediaries even if 
such entities do not belong to a banking group, or for the direct purchase of such receivables.  Furthermore, 
AMCO may – also acting through dedicated asset pools (patrimoni destinati) constituted in accordance with 
Article 5 of Law Decree no. 99 of 25 June 2017 (converted into law by Law no. 121 of 31 July 2017) and the 
conditions set forth in the ministerial decrees adopted pursuant thereto – (i) grant loans, directly or indirectly, 
to debtors assigned to it or managed by it pursuant to such law, as well as to vehicles or undertakings for 
collective investment set up to purchase and manage, directly or indirectly, loans and receivables originated by 
banks, financial intermediaries even if such entities do not belong to a banking group and by companies 
belonging to banking groups, provided that such loans pursue, also through the intermediation of the 
management platform, to maximise the realisation value of the underlying receivables (and other assets and 
legal relationships accessory thereto or connected therewith); and (ii) carry out leasing activities and as such 
become party to the receivables and obligations arising under the relating leasing contracts. 
AMCO’s corporate purpose includes management and judicial/extra-judicial recovery of receivables originated 
by banks, by companies belong to banking groups and by financial intermediaries even if such entities do not 
belong to a banking group, pursuant to mandates received from the originators.  When acting pursuant to 
mandates from securitisation vehicles incorporated under Law no. 130 of 30 April 1999 (the “Securitisation 
Law”), AMCO may perform the role of the party appointed to carry out receivables collection, cash and 
                                              
1 
In sofferenze are exposures to debtors that are insolvent or in substantially similar circumstances. 
2 
Inadempienza probabili (other than those classified as in sofferenza), also referred to as UTP, are those exposures in 
respect of which it is believed the debtors are unlikely to meet their contractual obligations in full unless action such 
as the enforcement of guarantees is taken. 
3 
Esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti (other than those classified among in sofferenza and inadempienza probabili), 
also referred to as PD, are those exposures that are overdrawn and/or past-due by more than 90 days and for above a 
predefined amount.

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
payment services and to verify compliance with the law and the prospectus in accordance with Article 2, 
paragraphs 6 and 6bis of the Securitisation Law. 
The aforementioned activities are to be performed with reference to NPEs and, secondarily, receivables that are 
classified (whether upfront or at a later stage) as performing.  These activities may be carried out in Italy and, 
subject to compliance with applicable law and any requisite authorisations, outside Italy. 
In order to achieve its corporate purpose, AMCO may carry out transactions concerning the management, in 
any form, the disinvestment and the disposal of receivables, participations and other financial assets; as well as, 
incidentally, any other commercial, financial, securities and real estate transactions in compliance with 
applicable law.  In accordance with Article 18, paragraph 3 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
AMCO may carry out, vis-à-vis the assigned debtors as part of its receivables management activities, trading 
for its own account and execute orders on behalf of customers, in each case inclusing derivative financial 
instruments. 
AMCO may also issue bonds in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  The Board of Directors has 
authority to approve issuances of financial instruments other than shares or that are not convertible into shares.  
The adoption of a programme for the issuance of these financial instruments that are to be listed on the regulated 
markets, or individual issuances of such instruments otherwise than under a programme that has been approved 
by the shareholders, may only be made if there are ascertained financial needs of AMCO and are subject to prior 
approval by the shareholders pursuant to Article 2364, paragraph 1(5) of the Italian Civil Code. 
According to Law no. 259 of 21 March 1958, the Court of Auditors (Corte dei Conti) has the authority to 
supervise the financial management of companies owned by the Italian Government, including AMCO.  As a 
financial intermediary registered on the register of financial intermediaries pursuant to Article 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, AMCO is also subject to regulatory supervision by the Bank of Italy as the 
competent supervisory authority. 
In addition, in August 2018, AMCO has set up a subsidiary in Romania, AMCO – Asset Management Company 
Srl (“AMCO Srl”, previously named Società per la Gestione di Attività S.r.l.).  AMCO Srl is wholly owned by 
AMCO and has been incorporated to carry out the administration and recovery of receivables originated through 
operations of VB’s branches/subsidiaries in Romania (see further “Recent developments – VB Receivables 
originated through operations of branches/subsidiaries in Croatia, Albania, Moldova and Romania”). 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of AMCO as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
At the Shareholder’s Meeting of 29 November 2019, the Ministry of Economy and Finance approved the share 
capital increase of AMCO for a total of Euro 1,000,000,000, of which Euro 597,000,000 to the nominal share 
capital and Euro 403,000,000 to the share premium reserve.  Following the full subscription of the above-
mentioned share capital increase by AMCO’s sole shareholder, the share capital of the company went from Euro

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
3,000,000 (represented by 3,000,000 ordinary shares without nominal value) to Euro 600,000,000 (represented 
by 600,000,000 ordinary shares without nominal value). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, following the acquisition of the MPS Compendium (see "—Other 
Investments and activities—Monte Paschi di Siena S.p.A."), AMCO’s share capital is equal to Euro 655,153,674 
divided into (i) 600,000,000 ordinary shares with no nominal value owned by the MEF, and (ii) 55,153,674 
Class B Shares with no nominal value and no voting rights owned by the MEF and other shareholders and 
include treasury shares.  The MEF retains 99.78% of the ownership and 100% of voting rights of AMCO. 
History 
Incorporated in 1989, AMCO commenced its activities with the servicing and recovery of receivables owned 
by Banco di Napoli in December 1996 in the context of the bailout and subsequent privatisation of the bank 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 497 of 24 September 1996 (converted into law by Law no. 588 of 19 
November 1996). 
Over the years, AMCO purchased receivables then administered by AMCO, with a view to a recovery of the 
receivables aimed at maximising their realisation value.  These purchases included in particular: 
• 
the acquisition in December 1996 from Banco di Napoli of a portfolio of defaulted loans, problem and 
restructured loans and certain other receivables at risk (the “Banco di Napoli Receivables”) with an 
aggregate nominal value of approximately €8.98 billion, for a consideration of approximately €6,425.9 
million, of which €6,272.9 million constituted loan receivables and €153 million constituted other 
receivables.  See further “Business – Banco di Napoli Receivables” below; 
• 
the acquisition in July 2000 of a portfolio of problem loans from Isveimer – Istituto per lo Sviluppo 
Economico dell’Italia Meridionale S.p.A. (in liquidation) (“Isveimer”) with a gross book value of 
€1,098.8 million, for a consideration of €288.6 million (the “Isveimer Receivables”).  See further 
“Business – Isveimer Receivables” below. 
In September 2002, AMCO acquired from Isveimer its entire participation in Gestione e Recupero Attivi 
Anomali da Leasing – G.r.a.a.l. – S.r.l., that was subsequently merged into AMCO. 
Since April 2016, AMCO has been registered as a financial intermediary pursuant to Article 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Following Legislative Decree no. 59 of 3 May 2016 (converted into law by Law no. 119 of 30 June 2016), the 
entire share capital of AMCO was acquired by the MEF and the corporate purpose of AMCO was modified so 
as to refer expressly to the servicing and recovery of receivables originated by parties other than Banco di 
Napoli.  In the context of the liquidation of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. (“BPVi”) and Veneto Banca 
S.p.A. (“VB”), Law Decree no. 99 of 25 June 2017 (converted into law by Law no. 121 of 31 July 2017) (“Law 
Decree 99/2017”), as implemented by the decree no. 221 issued by MEF on 22 February 2018 (the “MEF 
Decree”), provide for AMCO to purchase a portfolio of non-performing receivables from the liquidators of 
BPVi and VB (respectively, the “BPVi Liquidators” and “VB Liquidators”) classified as defaulted, unlikely 
to pay or past due (respectively, the “BPVi Portfolio” and the “VB Portfolio” and the corresponding 
receivables, the “BPVi Receivables” and the “VB Receivables”) having underlying approximately 110,000 
debt positions with an aggregate gross book value of approximately €16.7 billion as of 11 April 2018, and for 
AMCO to administer and service such receivables with a view to their recovery and to maximise their realisation 
values.  As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “BPVi/VB Liquidators” shall refer to the BPVi Liquidators 
and/or the VB Liquidators, and the terms “BPVi/VB Portfolios” and “BPVi/VB Receivables” shall refer to the 
BPVi Portfolio and/or the VB Portfolio, and the BPVi Receivables and/or the VB Receivables, in each case, as 
the context requires.  See further “Recent Developments – Acquisition of the BPVi/VB Receivables”.  AMCO 
played a strategic role in the context of the liquidation of BPVi and VB and the sale of part of the two banks’ 
activities (other than the non-performing exposures) to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (“Intesa Sanpaolo”).  In this 
connection, it should be noted that since the Italian State has guaranteed the repayment of loans granted by 
Intesa Sanpaolo to finance the winding down of BPVi and VB in case the liquidation mass was insufficient to 
reimburse such loans, an efficient and speedy recovery of the BPVi/VB Receivables is in the interest of all 
parties concerned (MEF, AMCO and the BPVi/VB Liquidators alike).

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
The size of the BPVi/VB Portfolios (comprised of approximately €16.7 billion in gross book value of 
receivables assigned up front plus additional non-performing receivables to be added to the portfolios further to 
their re-assignment by Intesa Sanpaolo) rendered AMCO the fifth largest player in the Italian NPE market in 
terms of volume of assets under management and the first operator in the management of unlikely to pay and 
past due loans.  Management believes that the BPVi/VB transaction gives AMCO a competitive advantage to 
become the preferred management platform for other NPE portfolios in Italy by enabling AMCO to benefit 
from economies of scale in its activities and to continue to accumulate expertise in its core business of NPE 
servicing and recovery. 
As at 31 December 2020, AMCO holds a portfolio of non-performing exposures with a gross book value of 
about €34.0 billion. Such assets under management are comprised of approximately 58% bad loans and 42% 
UTP and PD, managed with an approach aimed at fostering corporates’ sustainability. 
Business Strategy 
In pursuit of AMCO’s goal to play a key role in the Italian NPE market as master and special servicer of both 
proprietary and third parties portfolios, and in contemplation of the significant increase in size of its assets under 
management following the portfolio acquisitions of 2019 and 2020, the firm: 
• 
amended its by-laws to provide for the attribution of powers and delegation of authorities to specific 
board members, taking into consideration the new business model and the new internal organisation 
and so as to allow for the flexibility needed in the management of the enlarged portfolios of receivables; 
• 
defined a new business model, especially for the management of unlikely-to-pay and past due 
receivables; finalising the arrangements for outsourcing the management of selected portfolio clusters 
to specialised third party special servicers and the interim special servicing arrangements for the 
securitised positions (see further paragraphs headed “In-house structure” and “Interim Special 
Servicing of the securitised receivables” in “AMCO’s portfolio management platform” below); 
• 
introduced a new organisational structure and hiring of personnel to have an adequate staff structure 
consistent with the increased volume and complexity of AMCO’s activities (see further “Corporate 
Governance, Organisational Structure and Internal Controls” below); 
• 
implemented relevant procedures and activities to manage the onboarding process of new portfolios and 
for migration of the underlying documentation and data tapes (see further “AMCO’s portfolio 
management platform – Back office and documentation management activities” below); and 
• 
leveraged on a new integrated ICT system to efficiently manage back-end and front-end activities for 
the current portfolios under management and ready for onboarding of new portfolios (see further 
“AMCO’s portfolio management platform – Information Technology Infrastructure” below). 
Business 
AMCO’s core business is the servicing and recovery of non-performing receivables.  The company has 
accumulated significant expertise over the years in the management and value enhancement of non-performing 
exposures, through both judicial and extra-judicial processes, and possesses an efficient platform for the 
servicing of receivables and realisation of the underlying real estate properties and other collaterals. 
To assist in the pursuit of its objective to become a leading player in the Italian NPE market, AMCO has obtained 
a servicer rating from Fitch Ratings.  In particular, Fitch Ratings assigned to AMCO an Italian Residential and 
Commercial Special Servicer rating of respectively ‘RSS2-’ and ‘CSS2-’, and an Asset-Backed Securities 
(ABS) Special Servicer rating of ‘ABSS2-’.  Level 2 ratings are assigned to servicers that demonstrate high 
performance in overall servicing ability in accordance with Fitch Ratings’ methodology. For further updates on 
the recent ratings confirmation refer to the Recent Developments section of this Base Prospectus and to the 
Issuer’s institutional website. 
 
On 12 December 2019, the rating agency Fitch placed AMCO’s Long-Term and Short-Term Issuer Default 
Ratings (IDRs), respectively “BBB-” and “F3”, on positive watch.  The decision follows the resolution of the

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
capital increase (announced on 29 November 2019) and the involvement in the derisking plan of Carige Group 
(announced on 3 December 2019).  On 6 May 2020 – following a rating review process started in December 
2019- Fitch Ratings confirmed the “BBB-” and “F3” ratings, moving the Outlook to Stable.  As a result, 
AMCO’s current rating is equal to the Italian Sovereign rating.  
On 23 July 2019, AMCO also obtained by S&P Ratings an LTIDR and a Senior Unsecured Debt IDR of BBB 
with a negative outlook.  The rating was confirmed on occasion of the second bond issuance of €600m placed 
in October 2019.  In 2019 AMCO continued the growth started in 2018, through the acquisition of new portfolios 
and the development of new business initiatives to offer receivables servicing and management services to third 
parties, as well as other consultancy and technical support services in the NPE market in Italy. For further 
updates on the recent ratings confirmation refer to the Recent Developments section of this Base Prospectus and 
to the Issuer’s institutional website. 
The following paragraphs set out an overview of the portfolios currently under management. 
Within the aforementioned assets under management, in addition to servicing and managing proprietary loans 
that form part of its general assets, AMCO also services and manages receivables that form part of dedicated 
asset pools constituted specifically for such purposes (each, a “Patrimonio Destinato”).  In accordance with 
the arrangements with the BPVi/VB Liquidators, a portion of the recoveries that form part of the dedicated 
assets of each Patrimonio Destinato constituted for the purposes of the BPVi Receivables (the “Gruppo Vicenza 
Patrimonio Destinato”) and the VB Receivables (the “Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato”), referred to 
in the Receivables Transfer Agreements as Competenze AMCO, will be paid to AMCO and will form part of 
AMCO’s general assets: see further below “Recent Developments – Acquisition of the BPVi/VB Receivables – 
AMCO’s Share of Recoveries”.  As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimonio Destinato” shall refer to the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato and/or the Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimonio Destinato, as the context requires. 
The Banco di Napoli Receivables, the Isveimer Receivables and the GRAAL Receivables 
Banco di Napoli and Isveimer Receivables 
The Banco di Napoli Receivables were purchased by AMCO from Banco di Napoli pursuant to a receivables 
transfer agreement dated 31 December 1996 for a consideration of approximately €6.42 billion.  At the same 
time, Banco di Napoli granted to AMCO a loan corresponding to the purchase price of the Banco di Napoli 
Receivables and other loans to cover the expenses for servicing the receivables.  AMCO acted initially as master 
servicer of the Banco di Napoli Receivables, while Banco di Napoli carried out, on a gratuitous basis, the day-
to-day servicing and administration of the receivables under the supervision and coordination of AMCO 
pursuant to a separate mandate (the “Servicing Mandate”).  AMCO commenced servicing a small portion of 
the Banco di Napoli Receivables in 2001 (approximately 250 loans for a gross book value of €0.3 billion).  
Following an agreement between the parties in October 2014, AMCO assumed directly the servicing of the 
entire portfolio (approximately 5,200 loans for a gross book value of €3 billion) and the Servicing Mandate 
terminated in April 2015.  In April 2016 AMCO entered into a settlement with companies of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
group pursuant to which AMCO received €2.5 million by way of compensation towards the conclusive 
settlement of all outstanding claims between the parties in respect of the Banco di Napoli Receivables. 
The Isveimer Receivables (with a gross book value as at 1 July 2000 of approximately €1,098.8 million) were 
purchased by AMCO from Isveimer, with Bank of Italy’s authorisation, pursuant to a receivables transfer 
agreement dated 5 July 2000 for a consideration of approximately €288.6 million, which was paid in part by the 
assumption by AMCO of Isveimer’s debt obligation to repay €28.9 million pledged to secure the receivables 
and in part by instalments against amounts subsequently recovered by AMCO in respect of the Isveimer 
Receivables net of servicing expenses which were withheld.  As a result of a guarantee obtained by AMCO 
from Isveimer that the overall recoveries would correspond the consideration, any shortfall between the net 
recoveries on the Isveimer Receivables and the consideration due from AMCO to Isveimer would have been 
compensated by an enforcement of such guarantee. 
On 19 September 2002, AMCO acquired from Isveimer its entire participation in Gestione e Recupero Attivi 
Anomali da Leasing – G.r.a.a.l. – S.r.l. (“GRAAL”) together with claims under a loan agreement granted to 
GRAAL by Isveimer, for a consideration of approximately €35.3 million, with a view to enabling the subsequent

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
acquisition by GRAAL of a portfolio of problem loans owned by B.N.  Commercio e Finanza S.p.A., a 
subsidiary of Isveimer.  GRAAL merged with, and was incorporated into, AMCO in 2009. 
The consideration for the Isveimer Receivables was paid in full by AMCO to Isveimer by the fourth quarter of 
2006 out of net recoveries from the Isveimer Receivables.  During 2007, AMCO and Isveimer entered into an 
agreement to settle all outstanding disputes between them concerning the Isveimer Receivables, pursuant to 
which AMCO agreed to pay to Isveimer a further amount representing servicing expenses withheld, which 
amount was fully covered by sums recovered on the Isveimer Receivables after the fourth quarter of 2006.  
Overall, €291.6 million was paid by AMCO to Isveimer by way of consideration for the Isveimer Receivables. 
BPVi/VB Receivables 
The Receivables Transfer Agreements 
In accordance with Law Decree 99/2017 and the MEF Decree, on 11 April 2018 AMCO entered into a 
receivables transfer agreement with each of the BPVi Liquidators and the VB Liquidators (the “BPVi 
Receivables Transfer Agreement” and the “VB Receivables Transfer Agreement”, respectively, together 
the “Receivables Transfer Agreements” and each, a “Receivables Transfer Agreement”) pursuant to which 
the BPVi/VB Liquidators assigned to AMCO (acting through and on behalf of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo 
Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) without recourse (pro soluto), the BPVi Receivables and the VB Receivables, 
with legal effect as of 11 April 2018 and economic effect as of 1 January 2018, and with reference to selected 
receivables whose assignment is subject to satisfaction of separate conditions stated in the agreements, legal 
and economic effect as of the first day of the calendar month after all the conditions precedent to their 
assignment have been satisfied (respectively, the “Legal Effective Date” and the “Economic Effective Date”). 
In accordance with the Receivables Transfer Agreements: 
• 
all amounts received and recovered in respect of the BPVi/VB Receivables as of the Economic Effective 
Date shall belong to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, provided that the 
BPVi/VB Liquidators may retain amounts received and recovered in respect of the BPVi/VB 
Receivables during the period from (and including) the Economic Effective Date to (and excluding) the 
Legal Effective Date towards satisfaction of the Purchase Price (as defined below); and 
• 
all expenses and costs incurred in respect of the recovery activities from (and including) the Economic 
Effective Date and accrued in respect of the period subsequent to the Economic Effective Date (to the 
extent not already paid by the BPVi/VB Liquidators) shall be borne by the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo 
Veneto Patrimonio Destinato. 
In compliance with the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017, notice of the assignment of the BPVi Receivables 
and the VB Receivables was published by the Bank of Italy on its internet website on 11 April 2018, rendering 
thereby the assignment of the BPVi/VB Receivables – in accordance with the provisions of Articles 3(2) and 
5(1) of Law Decree 99/2017 – fully effective vis-à-vis third parties. 
The BPVi Receivables and the VB Receivables 
The BPVi/VB Receivables are a portfolio of non-performing loans and, in the case of VB, classified as 
defaulted, unlikely-to-pay in accordance with Bank of Italy Circular no. 272/2008 and accounting principles, as 
at 26 June 2017 or following the outcome of the due diligence performed by Intesa Sanpaolo.  The BPVi/VB 
Receivables furthermore comprise, with a view to maximising the realisation value, also the obligations of BPVi 
and VB to make additional disbursements under unlikely-to-pay loans that are not yet fully disbursed as at the 
Legal Effective Date (the “UTP Commitments”) as well as the asset backed securities issued by the special 
purpose vehicles (Flaminia SPV S.r.l. and Ambra SPV S.r.l.) in the context of securitisation transactions 
implemented by BPVi and VB, respectively. 
As at 11 April 2018, the BPVi Portfolio comprised approximately 70,000 debt positions with a gross book value 
of approximately €9.0 billion; and the VB Portfolio comprised approximately 42,000 debt positions owed by 
debtors located in Italy with a gross book value of approximately €7.7 billion as well as approximately 9,000 
debt positions owed by debtors located in Croatia, Albania, Moldova and Romania with a gross book value of 
approximately € 0.7 billion.

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
On 16 April 2020 and 12 June 2020, Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. (in compulsory administrative 
liquidation) and Veneto Banca S.p.A. (in compulsory administrative liquidation) sold, respectively, a third and 
fourth tranche of so-called “high-risk or reclassified high-risk” credit to the Issuer, as transferred back by Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. in accordance with the provisions of article 5, paragraph 1, of Law Decree no. 99 of 25 June 
2017 and by the Decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance of 22 February 2018.  Furthermore, the so-
called “high-risk or reclassified high-risk” credit sold by Veneto Banca to the Issuer included credit transferred 
back to Veneto Banca by Banca Comerciala Intesa Sanpaolo Romania S.A., Privredna Banka Zagreb d.d. and 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania Sh.a. 
VB Receivables originated through operations of branches/subsidiaries in Croatia, Albania, Moldova and 
Romania 
The VB Receivables Transfer Agreement provides that the assignment of VB Receivables (originated through 
VB’s operations of branches/subsidiaries in Croatia, Albania, Moldova and Romania) is subject to obtaining all 
relevant Italian and foreign authorisations, as well as the appointment by AMCO of sub-servicers to perform 
the management and recovery of these receivables.  Pursuant to the VB Receivables Transfer Agreement, the 
legal and economic effective date of the assignment of these receivables shall take place as of the first day of 
the calendar month following satisfaction of both conditions precedent to their assignment which, in any case, 
shall be deemed to be satisfied one month after all relevant Italian and foreign authorisations have been obtained. 
After having obtained confirmation that no authorisation was required relating to the assignment of the 
receivables originated through operations of branches/subsidiaries in Croatia, Albania and Moldova, AMCO 
and the VB Liquidators reached an agreement on 19 July 2018 to amend and supplement the VB Receivables 
Transfer Agreement. Under the VB Receivables Transfer Agreement, the parties agreed that the legal and 
economic effective date for the assignment of these receivables would be 1 July 2018.  In relation to the 
receivables originated through operations of subsidiaries in Romania, the parties agreed that the legal and 
economic effective date for their assignment would be 1 August 2018 (or, in the case of properties that are the 
subject of leasing receivables, such later date indicated in the notarised deed, if any) and 1 July 2018, 
respectively. 
AMCO (acting through the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) has entered into agreements to outsource the 
recovery of some of these receivables (including leasing receivables) to third party servicers.   
Assignment to AMCO (acting through Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) of additional 
non-performing receivables forming part of legacy BPVi and BV securitisation transactions 
The sale of part of the business activities of BPVi and VB to Intesa Sanpaolo (other than non-performing 
exposures and the other assets and liabilities excluded pursuant to Law Decree 99/2017 from the sale to Intesa 
Sanpaolo) envisaged, inter alia, that in connection with Intesa Sanpaolo’s acquisition of certain asset-backed 
notes issued in the context of performing loans securitisation transactions implemented by BPVi and VB, non-
performing receivables included in the portfolios underlying these securitisations would be transferred back to 
BPVi/VB and would be added to the BPVi/VB Receivables assigned to AMCO (acting through Gruppo 
Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) pursuant to the BPVi/VB Receivables Transfer Agreements. 
Intesa Sanpaolo therefore transferred back to BPVi, on three separate occasions, nine portfolios of non-
performing receivables (comprising, in aggregate, approximately 3,220 debt positions with a gross book value 
of approximately €560 million) and underlying securitisation transactions implemented by BPVi through (i) 
Berica 5 Residential MBS S.r.l., Berica 6 Residential MBS S.r.l. and Berica Funding 2016 S.r.l.; (ii) Berica 
ABS S.r.l., Berica 9 Residential MBS S.r.l. and Berica 8 Residential S.r.l.; and (iii) Berica ABS 2 S.r.l., Berica 
10 Residential MBS S.rl. and Berica PMI2 S.r.l.  These receivables were subsequently assigned by BPVi to 
AMCO (acting through the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato) pursuant to three separate agreements 
entered into on 2 August 2018, 10 October 2018 and 23 November 2018, respectively, on substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPVi Receivables Transfer Agreement (including as to Purchase Price and the 
adjustment thereof, the retention by AMCO of the AMCO’s Share of Recoveries as well as provisions relating 
to the recovery of these receivables). 
Banca Apulia and Intesa Sanpaolo similarly transferred back to VB five portfolios of non-performing 
receivables (comprising, in aggregate, approximately 2,060 debt positions with a gross book value of 
approximately €321 million).

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
Special Servicing of the securitised receivables (Ambra SPV S.r.l. and Flaminia SPV S.r.l.) 
Between 9 and 12 October 2018, Credito Fondiario S.p.A. (in its capacity as master servicer), with the consent 
of AMCO (in its capacity, on behalf of the relevant Patrimonio Destinato, as holder of the asset backed securities 
issued in the context of the securitisation transactions implemented by Ambra SPV S.r.l. and Flaminia SPV 
S.r.l.), entered into agreements for the appointment of special servicers of these securitisation transactions.  As 
a result, with effective step-in date from 22 October 2018, the special servicing activities relating to these 
portfolios are performed by: (i) AMCO, with regard to those clusters identified as medium secured (Euro 200-
500k) and large (Euro >500k); (ii) third party special servicers, with regard to those clusters identified as small 
(Euro 0-200k) and medium unsecured (Euro 200-500k); and (iii) Farbanca, in respect of the portion of the 
portfolio originated by it with reference to the Ambra securitisation. 
On 27 April 2021, AMCO finalized the unwinding of the Ambra SPV S.r.l. and Flaminia SPV S.r.l. See “Recent 
Developments” for additional information. 
Purchase Price 
In line with the provisions of the MEF Decree, the purchase price for the BPVi/VB Receivables (the “Purchase 
Price”) takes the form of a claim by the BPVi/VB Liquidators against the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimonio Destinato, corresponding initially to the book value of the relevant receivables, as periodically 
adjusted to align with the greater or lesser realisation value of such receivables, subject to prior deduction of 
AMCO’s Share of Recoveries, costs and expenses (including those relating to the technical-organisational set-
up and those relating to AMCO’s funding, also by way of issuance of financial instruments, in such amounts as 
allocated to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) as well as losses and liabilities incurred, 
in each case in relation to the purchase, ownership, management, recovery and realisation (also through 
disposals) of the BPVi/VB Receivables.  The Receivables Transfer Agreements set out a list of items that must 
be deducted (without double counting) from the recoveries when determining the Purchase Price.  These items 
include (inter alia) interest and other amounts relating to loans/financial instruments obtained/issued (also on 
account of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) by AMCO, or cash advances granted by 
AMCO in favour of the BPVi/VB Patrimonio Destinato, in such amounts as allocated to the Gruppo 
Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, and AMCO’s Share of Recoveries, all as better specified in the 
Receivables Purchase Agreements.  The Purchase Price shall be paid by AMCO to the BPVi/VB Liquidators in 
quarterly instalments.  Each such quarterly instalment (a “Purchase Price Instalment”) shall correspond to the 
recoveries realised in respect of the BPVi/VB Receivables during the preceding Quarterly Reporting Period, 
less the items specified in the Receivables Transfer Agreements referring to expenses incurred, amounts 
disbursed, and interest/principal (re)payments made by the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio 
Destinato during the preceding Quarterly Reporting Period as well as AMCO’s Share of Recoveries for such 
period (the “Net Recoveries”), subject to the right to retain certain sums out of the Net Recoveries towards 
creation of a liquidity reserve. 
Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreements, AMCO (on behalf of each Patrimonio Destinato) is 
authorised to retain a part of the Net Recoveries to create a liquidity reserve to meet future expenses and 
disbursements.  The Receivables Purchase Agreements provide for the Purchase Price Instalment to be increased 
in determined circumstances, with the increase to be paid out of the sums so retained by AMCO, subject to the 
Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato’s right to reintegrate the liquidity reserve out of future 
Net Recoveries, or out of AMCO’s excess liquidity. 
The Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato shall notify the BPVi/VB Liquidators when the 
receivables management and recovery activities are deemed to have been concluded and exhausted and shall 
deliver the Final Report which shall indicate, amongst other details, the last Purchase Price Instalment due to 
the BPVi/VB Liquidators - being the difference between the Purchase Price and the sum of all Purchase Price 
Instalments already made - to be paid to the BPVi/VB Liquidators on the fifth business day after delivery of the 
Final Report. 
AMCO’s Share of Recoveries 
Each Receivables Transfer Agreement provides, in line with Law Decree 99/2017 and the MEF Decree, that 
prior to paying each Purchase Price Instalment to the BPVi/VB Liquidators, AMCO may retain a sum out of 
the amounts recovered in respect of the BPVi/VB Receivables.  This amount, defined in each Receivables

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
Transfer Agreement as Competenze AMCO (referred to herein as “AMCO’s Share of Recoveries”), is 
comprised of the following components: 
• 
a ‘corporate and administration’ component: for activities such as coordinating and supervising third 
party special servicers; general book-keeping and administrating accounting entries in respect of the 
debt positions; VAT, tax, anti-money laundering and other regulatory compliance activities; compliance 
with the accounting and periodic reporting obligations of each Patrimonio Destinato.  This component 
is calculated as a fixed percentage of the gross book value of the BPVi/VB Receivables (excluding 
those that are the subject of securitisations) as of the commencement of the relevant Quarterly Reporting 
Period; 
• 
a ‘special servicing’ component: for managing the recovery of receivables from time to time classified 
as defaulted or otherwise have characteristics analogous to receivables classified as such, where such 
recovery activities are performed directly by AMCO.  This component is calculated as a percentage of 
the gross book value of the relevant receivables (excluding those that are the subject of securitisation) 
as of the commencement of the relevant Quarterly Reporting Period, which percentage decreases over 
time in order to incentivise a speedy recovery of the receivables; 
• 
a ‘UTP servicing’ component: for managing the recovery of receivables from time to time classified as 
unlikely-to-pay, or classified as performing but in any case do not have characteristics analogous to 
receivables classified as defaulted, where such recovery activities are performed directly by AMCO.  
This component is calculated as a fixed percentage of the gross book value of the relevant receivables 
(excluding those that are the subject of securitisation) as of the commencement of the relevant Quarterly 
Reporting Period. 
The Receivables Transfer Agreements provide for a mechanism pursuant to which AMCO’s Share of 
Recoveries shall be adjusted at the end of every three years by reference to the ratio between the cumulative 
operating margin and the cumulative operating costs of AMCO in respect of the BPVi/VB Receivables during 
the relevant adjustment period (the “Margin Ratio”), the first such adjustment to be made with reference to the 
period from the Legal Effective Date to 31 December 2020.  The Receivables Transfer Agreements set forth 
defined parameters and depending on the range within which the Margin Ratio falls, there will either be nil 
adjustment, or alternatively AMCO will receive from the relevant Patrimonio Destinato an additional sum, or 
will return to the relevant Patrimonio Destinato all or part of the sums received during the adjustment period. 
Servicing and recovery activities 
The Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato shall administer the BPVi/VB Receivables with the 
objective of maximising their value, in accordance with Article 5(3) of Law Decree 99/2017 and with due 
professional diligence in compliance with Article 1176(2) of the Italian Civil Code. 
The Receivables Transfer Agreements provide that: 
• 
Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato may delegate the management, recovery and 
servicing of determined categories of BPVi/VB Receivables to third party operators, in compliance with 
regulatory provisions governing the outsourcing of activities; 
• 
Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato shall perform the obligations under the unlikely-to-pay; and the 
BPVi/VB Patrimonio Destinato may agree to modify the contractual terms of the BPVi/VB Receivables 
or agree to waivers or payment deferrals or restructuring; apply for enforcement of the collateral 
securing the receivables for the disposal thereof; purchase or subscribe for shares or other instruments 
deriving from the conversion of selected receivables, in compliance with prudent banking practice; sell 
selected receivables to third parties, or confer selected receivables to funds in consideration for 
participations in such funds, or implement transactions to securitise selected receivables; 
• 
the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato may make further disbursements pursuant to 
UTP/PD Commitments or, for the sole purpose of improving the prospects to recover the assigned 
receivables, grant new lines of credit to the assigned debtors in the context of debt restructuring 
arrangements agreed with the BPVi/VB Liquidators or in accordance with agreements stipulated in the 
context of applicable bankruptcy proceedings,

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
in each case, in line with what has been set forth in the Industrial Plan originally drafted. 
In line with the Receivable Transfer Agreements, and in order to meet liquidity needs relating to the management 
of the BPVi/VB Receivables and implementation of the each Receivables Transfer Agreement (including to 
perform obligations assumed, to meet recovery expenses and to grant new disbursements), the Receivables 
Transfer Agreements provide that: 
a) 
AMCO may (also on account of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato) obtain a 
line of credit or issue financial instruments, and/or may grant cash advances to the Gruppo 
Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, in each case at market rates.  The parties to the 
Receivables Transfer Agreements agree that sums towards repayment of principal under such line of 
credit, financial instruments or cash advances, as well as payment of interests and other expenses 
relating thereto, shall be made by AMCO out of recoveries in respect of the BPVi/VB Receivables, in 
priority to payment of the Purchase Price to the BPVi/VB Liquidators; 
b) 
upon request from the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato, the BPVi/VB Liquidators 
may, from time to time, agree to grant to each Patrimonio Destinato interest free cash advances, to be 
repaid by each Patrimonio Destinato: 
• 
in priority to payment of the Purchase Price; and 
• 
if agreed between the parties, after repayment of principal outstanding under loans or financial 
instruments referred to under sub-a) above, and/or payment of interests accrued and related 
expenses in respect thereof. 
Change of control of AMCO 
Pursuant to the Receivables Transfer Agreements, if AMCO ceases to be controlled by the Italian state, or in 
case of transfer or assignment of the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato to a party over 
which the Italian state does not exercise control pursuant to Article 2359(1)(1) of the Italian Civil Code, certain 
provisions regarding the management and servicing of the BPVi/VB Receivables, the funding of AMCO’s 
liquidity needs and the performance of extraordinary transactions shall be promptly renegotiated between the 
parties.  Pending completion of such renegotiations, certain acts specified in the Receivables Transfer 
Agreements may be performed by the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato only with the prior 
approval of the BPVi/VB Liquidators. 
Banca del Fucino receivables 
On 14 September 2019 the securitisation transaction of Non Performing Exposure portfolio of Banca Fucino 
was finalised with effect from 1 January 2019, for a Gross Book Value of Euro 297 million.  The portfolio, 
composed of around 3,000 debtors, includes both bad loans (for a Gross Book Value as at 31 December 2019 
of Euro 201 million) and loans classified as unlikely to pay/past due (for a Gross Book Value as at 31 December 
2019 of Euro 96 million).  In this transaction the parent company AMCO plays the role of master servicer and 
special servicer, as well as underwriting all tranche equity (junior and mezzanine notes) issued by the 
securitisation vehicle Fucino NPL’s S.r.l.  With regard to the dual role that AMCO plays in the securitisation 
transaction, as well as the role of the only investor in the Junior and Mezzanine Notes, in application of the 
IFRS 10 accounting standards, AMCO has a significant position of control over the securitisation vehicle 
according to such accounting standards.  Therefore, AMCO is responsible for the preparation and presentation 
of the consolidated financial statements. 
The Banca del Fucino transaction was part of AMCO’s plan to increase its business volumes, as contemplated 
in the recently approved 2019 – 2023 Strategic Guidelines. 
ICS Receivables 
In December 2019 AMCO acquired without recourse a portfolio of mortgage loans, constituted by positions 
classified as “Bad loans” from Istituto per il Credito Sportivo (“ICS”), for a Gross Book Value of EUR 47 
million.  The economic effectiveness of the operation was fixed at 1 April 2019.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
Banca Carige receivables 
During the first half of 2019 Carige launched competitive processes aimed at obtaining binding offers from 
market operators in the purchase and management of non-performing loans. 
On 20 December 2019, AMCO’s sale and purchase agreement of a portfolio of non-performing loans from 
Carige Group became effective following the closing of the capital increase of Banca Carige, which was a 
condition precedent to the contract.  The portfolio was purchased on a non-recourse basis (pro soluto) has a 
gross book value (GBV) of approximately €2.8 billion.  
As mentioned above, during 2020, on the basis of the agreements signed on 15 and 16 November 2019 between 
Banca Carige and AMCO, the purchase of loans relating to the Messina Group (gross book value of €310 
million) was successfully finalized. 
On 16 December 2020, AMCO signed an agreement with Banca Carige S.p.A. for the without recourse (pro 
soluto) block purchase - pursuant to Article 58 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 – of a 
portfolio of non-performing exposures (NPEs). The portfolio has a gross book value of €54 million, mostly 
related to corporate counterparties (100% unsecured), entirely classified as of non-performing loans (NPLs). 
The transaction, legally effective from 16 December 2020 and economically effective from 1 July 2020, 
confirms AMCO’s objective to pursue sustainable growth leveraging economies of scale, within a highly 
competitive market. 
On 22 March 2021, AMCO and Banca Carige announce closing of the transfer of a portfolio of non-performing 
loans arising from leasing contracts included in the scope of disposal defined by the parties in December 2019. 
Legally effective since 20 March 2021 and economically effective since 1 January 2021, the transaction is 
related to the disposal of a portfolio of bad loans and UTPs of approximately €70 million of GBV, arising 
primarily from real estate leasing contracts. The transaction is AMCO’s first purchase of leasing contracts and 
marks the substantial completion of Banca Carige’s radical derisking strategy set out in 2019.  
In managing the leasing portfolio, AMCO will leverage the expertise and capabilities of its Real Estate Division, 
which coordinates activities with the aim of enhancing the assets underlying the leasing agreements. 
Cuvée 
On 23 December 2019 AMCO subscribed an agreement for the constitution of a multioriginator platform to 
manage loans classified as unlikely to pay deriving from loans and credit facilities with a different nature granted 
to companies operating in the property sector.  The operation, called “Cuvée”, saw the creation of a management 
platform operation on several levels through: 
• 
the disposal of UTP loans by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, MPS Capital Services per le Imprese, 
UBI Banca, Banco BPM and AMCO itself to a securitisation vehicle (called “Ampre SPV Srl”); 
• 
the subscription of securities issued by the vehicle by a closed-end investment mutual fund reserved to 
professional investors (called “Back2Bonis”) and managed by Prelios SGR; and 
• 
assignment of the fund shares to the transferring shareholders in proportion to the value of the loans 
transferred. 
The Cuvée operation, with the objective of maximising the recovery through synergies and mechanisms of loans 
transferred otherwise not fully realisable (or in any case not realisable at the same economic conditions) requires 
AMCO, as master and special servicer and Prelios S.p.A. in its role of property advisor, to manage in partnership 
the loans portfolio derived from loans from EUR 3 million to EUR 30 million, aiming to strengthen the 
economic conditions of the debtor companies, where possible, to enhance the value of the property assets 
underlying the loan. 
It is planned for the operation to be implemented in several stages; in the first stage, completed in December 
2019, the positions of around 50 debtors were conferred to Ampre SPV S.r.l. for a total Gross Book Value of 
around EUR 450 million, of which EUR 111 million from MPS Group, EUR 121 million from UBI Banca, 
EUR 66 million from Banco BPM and EUR 154 million from AMCO, also through the Segregated Estates.  The

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
objective is to achieve a portfolio of EUR 1.5 billion managed through subsequent contributions.  In this 
operation, therefore, AMCO plays the role of: 
• 
direct transferor of loans with subsequent deconsolidation of transferred loans; 
• 
transferor via the loans Segregated Estates; 
• 
shareholder of the Back2Bonis Fund with a third-party fund of around 23%; 
• 
master and special servicer of the securitisation company Ampre SPV S.r.l.; and 
• 
subject issuing New Finance to the Back2Bonis Fund within the limits of the financing agreement 
subscribed. 
On 8 December 2020, AMCO announced that the Cuvée project entered its second phase, managed through the 
innovative multi-originator platform for management of UTP (Unlikely to Pay) loans in the real estate sector, 
subsequently extended to real estate leasing files, a truly new feature in the market.  Cuvée started in 2019 
thanks to AMCO and Prelios Group, under an agreement with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese, UBI Banca and Banco BPM.  With a new contribution of about €400 million in 
gross book value, the total amount of loans managed by the platform has grown to about €850 million, 
confirming its position among the leaders in the Italian market and making the Back2Bonis Fund one of 
Europe’s most important credit funds specializing in Unlikely to Pay loans in the real estate sector. 
The Back2Bonis Fund managed by Prelios SGR allows participating banks to benefit from potential recovery 
of the value of these files through shares held in the fund.  It also facilitates the turnaround process for debtor 
companies, also thanks to the new financing issued by the Fund, allowing for a proactive management of the 
loans and the underlying assets. 
Through this new deal, Intesa Sanpaolo, UniCredit Leasing and Banco Desio became Back2Bonis Fund 
shareholders along with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, MPS Capital Services, UBI Banca, AMCO and Banco 
BPM (the “Participating Banks”).  More specifically, files of about 60 debtors totaling approximately €400 
million have been conferred to the Back2Bonis Fund.  This second phase was brought about with a new 
securitization of loans and leases, together with Banca Finint purchasing unrevoked credit contracts.  In the 
platform, AMCO acts as master and special Servicer, while Prelios Group is Manager of the Fund and Real 
Estate Partner, as well as - following the inclusion of leases - special servicer managing only loans with 
underlying real estate leases. 
On 26 May 2021 AMCO announced that the Cuvée project further expanded its assets under management thanks 
to a €52 million contribution from BPER Banca.  The addition of new Participating Banks and the increase in 
total amount of loans under management  (€971 million as at 31 May 2021), confirm AMCO’s leadership in the 
Italian market. 
Creval 
On 12 March 2020 the Issuer entered into an agreement with Creval for the purchase of a portfolio on a non-
recourse basis (pro soluto) with a gross book value (GBV) of approximately €177 million. The portfolio is 
comprised of bad loans secured by real estate collateral from approximately 1,600 customers, namely corporate. 
On 5 August 2020 AMCO signed an agreement with Creval S.p.A. for the without recourse (pro soluto) 
purchase - pursuant to Article 58 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 – of a portfolio of non-
performing exposures (NPEs) of Creval. The portfolio has a gross book value of approximately €270 million, 
mostly related to corporate counterparties, and is composed of approximately 60% of non-performing loans 
(NPLs) and of approximately 40% of unlikely to pay (UTP). 
Igea Fucino 
In June 2020 the acquisition of a portfolio of UTP and bad loans credits for a GBV of a total of Euro 33 million 
is expected from Igea Banca S.p.A. and Banca del Fucino S.p.A.

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
Monte Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
On 29 June 2020 the Board of Directors of Monte Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (“MPS”) and the Issuer resolved upon 
the partial demerger of MPS in favour of the Issuer, of a compendium comprising of non-performing exposures, 
deferred tax assets (“DTA”), other liabilities and net equity, on the basis of data as of 31 December 2019, 
namely: 
• 
Impaired loans classified by MPS as bad debts for a net book value of Euro 2,313 million (book value 
of Euro 4,798 million); 
• 
Impaired loans classified by MPS as UTP for a net book value of Euro 1,843 million (gross book value 
of Euro 3,345 million); 
• 
Bond and equity securities for a book value of Euro 5 million; 
• 
Derivative contracts for a book value of Euro 1 million; 
• 
DTA, transferred on the basis of the amount of the demerged net equity with respect to the total net 
equity of MPS, for a net book value of Euro 104 million. 
Any potential changes in the size of the assets at the effective date of the Demerger with respect to the balance 
sheet as of 31 December 2019 will be settled through an adjustment of the equity resources of the demerged 
Compendium and in cash. 
Hereinafter referred to as the “Compendium”. 
The project was subject to certain conditions, first of all the positive scrutiny by the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”), that will also have to analyze the impacts and the worth sustainability of the transaction for MPS. 
The rationale behind the demerger is strategical for both parties, the transaction allows MPS to complete its de-
risking plan whilst enabling the Issuer to position itself as market leader in the servicing of Unlikely to Pay 
(“UTP”) sector, thanks to a significant increase in its management portfolio. 
The transaction is structured for the Issuer as follows: 
• 
In order to continue to expand, by gaining Euro 33.4 billion of Assets under Management4; 
• 
In order to consolidate its position in the UTP market in Italy, with a management aiming to corporate 
sustainability. 
In the context of the transaction AMCO has issued shares with an exchange ratio equal to 0.4000 of AMCO 
newly issued shares for each MPS share to be cancelled (the “Exchange Ratio”) 
The AMCO newly issued class B Shares (the “Class B Shares”) assigned as a result of the transaction will not 
grant voting rights and will not be traded on any regulated market or multilateral trading facility. 
The Class B Shares were assigned to the MPS shareholders and the corresponding MPS shares were cancelled 
in a non-proportional measure (ca. 90% to the MPS Majority Shareholder and ca. 10% to the other shareholders). 
According to the above-mentioned Exchange Ratio and distribution ratios: 
• 
MEF was assigned no. 0.0638 AMCO Class B Shares for each MPS share held and no. 0.1595 MPS 
shares for each MPS share held was cancelled; 
• 
each MPS minority shareholder was assigned no. 0.0152 Class B Shares for each MPS share held and 
no. 0.0380 MPS shares for each MPS share held will be cancelled. 
                                              
4 
Management data as of June 2020, adjusted for the inclusion of Euro 2 billion from Popolare di Bari and Euro 8.1 
billion from MPS.

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
MPS minority shareholders (including MPS as holder of treasury shares) may elect to retain their MPS shares 
and therefore not receive any Class B Shares, therefore remaining MPS shareholders (the “Asymmetric 
Option”). 
The project received a positive appraisal of the European Commission - Directorate General for Competition, 
deeming the transaction in line with market conditions.  At the date of this Base Prospectus there are ongoing 
discussions with CONSOB regarding matters falling within the Authority’s competence. 
The transaction had a notable impact on the Issuer, including: 
• 
allowing the Issuer to consolidate its role in the Non-Performing Exposures market in Italy, by 
supporting banks with their de-risking procedures. 
• 
Achieving an optimal balance of the managed business as an investor and a servicer, thanks to the 
expertise acquired through the management of large portfolios. 
• 
Improving the effectiveness of the recoveries through a large number of common debtors in the 
managed portfolios that save time and standardized recovery procedures for common portfolio clusters 
(for example, by geographic location). 
Liabilities and equity deriving from the transaction included:  
• 
liabilities deriving from a bridge loan disbursed to MPS by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Milan Branch 
(“JP Morgan”) and UBS Europe SE (“UBS”) equal to Euro 3,179 million (“Bridge Loan”); 
• 
derivative contracts for a book value of € 0.1 million; 
• 
net equity in the amount of € 1,087 million. 
Part of the assets and liabilities that were transferred with the Compendium are currently owned by MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. (“MPS CS”), a company wholly owned by MPS.  These credits will be 
included in the demerger by means of a demerger of MPS CS in favour of MPS (the “MPS CS Demerger”), 
which will come into force prior to the demerger and be provided for as a condition precedent to the transaction. 
JP Morgan and UBS undertook the commitment to execute and grant the Bridge Loan before the extraordinary 
shareholders’ meetings of MPS and AMCO convened to resolve upon the demerger.  The effectiveness and the 
issuance of the Bridge Loan were subject to certain conditions including, among others, the approval by the 
corporate bodies of the financing banks also in relation to the final contractual documentation and the absence 
of events that could have a significant and adverse effect on MPS or the Compendium. 
Simultaneously with the issuance of the Bridge Loan, it was envisaged that the Bridge Loan was guaranteed by 
a cash or securities portfolio, at MPS’ discretion within certain fixed criteria that will be released contextually 
at the effectiveness of the demerger.   
At the date of the demerger, the Bridge Loan was transferred to AMCO as part of the Compendium and was 
partially reimbursed through the cash flows generated by the receivable portfolios and in part re-financed 
through access to the market.   
The debt comprising the liabilities transferred into the MPS Compendium consisted of a loan which, at the date 
of the demerger, J.P. Morgan Securities Plc and UBS Europe SE made available to MPS in the form of a bridge 
loan for a total value of EUR 3,179 million. The debt was disbursed prior to the date of the AMCO Shareholders’ 
Meeting that resolved on the Transaction and was divided into 4 lines: 
• 
Facility A for an amount of EUR 1,329 million; 
• 
Facility B for an amount of EUR 850 million; 
• 
Facility C1 for an amount of EUR 500 million; 
• 
Facility C2 for an amount of EUR 500 million.

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
On the effective date of the Transaction: 
• 
Facility A was replaced by a Secured Loan, divided into 2 sub-facilities A1 and A2 with a maturity of 
1 year (the “Sub-facilities A1 and A2”), secured through the securitisation of the NPE portfolio of the 
MPS Compendium through the creation of a Separate Asset pursuant to Art. 7.1 (a) of Italian Law 
130/99; 
• 
Facility B was repaid in full through AMCO cash on hand and proceeds from the spot sale of AMCO’s 
banking book; 
• 
Facilities C1 and C2 were fully repaid with the proceeds of the issues carried out by AMCO under the 
EMTN programme in July 2020. 
Sub-facilities A1 and A2 are in turn structured as follows: 
• 
Sub-facility A1, for an amount of EUR 1,000 million maturing on 1 December 2021 and repayable 
through the amounts generated by the management of the MPS Portfolio and/or AMCO’s available 
liquidity (starting from the sixth month following the disbursement of the Secured Loan – see Recent 
Developments for further information on the reimbursement); 
• 
Sub-facility A2, for an amount of EUR 329 million, already fully repaid through unsecured issues under 
AMCO’s EMTN programme in July 2020. 
In order to guarantee the so-called Secured Loan, the funding structure envisages that the Segregated Estate 
receives a loan from the vehicle HydraM SPV Srl. On the basis of this credit exposure granted to the Segregated 
Estate pursuant to Article 7.1 (a) of Italian Law 130/99, the securitisation vehicle HydraM SPV Srl issued a 
single untranched note fully subscribed by an Irish vehicle (wholly owned by AMCO), the liabilities of which 
include sub-facility A1. Since the NPE portfolio does not qualify for derecognition under IFRS 9 and substance 
over form prevails, the loan to J.P. Morgan Securities Plc and UBS Europe SE has been directly disclosed in 
these separate financial statements, thus “eliminating” both the HydraM vehicle and the Irish Vehicle. 
The demerger took place in continuity of accounting values as the involved companies are subject to common 
control and therefore the transaction did not lead to any realization of value. Once the assets and liabilities are 
transferred to AMCO, these will be managed and evaluated under AMCO’s internal policies and procedures. 
The reasons that justify the Exchange Ratio are illustrated in the reports drawn up by the Boards of Directors of 
MPS and AMCO pursuant to article 2501-quinquies of the Italian Civil Code, as referred to in art. 2506-ter of 
the Italian Civil Code, which will be made available to the public pursuant to the relevant law and regulation. 
The Exchange Ratio has been subjected to the adequacy judgment of Covino & Partners Sprl, independent 
expert pursuant to article 2501-sexies of the civil code appointed by the Court of Naples on the joint request of 
MPS and AMCO. 
The demerger was implemented by assigning AMCO B Shares to MPS shareholders and cancelling MPS 
ordinary shares to an extent not proportional to the investments they held in MPS. In particular: 
(i)  
MEF was assigned 49,650,138 AMCO B Shares, corresponding to approximately 90% of the total 
number of AMCO B Shares to be issued, against the cancellation of 124,125,345 ordinary MPS shares 
held by the same, corresponding to approximately 90% of the total number of ordinary MPS shares to 
be cancelled; while 
(ii)  
the Minority shareholders of MPS will be assigned 5,503,536 AMCO B Shares, corresponding to 
approximately 10% of the total number of AMCO B Shares to be issued, against the cancellation of 
13,758,840 ordinary MPS shares held, corresponding to approximately 10% of the total number of 
ordinary MPS shares to be cancelled, without prejudice to the right to exercise the asymmetric option, 
as defined below. 
Therefore, according to the Exchange Ratio and the distribution relationships described above, and without 
prejudice to the right to exercise the asymmetric option by the minority shareholders of MPS:

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
(A) 
AMCO B Shares were allocated as follows: 
• 
0.0638 AMCO B Shares to the MEF for each no. 1 ordinary MPS share held; 
• 
0.0152 AMCO B Shares to each of the minority shareholders for each n. 1 ordinary MPS share 
held; 
(B) 
ordinary MPS shares were cancelled as follows: 
• 
0.1595 ordinary MPS shares for each no. 1 ordinary MPS share held;  
• 
to each of the minority shareholders of MPS will be cancelled 0.0380 ordinary MPS shares for 
each 1 ordinary MPS share held. 
The potential increases and corresponding decreases of AMCO Class B Shares to be allocated and MPS shares 
to be cancelled are allowed, respectively, to MEF and to MPS Minority Shareholders, as well as to MPS, in the 
context of exercise of the Asymmetric Option. 
With reference to the Asymmetric Option, MPS Minority shareholders (including MPS in relation to its treasury 
shares) may elect to not receive AMCO Class B Shares through the exercise of the Asymmetric Option. 
In particular, MPS Minority shareholders that had exercised the Asymmetric Option: 
I. 
did not receive any AMCO Class B Shares; and 
II. 
did not have any of their MPS shares cancelled with consequent increase, in percentage, of their 
shareholding in MPS. 
On the other hand, the exercise of the Asymmetric Option, based on the Exchange Ratio and the distribution 
ratios, entailed: 
a) the increase of AMCO Class B Shares to be allocated to MEF (corresponding to the amount of shares that 
would have been allocated to MPS Minority shareholders in case they had not exercised the Asymmetric 
Option); and 
b) the consequent increase of MPS shares held by MEF to be cancelled (corresponding to the amount of shares 
that would have been cancelled to MPS Minority shareholders in case they had not exercised the 
Asymmetric Option). 
Any MPS shareholder who approved the Demerger will have the right to exercise: 
i. 
the right to sell (the “Right of Sale”), i.e. the right to have its MPS shares purchased in accordance with 
art. 2506-bis, para. 4, of the Italian Civil Code; 
ii. 
the right of withdrawal (the “Right of Withdrawal”), given that (a) AMCO corporate purpose is 
significantly different from the one of MPS; (b) Class B Shares will not have the voting right in AMCO 
ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meetings, and (c) Class B Shares are not and will not be traded 
on any regulated market or multilateral trading facility. 
The Right of Sale and the Right of Withdrawal could be exercised in whole, and not in part of, the MPS shares 
of the requesting shareholder. 
Both for the purposes of the exercise of the Right of Sale and the Right of Withdrawal, the consideration of each 
MPS share will be determined applying the criteria set forth under art. 2437-ter, para. 3, of the Italian Civil 
Code, namely the arithmetical average of the closing prices of MPS share in the six months preceding the 
publication of the notice of call of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of MPS convened to approve the 
Demerger (the “Liquidation Value”). The Liquidation Value will be communicated through a specific press 
release available on MPS website (www.gruppomps.it) and through the publication of a notice on at least one 
national newspaper. 
The procedure for the exercise of the Right of Sale and the Right of Withdrawal is the one provided for the 
exercise of the Right of Withdrawal under art. 2437-bis of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
The effectiveness of the Transaction was subject to the condition precedent that MPS’ maximum disbursement 
for the potential purchase of MPS shares, in relation to which MPS shareholders have exercised the Right of 
Withdrawal or the Right of Sale, did not exceed Euro 150 million. This condition was set in the interest of MPS 
and MPS itself may waive it at its own discretion. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, following the acquisition of the MPS compendium, AMCO’s share capital is 
equal to Euro 655,153,674 divided into (i) 600,000,000 ordinary shares with no nominal value owned by the 
MEF, and (ii) 55,153,674 Class B Shares with no nominal value and no voting rights owned by the MEF and 
other shareholders and include treasury shares. The Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance retains 99.78% 
of the ownership and 100% of voting rights of AMCO. 
AMCO informs that, pursuant to Articles 2501-ter and 2506-bis of the Italian Civil Code, the plan for the partial, 
non-proportional demerger with an asymmetrical option of a compendium consisting, inter alia, of non-
performing exposures from Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in favour of AMCO (the “Demerger Plan”) 
has been filed and on 3 September, registered with the competent Companies’ Register. 
AMCO has therefore deposited at its registered office, as well as published on its institutional website 
www.amco.it in the Investor Relations section (“Corporate Transactions”), the documentation required by 
Articles 2501-septies and 2506-ter of the Italian Civil Code. The Shareholders’ Meeting has also been convened 
in extraordinary and ordinary session on 4 October 2020, in first call, and on 5 October 2020, in second call, to 
resolve on the Demerger Plan and take inherent and consequent resolutions. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of AMCO - Asset Management Company S.p.A. held on 4 October 2020 in ordinary 
and extraordinary session - approved the project of the partial non-proportional demerger with an asymmetric 
option of a compendium consisting of non-performing exposures, deferred tax assets, other assets, financial 
debt, other liabilities and net equity (the “Demerger Project”) from Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (the 
“Demerged Company”) in favour of AMCO (the “Receiving Company”), also resolving on related additional 
matters.  Such resolution taken by AMCO Shareholders Meeting has been registered on October 6, 2020 with 
the Companies’ Register in Naples. 
Having received the approval of the Transaction by the ECB, the demerger project has been made available to 
the public in the manners and within the terms pursuant to the applicable law together with the further 
documentation required by applicable law.  According to the expected timetable, the extraordinary shareholders’ 
meetings of MPS and AMCO, called to resolve upon the Demerger, will be held within September 2020, on the 
assumption that at least thirty days as from the issuance of ECB approval have passed, with the aim to executing 
the Demerger deed within November 15th, 2020 and that the Demerger may be effective as of 1 December 2020. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, MPS and AMCO executed an agreement containing representations and 
warranties in relation to the transfer of the portfolio of credits comprised in the Compendium and through which 
the parties intended to regulate and discipline, among others, the preliminary and functional activities to the 
realization of the Demerger. 
The Demerger is classified as a “major importance related-party transaction” in accordance with the Regulation 
of related parties transactions, adopted by CONSOB with Resolution no. 17221 of March 12th, 2010, as 
subsequently amended and modified (the “Related Parties Regulation”) and in accordance with MPS internal 
regulations, since MPS and AMCO are subject to the common control of MEF. 
The Related Parties Committee of MPS has been involved in the negotiations and preliminary investigation for 
the Transaction for the purposes of issuing a reasoned opinion on the bank’s interest in carrying out the 
Transaction, as well as on the economic interest and substantive fairness of the relevant conditions. On June 
29th, 2020 the Committee expressed unanimously a favourable opinion on MPS’ interest in the execution of the 
Demerger and in signing the Framework Agreement, as well as on the economic interest and procedural and 
substantive fairness of the Transaction. 
Banca Popolare di Bari 
On 29 June 2020, the Issuer entered into an agreement with Banca Popolare di Bari for the purchase of a 
portfolio, pursuant to article 58 of Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, of non-performing loans 
and related contractual rights and obligations, on a non-recourse basis (pro soluto), of Banca Popolare di Bari 
with a gross book value (GBV) of approximately €2 billion, composed of approximately 60% of unlikely-to-

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
pay loans and 40% of deteriorated loans.  The execution of the agreement is conditional upon the increase in 
share capital of Banca Popolare di Bari, which was also approved on 29 June 2020.  The transaction amounts 
to approximately €500 million. 
AMCO in its capacity as a full-service credit management company proposes the management of the unlikely 
to pay loans in favour of business continuity and relaunch of industrial businesses. 
Banco BPM 
On 5 November 2020, AMCO issued a binding offer in favour of Banco BPM for the purchase - without recourse 
(pro soluto) block purchase - pursuant to Article 58 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 – 
of a portfolio of non-performing exposures of the bank.  The portfolio has a gross book value of more than €600 
million, mostly related to corporate counterparties classified as Unlikely to Pay (UTP).  The transaction was 
conducted as a competitive bidding process; as a result of which two debt servicers - one of which is AMCO - 
will purchase two separate portfolios, both part of the bidding process.  AMCO confirms its objective to pursue 
sustainable growth leveraging economies of scale, within a highly competitive market. 
On 23 December 2020, AMCO announces the closing of a contract for the without recourse (pro soluto) block 
purchase - pursuant to Article 58 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 – of a portfolio of 
non-performing exposures from Banco BPM, as previously announced on 5 November 2020.  The transaction, 
legally effective from 12 December 2020 and economically effective from 1 April 2020, was conducted as a 
competitive bidding process; as a result of this, two portfolios were sold, one of which awarded to AMCO.  The 
portfolio has a gross book value of more than €600 million, mostly related to corporate counterparties classified 
as Unlikely to Pay (UTP). 
Other investments and activities 
AMCO also invests in financial assets that are directly or indirectly related to its core business. These 
investments are recorded in AMCO’s balance sheet including the investments in the IRF and in Banca Carige 
S.p.A. described below. 
Italian Recovery Fund 
In August 2016, AMCO entered into an irrevocable commitment to subscribe €450 million of the units in the 
IRF, a fund managed by Quaestio Capital Management SGR S.p.A. set up with the purpose of investing in 
junior/mezzanine tranches in the securitisation of non-performing loans. 
On 13 May 2019 the IRF Investors’ Meeting unanimously approved the extension of the Fund’s Investment 
Period until 31 March 2021 and the AMCO commitment is equal to € 20.6 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, AMCO paid €438.6 million by way of drawdown of its own 
commitment, net of the reimbursements already received and the entry in the 2020 Financial Statements is equal 
to € 470.9 million. During 2020, the Italian Recovery Fund shareholders’ meeting resolved to extend the 
maturity date of the fund from 31 March 2021 to 31 December 2026. 
The investment in the Italian Recovery Fund represents a method of operating indirectly for AMCO in the 
segment representing its core business. 
Banca Carige shares 
The total investment held by AMCO in Banca Carige at 31 December 2020 was equal to 1,804,490 shares 
(following the aggregation deliberated by Banca Carige), for a countervalue of EUR 1.9 million, in line with 
the valuation made at 31 December 2019, based on the official price of the capital increase. 
Issuer Ratings 
S&P Rating 
On 27 October 2020, S&P Global Ratings affirmed its 'BBB' long-term issuer credit rating on AMCO. S&P 
also affirmed its 'BBB' issue rating to AMCO’s senior unsecured debt obligations.  Furthermore, the outlook

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
was improved to Stable from Negative.  The rating was confirmed on occasion of the announcement of the 
Monte Paschi di Siena and Banca Popolare di Bari deals described above. 
On 29 April 2021 AMCO S.p.A. informed that Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”) has assigned to AMCO its ‘A-2’ 
Short-Term rating.  S&P considers AMCO a Government-related entity, therefore continuing to equalize the 
‘BBB’ rating to that of the Italian Sovereign 
On 30 June 2021, AMCO S.p.A. announces that S&P has recently performed its annual review of the credit 
ratings of AMCO and published an updated full analysis; the ratings remain the following: LongTerm at “BBB”, 
Short-Term at “A-2” and the Outlook as “stable”. 
Fitch Rating 
On 1 July 2020, Fitch Ratings affirmed AMCO’s investment grade rating, with the Long-Term Issuer Default 
Rating (IDR) at ‘BBB-’, with Stable Outlook and the Short-Term Foreign Currency IDR at ‘F3’. The affirmation 
follows AMCO’s recent announcements of the BP Bari and the Monte Paschi transactions described above, 
which, according to Fitch Ratings, strengthens AMCO’s proximity to the national Government. 
On 16 June 2021 AMCO informed that Fitch has published no action on AMCO’s rating. Therefore, the Long-
Term IDR rating of “BBB-”, the Short-Term rating of “F-3” and the “stable” Outlook remain unchanged. 
Recent Developments 
Fitch Servicer Rating  
AMCO announced that on 14 January 2021 Fitch Ratings upgraded AMCO’s commercial, residential and asset-
backed special servicer ratings to ‘CSS2’, ‘RSS2’, ‘ABSS2’ from ‘CSS2-’, ‘RSS2-’, ‘ABSS2-’. Fitch mentions 
AMCO’s business growth through multiple sources, demonstrating its ability to successfully pursue its business 
strategy. Among the factors that Fitch took into consideration in their rating analysis there are AMCO’s staff 
increase to 287 employees at the end of 2020 from 71 at the end of 2017 to meet servicing needs and strengthen 
corporate functions as well as the fact that in 2020 AMCO enhanced its loan boarding process making it more 
efficient, launched its data warehouse, created a new set-up to the UTP/PD business and lastly, from 1 January 
2021, created a separate Real Estate business unit. Furthermore, the servicer responded well to the COVID-19 
outbreak in 2020 and experienced very minor disruption; all employees resorted to remote working and were 
supplied with all the necessary equipment. 
Partnerships with leading Italian servicers 
On 1 February 2021, AMCO announced the conclusion of a competitive process for the outsourcing of specific 
clusters of NPEs, following the acquisition of the MPS portfolio. Active collaboration with an increasing 
number of leading servicers in the Italian market allows AMCO to continue leveraging on its operating model. 
AMCO’s operating model creates scale efficiencies also through the outsourcing of granular positions, 
benefiting from the specialization and economies of scale of its partner servicers. The competitive process was 
launched in October 2020 and involved c. 40 servicers. Servicers' offers have been evaluated on the basis of 
well-defined selection criteria, taking into consideration the level of specialization in managing credits, 
operational skills, performance levels and track record. As a result of the process, AMCO assigned to the 
following 11 servicers the outsourcing management of c. €3.3bn of NPEs, related to approximately 72,000 
debtors: AT S.p.A., Banca Ifis, Cerved Credit Management S.p.A., Covisian Credit Management S.p.A. (former 
CSS), Credito Fondiario S.p.A., CRIBIS Credit Management, doValue Group (doValue S.p.A. and Italfondiario 
S.p.A.), Fire SpA, FININT REVALUE SPA (Gruppo Finanziaria Internazionale), Intrum Italy, Sistemia S.p.A. 
(member of iQera Group). The number of servicers managing specific clusters of NPEs in outsourcing on behalf 
of AMCO is therefore increasing from 7 to 12. 
Reimbursement of Secured Loan facility 
On 1 February 2021, AMCO announced a €250 million reimbursement of the loan with UBS and JPMorgan, 
due to expire on 1 December 2021 and guaranteed by the securitization of the MPS Compendium’s portfolio. 
The principal amount outstanding of the Secured Loandecreased from €1,000m to €750m. The reimbursement 
took place on the back of MPS portfolio’s cash generation, in line with the expected plan.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
On 1 June 2021, AMCO announced the reimbursement of the €750 million of the loan outstanding with UBS 
and JPMorgan which was guaranteed by the securitization of the MPS Compendium’s portfolio. 
Approval of 2020 financial statements 
On 21 April 2021, AMCO’s General Meeting of shareholders, held on April 20, 2021, approved the 2020 
Financial Statements. 
Unwinding of Ambra and Flaminia Securitizations 
On 27 April 2021, AMCO finalized the unwinding of the Ambra SPV S.r.l. and Flaminia SPV S.r.l. 
securitizations which were transferred in 2017 as part of the BPVi/VB Receivables Transfer Agreements in 
accordance with Law Decree 99/2017 and the MEF Decree. The unwinding was aimed at rendering AMCO’s 
operating structure more efficient by applying the same technical and operative practices used for the non-
securetized BPVi/VB Receivables already managed by AMCO (acting through and on behalf of the Gruppo 
Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato). 
Amendments to the articles of association 
On 28 April 2021, AMCO S.p.A. announces that the amendments to the articles of association approved by the 
General Meeting have become effective and that the Board of Statutory Auditors has been appointed (refer to 
the “Management - Board of Statutory Auditors” section). 
The first amendment to the articles of association will allow AMCO to carry out synthetic securitisations of 
performing loans classified as “Stage 2” (sub investment grade). This opens-up new business prospects for 
AMCO, which will complete in the coming months the organisational setup to adapt procedures supporting the 
new operations. 
The second amendment to the articles of association proves AMCO's strong focus on gender balance in the 
company’s governance, requiring at least two-fifths of the appointed directors and statutory auditors to be of 
the least represented gender within their respective corporate bodies. 
 
AMCO’S PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT PLATFORM 
In-house structure 
AMCO’s in-house portfolio management structure has undergone significant changes in contemplation of the 
acquisition of the BPVi/VB Receivables together with the portfolios acquired recently.  In particular, this 
structure has witnessed a continuous increase in terms of headcount and has been reorganised into two separate 
business lines, as illustrated in the diagram below: 
 
• 
a workout business line, adopting pure recovery strategies dedicated to the management of defaulted 
exposures as well as ‘gone concern’ unlikely-to-pay and past due exposures that will be managed as 
defaulted exposures; 
UTP/PD 
Workout 
Workout 
UTP/PD 
Corporate, RE e 
Multioriginator 
Outsourcing UTP/PD 
Group Strategic 
Capitale finanziato 
Top Loans Milano 
Medium Loans 
Procedure legali inerziali
Outsourcing Workout 
Top Loans Napoli 
Crediti Esteri 
Top Loans Vicenza

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
• 
a UTP business, dedicated to the proactive management of ‘going concern’ unlikely-to-pay and past 
due exposures. 
Each unit has its own teams of loan managers, who are assigned to specific groups (clusters) of receivables 
based on debtor’s geographical location, size of exposure, type of debtor, status of the legal procedure, 
availability and nature of collateral, etc.  Each business unit has defined strategies to be adopted by the loan 
managers according to the cluster categorisation of the debt position under management.  These strategies 
envisage proactive in-house direct management of positions with high potential recovery and/or high level of 
criticality, as well as those positions where internal management is more cost-effective (for example, when the 
judicial recovery procedure is towards the end stage), whereas fragmented positions with low gross book value 
and/or low recovery probability will be outsourced, also to leverage on the economies of scale of external 
specialised servicers.  There will also be dedicated and independent teams for portfolio strategy and monitoring, 
for back offices activities (reporting to the Chief Operating Officer), for managing the outsourcing processes 
and for selecting and monitoring external lawyers. 
AMCO has laid down detailed operational guidelines and parameters to be followed by the loan managers when 
considering whether to agree to restructuring of UTP/PD positions, or whether to grant new credit lines or 
approve further disbursements, as well as clearly defined levels of decision making.  Depending on the 
complexity of the debt position and the size of the exposure, additional formalities may be requested such as 
analyses of the assigned debtor’s business plan or risk opinion from the Chief Risk Officer.  The cluster 
allocation of the files takes into account (inter alia) the originator and the gross book value of the debt positions, 
whether the assigned debtor is a corporate or retail and whether the position is subject to restructuring, to ensure 
that each file is assigned to a loan manager/asset manager and recovery team with the most appropriate expertise 
and focus. 
REOCO Division 
AMCO set-up its REOCO in Q1 2020, the project is operating so AMCO can include direct asset purchase in 
its resolution strategies. The latter does not constitute a separate legal entity but the Real Estate Management 
activities operating under AMCO S.p.A. with reference to on-balance credit portfolios and by the BPVi/VB for 
the respective portfolios. 
The goal of the REOCO is to secure the value of the collateral and therefore to increase or preserve the value of 
credits recovery owned or managed by AMCO. 
An internal real estate team, supported by external advisors, perform pro-active and direct REOs’ management 
including asset management, valuations, property & facility management, project & construction management, 
asset disposal after repossessing REOs through auction bid, datio in solutum or from leasing contracts defaulted. 
REOCO pursues its goal through:  
i. 
reacting promptly to repossessing REOs in order to save the collateral value (the value of real estate 
assets, auction after auction, has continue to fall); 
ii. 
planning an achievable Business Plan, constantly monitoring and managing actively REOs; and  
iii. 
maximizing real estate assets value applying a tailor-made exit strategy. 
REOCO solution is ancillary to the first and main recovery strategy, led by Workout and UTP Directors, applied 
by AMCO in managing its credit portfolio. 
Internal policies settle and define organisational principles and main guidelines of REOCO, regulating all the 
activities starting from screening selections, evaluating the new business and risks associated and defining the 
remit of the relevant Committee and all control structures. 
As of 1 January 2021, the Real Estate Division was created, operating in close collaboration with the Workout 
and UTP Divisions. Thanks to a team of specialists, AMCO has the skills necessary to implement targeted 
strategies to enhance collaterals’ value of secured loans and competences to manage proprietary real estate 
assets (Reoco/Leasing) through a wide range of activities.

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
Outsourcing of non-securitised receivables in Italy 
In line with the company business model, the recovery of positions with low gross book value (small ticket) are 
outsourced by AMCO, also to leverage on the economies of scale of external specialised servicers.  The external 
servicers have been chosen following a transparent and competitive selection based on the characteristics of the 
different portfolio segments and the area of specialization of each company.  The outsourcing agreements have 
a three-year duration, with the right of termination by AMCO in case of underperformance.  Multiple 
outsourcing mandates have been granted referring to the same portfolio clusters to stimulate competition and 
therefore to optimize performance.  The external servicers are required to follow common “collection policies” 
that regulate standard processes and timings (for example, policies limiting instances in which recourse is to be 
made to judicial recovery procedures).  Under these outsourcing agreements, AMCO pays to the external 
servicers a servicing fee calculated as a percentage of the recoveries, with different commission levels 
depending on the nature of the position(s) managed. 
Arrangement with Intesa Sanpaolo for front-end services  
The BPVi/VB Receivables comprise unlikely-to-pay and past due positions in respect of which certain 
disbursement obligations are still outstanding.  With a view to maximising the realisation value of these 
receivables, the Receivables Transfer Agreements envisage that the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimoni 
Destinati may make disbursements and advances or grant new loans and lines of credit to the assigned debtors.  
In addition, certain front-end banking activities can be functional to the recovery of the UTP/PD debt positions, 
such as current account, export finance and factoring. 
Since AMCO, as a non-bank financial intermediary, is not authorised to perform certain of these banking 
activities, AMCO has entered into an agreement with Intesa Sanpaolo on 11 April 2018 which governs the 
provision by Intesa Sanpaolo’s retail network of these banking services to support the management and recovery 
of the relevant BPVi/VB Receivables. 
Arrangement with Banca Carige for front-end services  
After the acquisition of Carige Receivables, carried out in December 2019, it has been defined a front-end 
services protocol to manage unlikely-to-pay and past due positions in respect of which certain disbursement 
obligations are still outstanding.  Since 23 December 2019, Carige’s retail network supports front-end banking 
activities functional to the recovery of the UTP/PD positions. 
Arrangement with Banca MPS for front-end services  
According to the transfer of MPS Receivables, carried out in December 2020, it has been activated a front-end 
services protocol to manage unlikely-to-pay and past due positions in respect of which certain disbursement 
obligations are still outstanding, also to maintain revolving operations for these borrowers.  An integrated 
protocol of data exchange has been implemented and operational since 7 December 2020, allowing MPS’s retail 
network to support front-end banking activities functional to the recovery of the UTP/PD positions. 
Arrangement with BancoBPM for front-end services  
After the acquisition of BancoBPM Receivables (see “Recent Developments”), carried out in December 2020, 
AMCO and Banco BPM defined a front-end services protocol to manage unlikely-to-pay and past due positions 
in respect of which certain disbursement obligations are still outstanding, using BancoBPM’s retail network 
supports front-end banking activities functional to the recovery of the UTP/PD positions. 
Interim Special Servicing of the securitised receivables 
The BPVi/VB Receivables comprise asset backed securities issued by Ambra SPV S.r.l. (the special purpose 
vehicle of a securitisation transaction implemented by BPVi and its former subsidiaries, Banca Nuova S.p.A. 
and Farbanca S.p.A.) and Flaminia SPV S.r.l. (the special purpose vehicle of a securitisation transaction 
implemented by VB).  While the master servicing activities for these securitisations will continue to be 
performed by Credito Fondiario S.p.A., the special servicing activities are currently performed: (i) by AMCO 
pursuant to the original interim special servicing agreements entered into with the originators, to which AMCO 
has acceded and has consequently replaced VB (in the case of the Flaminia securitisation) and BPVi and Banca 
Nuova (in the case of the Ambra securitisation), in each case with effect from 11 April 2018 (the “Interim

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
Special Servicing Agreements”); and (ii) by Farbanca, as interim special servicer, in respect of the portion of 
the portfolio originated by it with reference to the Ambra securitisation.  Pursuant to the fee letters entered into 
in connection with AMCO’s accession to the Interim Special Servicing Agreements, AMCO will receive a fee 
from each SPV for its services, in an amount corresponding to the special servicing component of AMCO’s 
Share of Recoveries as determined pursuant to the Receivables Transfer Agreements. 
Back office and documentation management activities  
A wide range of operations are performed by the back office to support the workout of defaulted exposures and 
the management of unlikely-to-pay and past due positions.  These include credit payments accounting, credit 
management closing operations, regulatory reporting to the Centrale dei Rischi, anti-money laundering 
management and reporting formalities, reporting to the tax authorities as well as handling investigations on the 
assigned debtors by competent authorities.  A significant overhaul of AMCO’s back office operations has been 
involved as part of the general improvements to its information technology systems, completed in 2019 and 
focused on a view to unifying all the operations, achieving unified back-end and front-end platforms. 
AMCO recognises that the pre-existing documentary archives management adopted by it for the Banco di 
Napoli Receivables – according to which active files are archived internally by AMCO on site and closed files 
are archived externally – would not be adequate or appropriate to handle the onboarding of the BPVi/VB 
Portfolios as well as the more recently acquired portfolios, which involve a huge quantity of physical 
documentation and data tapes.  Third party specialised suppliers have therefore been identified to handle the 
categorization, digitization and physical archiving of the loan files and documentation, according to a migration 
plan defined with other parties. 
Information Technology infrastructure 
AMCO’s information technology system comprises a set of accounting, management and regulatory reporting 
applications to support its core business processes.  Customised data management procedures generate periodic 
analyses and reports according to AMCO’s specific needs, including impairment tests, recovery forecasts, 
outstanding and extinguished positions, breakdown by geographic areas and by business sector, etc. 
AMCO updated its ICT strategic plan on January 2021, after the successful completion of the first plan released 
on October 2018.  AMCO has developed a new ICT architecture and framework, based on front-end and back-
end integration with a new enterprise data warehouse.  Between 2018 and 2020, AMCO achieved a target ICT 
model based on a tailored ICT architecture with fully integrated back-end and front-end platforms, structured 
on a core banking system provided from Cedacri (a leading non-captive supplier of ICT services to financial 
institutions in the Italian market, selected by a competitive process).  The core business platform is EPC (Italian 
NPE market leading solution, provided by RAD Informatica spa) and is fully integrated with the core banking 
system and the main important info provider.  EPC is the unique operational platform used bay internal and 
external asset managers. 
AMCO has also reviewed the ICT infrastructure, adopting state-of-the-art solutions and frameworks that has 
fully supported the company to manage the sanitary emergency, switching in a few hours to “smart working” 
processes for all the employees, fully operational from home. 
Furthermore, AMCO has started and completed other important projects - according to the set-up of a new data 
governance environment and to the development of new business lines - involving selection of business 
intelligence solutions through a competitive process, setting up real estate management and leasing platforms, 
achieving a fully operational new ICT infrastructure from the second half of 2020. 
Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, following the acquisition of the MPS Compendium, AMCO’s share 
capital is equal to Euro 655,153,674 divided into (i) 600,000,000 ordinary shares with no nominal value owned 
by the MEF, and (ii) 55,153,674 Class B Shares with no nominal value and no voting rights owned by the MEF 
and other shareholders and include treasury shares.  The Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance retains 
99.78% of the ownership and 100% of voting rights of AMCO. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 19, paragraph 6 of Legislative Decree 78/2009 which states that the 
exercise of supervision and coordination pursuant to Article 2497(1) of the Italian Civil Code refers to the

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
exercise of such supervision and coordination by legal entities (other than the State) holding an equity 
participation in the course of their business activities or for economic/financial purposes, AMCO is not subject 
to any supervision or coordination pursuant to Article 2497(1) of the Italian Civil Code by the MEF. 
Corporate Governance, Organisational Structure and Internal Controls 
AMCO has adopted a “traditional” system of corporate governance, based on a conventional organisational 
model involving shareholders’ meetings, a board of directors, a board of statutory auditors and independent 
auditors. 
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, the management of AMCO is entrusted to a collegial body made up of 
three or five members, appointed by the shareholders’ meeting (collectively the “Board of Directors“ and each 
member so appointed a “Director”).  Directors are appointed for a term not exceeding three financial years, to 
expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the last financial 
year of their office.  The Directors may be reappointed pursuant to articles 2383 of the Civil Code. 
According to AMCO’s Articles of Association, the Directors are responsible for the management of the 
company and shall perform transactions necessary to achieve AMCO’s corporate objects.  Without prejudice to 
limitations as regards interlocking directorships imposed by Law Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011 
(converted into law with modifications by Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011) and the guidelines issued by the 
supervisory authority, the Chief Executive Officer may not sit on the board of directors of more than two other 
joint stock companies (excluding subsidiaries and affiliates of AMCO), while other Directors may not sit on the 
board of directors of more than five other joint stock companies. 
Pursuant to AMCO’s Articles of Association, the board of statutory auditors (collegio sindacale) is composed 
of three standing auditors, including Chairman, and two alternate auditors, each of whom shall meet the 
requirements provided for by applicable law and AMCO’s Articles of Association (collectively, the “Board of 
Statutory Auditors”).  All members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed by the shareholders’ 
meeting for three financial years and expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the 
financial statements for the third year of office.  They may be reappointed.  The alternate auditors will 
automatically replace any standing auditor who resigns or who is otherwise unable to serve as a statutory auditor.  
The Statutory Auditors may not accept or hold similar office in other companies or groups of companies 
operating in markets that compete with that in which AMCO operates. 
AMCO’s Articles of Association provides that the composition of the Board of Directors and the Board of 
Statutory Auditors must ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations on the principle of gender 
equality, and the Directors and Statutory Auditors must meet relevant requirements as to integrity and 
professionalism, in addition to meeting the requirements of independence set for Statutory Auditors. 
AMCO’s Articles of Association provides that the statutory audit of the Issuer’s accounts shall be carried out 
by a firm of independent auditors registered in the appropriate register. 
AMCO’s Articles of Association provides the appointment of the manager in charge of drawing up the corporate 
accounting documents referred to in article 154-bis of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 1998 and subsequent 
amendments.  The Board of Directors appoints, subject to the mandatary opinion of the Statutory Auditors, for 
a period no less than the Board’s term in office and not more than six financial years, the manager establishing 
its powers, resources and remuneration. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
AMCO’s current Board of Directors was appointed on 20 April 2020.  Unless their term of office is terminated 
early, all members will remain in office until the shareholders’ meeting called to approve AMCO’s financial 
statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2022.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
The following table sets out the current members of AMCO’s Board of Directors and the main positions held 
by each of them outside AMCO. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Directors outside AMCO 
Stefano Cappiello .................  Chairman 
Director General, Head of Directorate “Regulatory 
and supervisory framework of the financial system”, 
at the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Marina Natale ......................  Chief 
Executive 
Officer and General 
Manager 
Former Chief Financial Officer at UniCredit Group 
Member of the Investor Committee of the Italian 
Recovery Fund, 
Member of the Board of Directors of Fiera di Milano 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Director of Webuild S.p.A. 
Domenico Iannotta................  Director 
Manager of the Directorate VII – Finance and 
Privatisations at the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance 
 
The business address of the Board of Directors is Via Santa Brigida 39, 80133 Naples, Italy. 
Senior management 
The following table sets forth the members of AMCO’s senior management (the “Senior Management”), 
together with their current positions: 
Name 
Position 
Marina Natale ........................ 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager 
Eadberto Peressoni.................. 
Chief Financial Officer 
Stefano Micheli ...................... 
Chief Operating Officer 
Manuela Ognissanti................. 
Head of Compliance and AML 
Lorenzo Lampiano .................. 
General Counsel and Secretary to the Board of Directors 
Luca Battagliero ..................... 
Human Resources, Transformation & Internal Communication Director 
Marco Salemi......................... 
Chief Risk Officer 
Claudia Mangione................... 
Head of Internal Audit 
Paolo Tosi ............................. 
Head of Workout 
Fabio Pettirossi....................... 
Head of UTP/PD 
Stefano Chiocchetta ................ 
Head of Real Estate 
Roberto Zambotti.................... 
Head of NPE Investments & Business Development 
Laura Spotorno....................... 
Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
Marco Giaccone ..................... 
Head of Portfolio Analysis & Monitoring 
Silvia Guerrini........................ 
Manager in charge of Financial Reporting

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
The business address of each member of the Senior Management is Via del Lauro 5/7, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The term of office of the current Board of Statutory Auditors, appointed at the shareholders’ meeting of 28 April 
2021, shall expire at the shareholders’ meeting called to approve AMCO’s financial statements for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2023.  The following table sets out the current members of AMCO’s Board of 
Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
Position 
Giampiero Riccardi ................. Chairman 
Giuseppa Puglisi..................... Standing Auditor 
Giovanni Battista Lo Prejato..... Standing Auditor 
Delia Guerrera........................ Alternate Auditor 
Maurizio Accarino .................. Alternate Auditor 
 
The business address of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Via Santa Brigida 39, 80133 Naples, Italy. 
Supervisory Body (Organismo di Vigilanza) 
Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001 (“Legislative Decree 231/2001”) introduced the corporate 
administrative liability regime in Italy and requires companies to implement an organisational model aimed at 
preventing the commission by its officers of offences in the interest (or to the benefit) of the company and 
consequential liability of the company under Legislative Decree 231/2001, and to set up an Organismo di 
Vigilanza(the “Supervisory Body”) to oversee the implementation of the organisational model.  The current 
Supervisory Body, appointed by the Board of Directors on 30 April 2021, is composed of three members: Mr. 
Arturo Betunio (Chairman), Ms. Olga Cuccurullo and Mr. Lorenzo Lampiano (members), shall expire at the 
shareholders’ meeting called to approve AMCO’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2023. 
Court of Auditors (Corte dei Conti) 
According to Article 12 of Law no. 259 of 21 March 1958, supervision of the financial management of entities 
owned by the public administration (such as AMCO) envisaged by Article 100 of the Italian Constitution is to 
be exercised through magistrate(s) of the Court of Auditors, appointed by the chairman of the Court of Auditors, 
who shall participate in meetings of the entity’s management and auditing organs. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the magistrates appointed by the Court of Auditors to participate in the 
financial management supervision of AMCO are Giulia de Franciscis and Carmela de Gennaro. 
Manager in charge of Financial Reporting (Dirigente Preposto) 
The Board of Directors, in the meeting of 5 May 2020, extended Silvia Guerrini as manager in charge of of 
preparing the company’s financial reports referred to in article 154-bis of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 1998, 
with the effect from the approval of the financial statement at 31 December 2019 until the shareholders’ meeting 
called to approve AMCO’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2022. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Directors and the Statutory Auditors of AMCO may, from time to time, hold directorships with or have 
other significant interests in companies outside the Group, which may have business relationships with the 
Group.  AMCO has in place procedures aimed at identifying and managing any conflicts or potential conflicts 
of interest, to ensure where possible that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise.  As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of 
the Board of Directors and the Board of the Statutory Auditors to AMCO and their private interests or other 
duties.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
Organisational structure 
The following diagram illustrates the organisational structure of AMCO as at the date of the Base Prospectus.  
This represents the outcome of a series of internal reorganisations that have involved the introduction of new 
internal functions and business units, the hiring of new first-line managers, loan specialists and professionals as 
well as enhancements to the existing structures.  As at 31 December 2020 the number of AMCO employees was 
287, up compared to the correspondent number as at 31 December 2019 (no. 233units).  As at 31 December 
2020, there are no coordinated and continuous collaboration contracts in place. 
 
Control Functions 
Internal Audit Function 
The Internal Audit function is responsible for providing an independent evaluation of the completeness, 
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control system and of the organizational model of AMCO. 
In particular, Internal Audit function is in charge of risks mitigation within the organization with regards to 
governance processes, business processes, operations and information systems. 
The Internal Audit function activity is mainly focused on: 
• 
achievement of the organization’s strategic goals; 
• 
effectiveness and efficiency of operations and processes; and 
• 
compliance with external and internal regulatory framework. 
The Internal Audit function manages its tasks on a risk-based planning basis, with a specific focus on the 
analysis of the company’s processes, life cycle and related combined risk assessment.  To this extent, following 
the annual audit plan, the Internal Audit team carries out periodic audits and specific investigations.  The audit 
results are reported to: 
• 
the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors (annual audit report, infra-annual audit 
report on the status of the audit activities and related results, quarterly report on audit tracking); 
• 
the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Senior Management as far as single 
audit reports are concerned, if any major issue is disclosed during the audit. 
The Internal Audit function implements monitoring activities on audit findings and relevant prompt 
management action, with escalation procedures in case of postponement. 
In accordance with Italian legislation on anti-corruption (Law no. 190/2012) and transparency (Legislative 
Decree no. 33/2013), the Board of Directors on 28 February 2018 appointed the Head of Internal Audit function 
also as the Responsible for Anti-Corruption and Transparency.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
Risk Management Function 
The Risk Management Function is responsible for managing the overall risk management process 
(i.e. identification, measurement, management, control and reporting). In particular, the Function: 
• 
supports the management in reviewing the internal Risk Framework according to AMCO business 
targets and risk appetite; 
• 
defines risk management policies and cooperates with Risk Owners for defining procedures to manage 
specific risk profiles; 
• 
is responsible for the methodologies for risk assessment and measurement; 
• 
monitors on an ongoing base risk exposures and limits; 
• 
performs ex ante risk assessments on most relevant operations (e.g. new products or new portfolio 
acquisition); 
• 
performs stress test analyses; 
• 
assesses the effectiveness of the overall risk management processes; and 
• 
is responsible for risk reporting to the management. 
Moreover, The Risk Management Function coordinates of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
and the Pillar 3 disclosure. 
Compliance and Anti money-laundering (AML) Functions 
The Compliance function is responsible for ensuring compliance with applicable regulations through ex ante 
assessments of operating procedures and ex post verifications that correct operating procedures have been 
applied.  Core compliance activities and controls are: 
• 
developing a Compliance programme which describes and analyses in terms of compliance risk those 
laws, regulations and standards which are material and relevant to the business and fall within the 
generic scope of the Compliance function; 
• 
managing the drafting and the implementation of the management, organization and control model 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001; 
• 
participating and consulting in company’s projects in order to advise and assist the business to identify 
compliance risks, implementing risk mitigating measures, including clear standards, procedures and 
guidelines, to prevent, mitigate or minimise compliance risks and to detect, report and respond to 
compliance violations; 
• 
managing the preparation of periodical compliance reporting to the management; 
• 
preparing any necessary reporting to ensure appropriate information of the relevant management and 
departments and manage the necessary follow-up; 
• 
providing support in the preparation of periodic reports required by regulators; and 
• 
supporting the set-up, the planning and the roll-out of the Compliance training in-class courses and the 
communications to the employees of AMCO. 
The AML function ensures compliance with anti-money laundering obligations applicable to AMCO, evaluates 
the adequacy of internal procedures and assesses their correct application.  Core anti-money laundering activities 
and controls are: 
• 
performing controls on clients and transactions against OFAC, UN, UE and internal sanction lists, 
assessing positive matches, ensuring that all suspicious activities are promptly investigated and 
reporting any findings in accordance with local regulations;

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
• 
ensuring adequacy of AML compliance procedures (KYC, SAR procedure); 
• 
performing periodic analysis, reviewing of high-risk clients’ categories and approving specific clients’ 
due diligence; 
• 
analysing anomalous transactions that could be deemed suspicious and executing the necessary 
reporting to Authorities; and 
• 
establishing and executing a complete AML Monitoring and Testing Plan. 
In accordance with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation – EU Regulation 2016/679), the Board of 
Directors on 21 June 2019 appointed the Head of Compliance & AML Functions also as the Data Protection 
Officer (DPO). 
AMCO has in place a series of internal regulations and manuals laying down relevant procedures and guidelines 
to be followed by the internal control functions, as well as other rules and procedures manuals to govern on all 
aspects and functioning of AMCO, including governance, business, organisation and communications.  These 
internal regulations and procedures, aligned with AMCO’s business model, are constantly updated taking into 
consideration evolutions of the regulatory framework. 
Independent auditors 
AMCO’s current independent auditors are Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”). 
Deloitte is appointed for the audit of the annual financial statements of AMCO for the period 2019 to 2027. 
Deloitte is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) kept 
by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree no. 39 
of 27 January 2010.  Deloitte is also a member of the ASSIREVI (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), 
the Italian association of auditing firms. 
Litigation 
As part of the ordinary course of business, AMCO is, and may in the future be, subject to a number of 
administrative, civil, regulatory, criminal and tax proceedings relating to its activities. 
In particular, AMCO is exposed to risk of revocation of (and consequential obligation to return) public 
contributions granted in favour of assigned debtors that have lost the benefit thereto.  The recoverability of any 
of these contributions that AMCO may be ordered to return is difficult to estimate. 
AMCO is furthermore party to a number of proceedings that may potentially result in liabilities to AMCO, 
including in the context of bankruptcy or enforcement proceedings against assigned debtors, in relation to 
notifications to the Centrale dei Rischi, or concerning the interest rates or methods used to calculate interest 
rates applicable to the assigned receivables.  These proceedings - many of which commenced before the relevant 
receivables were purchased by AMCO - involve complex, diverse and evolving legal issues as well as facts and 
circumstances that are peculiar to each proceeding.  Their outcomes are inevitably uncertain, also due to possible 
differences in court interpretations. 
AMCO constantly reviews its outstanding and potential litigations on an on-going basis, and provisions are set 
aside in its financial statements to meet losses that have been ascertained, or deemed probable and reasonably 
estimable, in accordance with applicable accounting principles and procedures governing the preparation of 
financial statements.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, it cannot be excluded that the occurrence of new 
developments, facts and circumstances that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are neither known nor 
predictable may result in such provisions being inadequate.  See further “Risk Factors – Legal proceedings”. 
For further information, see Section 4 (Provisions for risks and charges), Part A of the explanatory notes to, the 
financial statements of AMCO as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above).

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the Issuer’s financial and receivables management performance (based on the 
financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019), AMCO’s 
management has identified several alternative performance measures (“APMs”) - as defined by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415) (the 
“ESMA Guidelines”) - which appear below and elsewhere (or are otherwise incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Management believes that these APMs provide useful information for investors as regards the financial position, 
cash flows and financial performance of AMCO, because they facilitate the identification of significant 
operating trends and financial parameters.  The definitions and the calculation methods of these APMs as 
required by the EMSA Guidelines are set out below. 
• 
ROE is calculated as the ratio between (a) Net profit for the period and (b) the shareholders’ equity at 
the beginning of the period; 
• 
EBIT is calculated as the Result for the year before taxes and interests and commissions from financial 
assets; 
• 
Fee Margin is calculated as the Net fees and commission; 
• 
Cost/Income ratio is calculated as the ratio between (a) Total costs (represented by net operational 
costs and personnel costs) and (b) Total revenues (represented by servicing commissions, interest and 
commissions from business with customers and other income/expense from ordinary operations); 
• 
Period collections / FTE is calculated as the ratio between (a) Collections for the period (being cash 
flows (gross of expenses incurred) deriving from the recovery of portfolio receivables under 
management and (b) FTE (full time equivalent), being the average number of full time employees for 
the period; and 
• 
Period collections / GBV is calculated as the ratio between (a) Collections for the period, being cash 
flows (gross of expenses incurred) deriving from recovery of portfolio receivables under management 
and (b) GBV, being the average book value of the portfolio of loans under management before 
adjustments, depreciation, expenses and interests. 
• 
Cash EBITDA is calculated as the difference between gross collection for the period from on-balance 
portfolios and total costs (represented by net operational costs and personnel costs); 
• 
Debt service ratio is calculated as the ratio between (a) Cash EBITDA and (b) interest expenses plus 
debt principal repaid over the period; 
• 
Interest coverage is calculated as the ratio between (a) Cash EBITDA and (b) interest expense; 
• 
Net Debt/Equity is calculated as the ratio between (a) Financial liabilities at amortised cost minus loans 
and receivables with banks and (b) Net equity. 
It should be noted that: 
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the historical data and are not indicative of the future performance; 
(ii) 
the APMs have not been subject to audit; 
(iii) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with financial information of the Issuer contained in the financial 
statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019; and

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of the Issuer may 
not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies.  Therefore, undue reliance should not 
be placed on these data. 
 
As at and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
As at and for 
the year ended 
31 December 
2019 
ROE ................................................................................................................................ 
4.0% 
5.1% 
EBIT (euro millions) ........................................................................................................ 
106.6 
51.4 
Fee margin (euro millions)................................................................................................ 
48.1 
46.2 
Cost/income ratio ............................................................................................................. 
25.8% 
45.9% 
 
Although these measures serve to better illustrate specific aspects and historical trends of AMCO’s business 
activities, investors should note that AMCO’s historical operating results and recoveries as well as the financial 
data deriving from AMCO’s 2020 and 2019 financial statements (and therefore the APMs derived therefrom) 
will not be indicative of AMCO’s future performance as a consequence of the acquisition of new portfolios.  
See further the risk factor headed “AMCO’s historical operating results and recoveries are not indicative”. 
Overview Financial Information of AMCO 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ending 31 December 2020 and 2019 
The year ending 31 December 2019 represented the first financial year requiring preparation of consolidated 
financial statements.  Therefore the results for year ending 31 December 2020 are compared below with the 
previous year. 
In fact, AMCO plays the role of master servicer and special servicer as well as having subscribed 100% of the 
equity tranches (junior and mezzanine notes) issued by the securitisation vehicle Fucino NPL’s SPV S.r.l.  With 
regard to AMCO’s role in the securitisation, as well as the role of sole investor in Junior and Mezzanine Notes, 
in application of IFRS 10 accounting standard, AMCO has a position of significant control on the securitisation 
vehicle and therefore AMCO is responsible for the preparation and publication of consolidated financial 
statements, for further information see “Description of the Issuer – Business – Banca del Fucino” above. 
Set forth below is an overview of the financial information on AMCO which is derived from the audited 
financial statements of AMCO as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standards (IAS) and International Financial Reporting Standard 
(IFRS).  These financial statements have been audited by Deloitte.  The financial information below should be 
read in conjunction with such financial statements, audit reports and the explanatory notes thereto, incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus.  See further “Information incorporated by reference”.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
Selected balance sheet information 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
 
(expressed in thousand of Euro) 
Asset Items 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss ........................................... 
658,801 
559,709 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................... 
60,036 
844,803 
Loans and Receivables ..................................................................................................... 
5,937,807 
1,303,738 
Tax assets 
 
 
(a) current ........................................................................................................................ 
10,789 
11,238 
(b) deferred ...................................................................................................................... 
199,898 
68,673 
Other Assets .................................................................................................................... 
33,041 
31,547 
Total Assets .................................................................................................................... 
6,900,372 
2,819,708 
Liability and Net Equity Items 
 
 
Tax liabilities 
 
 
(a) current ........................................................................................................................ 
4,352 
6,543 
(b) deferred ...................................................................................................................... 
1,723 
1,658 
Other liabilities ................................................................................................................ 
97,367 
52,354 
Debt securities in issue ..................................................................................................... 
3,952,065 
915,507 
Provisions for risks and charges........................................................................................ 
 
 
- other provisions ............................................................................................................. 
20,812 
20,784 
Share capital .................................................................................................................... 
655,154 
600,000 
Treasury shares ................................................................................................................ 
(70) 
0 
Share premiums ............................................................................................................... 
604,552 
403,000 
Reserves .......................................................................................................................... 
1,498,311 
779,011 
Valuation reserves............................................................................................................ 
(9,903) 
(1,460) 
Profit (loss) for the year.................................................................................................... 
76,009 
42,311 
Total Liabilities and Net Equity..................................................................................... 
6,900,372 
2,819,708 
Selected income statement information 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
 
(expressed in thousand of euro) 
Interest margin ..........................................................................................................  
64,109 
26,087 
Net commission..........................................................................................................  
48,085 
46,239 
Profit (loss) on sale/repurchase of financial assets.........................................................  
24,735 
3,107 
Net result of financial assets valued at FVTPL .........................................................  
19,054 
17,803 
Brokerage margin......................................................................................................  
148,216 
93,235 
Net impairment losses on credit risk of financial assets .................................................  
(3,239) 
11,818 
Administrative expenses ..............................................................................................  
(58,913) 
(48,493) 
Net accruals to provisions for risks and charges ............................................................  
227 
(3,611) 
Amortization and depreciation of tangible and intangible assets ....................................  
(2,066) 
(1,515) 
Other operating income and expenses...........................................................................  
(13,997) 
(5,955) 
Result from operations ..............................................................................................  
70,229 
45,479 
Net gains (losses) on equity investments ......................................................................  
5 
(144) 
Gains (losses) on disposal of investments .....................................................................  
0 
(0) 
Profit (loss) from current operations gross of taxation .............................................  
70,234 
45,335 
Income taxes ...............................................................................................................  
5,775 
(3,024) 
Profit (loss) from current operations net of taxation.................................................  
76,009 
42,311 
Profit (loss) for the year.............................................................................................  
76,009 
42,311 
_________ 
(*) 
The financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 reported in this column is extracted from the financial information presented 
as comparative to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020. 
(**) 
The financial information for the year ended 31 December 2019 reported in this column is extracted from the financial information presented 
as comparative to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020.  The 2019 comparative figure has been changed 
as a result of the reclassification of the time value component from the item “ Interests and commissions from business with customers” to the 
item “ Net value adjustments/reversals on receivables and securities from ordinary operations”. 
Separate Financial Statements 
The year ending 31 December 2019 represented the first financial year requiring preparation of consolidated 
financial statements; therefore the Separate Financial Statements are not reported in this Prospectus. 
Such financial statements, along with the consolidated version, have been audited by Deloitte.  The financial 
information below should be read in conjunction with such financial statement, audit report and the explanatory 
notes thereto, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  See further “Information incorporated by 
reference”.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
Regulatory Framework 
Set forth below is a description of certain legislative and regulatory provisions relevant to the operations of 
AMCO. 
Assignment of the BPVi/VB Receivables to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato 
Following the declaration by the European Central Bank, in its capacity as supervisory authority, of 23 June 
2017 that BPVi and VB were failing or likely to fail, the Single Resolution Board (the competent resolution 
authority) ruled that resolution action was not warranted in the public interest in either case.  EU law provided 
that, in such circumstances, national insolvency rules applied and it was for the responsible national authorities 
to wind up the institution under national insolvency law.  In this context, given that the winding up of BPVi and 
VB would have a serious impact on the real economies of the regions where they were most active, Italy notified 
the European Commission its plans to grant state aid to wind down BPVi and VB, in order to enable the sale of 
parts of the two banks’ activities to Intesa Sanpaolo, which was selected as the buyer in an open, fair and 
transparent sales procedure), including the transfer of employees but excluding all non-performing exposures 
of the two banks.  In particular, the Italian state granted cash injections of approximately €4,785 billion; and 
state guarantees of a maximum of approximately €12 billion on loans granted by Intesa Sanpaolo (the “Intesa 
Loans”) to finance the winding down of the remaining liquidation mass, in the event the liquidation mass was 
insufficient to reimburse the Intesa Loans.  The cash injections and state guarantees, which rank as senior claims 
by the Italian state on the assets in the liquidation mass, were approved by the European Commission in line 
with EU state aid rules. 
Following approval by the European Commission, Law Decree 99/2017 was issued containing provisions 
relating to the liquidation of BPVi and VB.  In addition to provisions relevant to the aforementioned sale of 
activities to Intesa Sanpaolo, Article 5 of Law Decree 99/2017 provides for the following: 
• 
MEF shall, by decree, order the BPVi/VB Liquidators to assign their non-performing receivables and 
certain other related assets to AMCO.  In consideration for the assignment, the BPVi/VB Liquidators 
shall have a claim against AMCO corresponding to the book value of the relevant receivables and assets, 
as adjusted from time to time according to the greater or lesser realisation value thereof; 
• 
AMCO shall administer such receivables and assets with the objective of maximising their value, also 
in derogation from the general provisions as regards capital adequacy imposed on financial 
intermediaries pursuant to Article 108 of the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
• 
AMCO may constitute one or more dedicated asset pools (Patrimoni Destinati) exclusively for the 
administration of such non-performing receivables and assets, the value of each individual Patrimonio 
Destinato may exceed 10 per cent. of AMCO’s total net assets. 
The constitution and the administration of Patrimoni Destinati are governed by Section XI, Articles 2447-bis to 
2447-decies of the Italian Civil Code.  According to these articles of the Italian Civil Code, a company’s liability 
for obligations contracted for the specific purpose for which a Patrimonio Destinato is established shall be 
limited to the total value of such Patrimonio Destinato, unless the company’s board of directors resolves 
otherwise and provided that any limitation of liability does not apply to obligations arising from illegal acts 
(Article 2447-quinquies, third paragraph).  Directors shall maintain separate books and accounting records in 
respect of each Patrimonio Destinato; a separate report in respect of each Patrimonio Destinato shall be annexed 
to the company’s financial statements and the explanatory notes must indicate, inter alia, the criteria adopted 
for allocating common items of costs and income and the applicable liability regime (Article 2447-septies). 
Article 2447-novies of the Italian Civil Code provides that when the specific purpose for which a Patrimonio 
Destinato is established has been realised or has otherwise become impossible to realise, the directors shall 
prepare a final report, accompanied by a report of the statutory auditors and of the auditors, which shall be filed 
with the competent companies registry.  In case not all the obligations contracted by the Patrimonio Destinato 
in pursuit of its specific purpose have been satisfied in full, the creditors may ask for the liquidation of the

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
Patrimonio Destinato within 90 days after the date of filing of the final report.  In case of liquidation of a 
Patrimonio Destinato, the following provisions shall apply: 
• 
the rules applicable to liquidation of joint stock companies shall apply insofar as compatible for the 
liquidation of a Patrimonio Destinato; and 
• 
the aforementioned provisions of Article 2447-quinquies, paragraph 3, of the Italian Civil Code shall 
apply to determine whether claims of the creditors of a Patrimonio Destinato shall be limited recourse 
to the Patrimonio Destinato or not. 
Article 5(5) of Law Decree 99/2017 provides that for the purposes of the assignment of the non-performing 
receivables by the BPVi/VB Liquidators, the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato may also 
be established by a decree by MEF.  In this case, the constitution shall take effect on the date of publication of 
such MEF decree in the Official Gazette or, if earlier, the date of publication by the Bank of Italy of notice of 
such assignment.  The Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato and the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato have 
been constituted by the MEF Decree with effect on 11 April 2018, being the date of publication by the Bank of 
Italy of notice of the assignment of the BPVi/VB Receivables. 
Certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code are expressly derogated by Law Decree 99/2017, namely: 
• 
Article 2447-quarter, second paragraph pursuant to which creditors of a company may oppose the 
patrimonio destinato’s constitution within sixty days after filing of the resolution approving the 
patrimonio destinato’s establishment.  Alternatively, the competent court may rule that the resolution 
approving establishment of the patrimonio destinato be implemented subject to the provision of 
appropriate guarantees by the company; 
• 
Article 2447-quinquies, first paragraph pursuant to which after such sixty-days’ period (or following 
entry of the court ruling), general creditors of a company may have no further claims on the dedicated 
assets of the patrimonio destinato, save for such part of the income produced by the patrimonio destinato 
that is due to the company’s general assets; and 
• 
Article 2447-quinquies, second paragraph pursuant to which with reference to moveable and 
immovable assets comprised in a patrimonio destinato, the exclusion of these assets from claims of 
general creditors shall not apply until such time the specific purpose of the patrimonio destinato has 
been entered in the relevant public registers. 
On 22 February 2018, the MEF Decree was issued, in implementation of Article 5 of Law Decree 99/2017.  The 
decree – which was issued by MEF on 22 February 2018 and registered by the Court of Auditors on 12 March 
2018– provides as follows: 
• 
the BPVi/VB Liquidators shall assign, on one or more occasions, to the Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto 
Patrimonio Destinato certain receivables and relating assets classified as non-performing at the date of 
commencement of the liquidation of BPVi/VB; 
• 
the Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato and the Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato shall be 
constituted within AMCO, for the purpose of segregating the assets and liabilities arising in connection 
with the management of the receivables assigned to each Patrimonio Destinato from the general assets 
of AMCO; 
• 
the purchase price for the receivables assigned to each Patrimonio Destinato shall be defined in the 
relevant receivables transfer agreements, taking into account amounts due to AMCO, costs and 
expenses relating to the purchase, ownership, management, recovery and realisation of the receivables 
as well as the conclusion and implementation of the receivables transfer agreements, including any 
losses and liabilities incurred.  Such purchase price shall be paid out of sums from time to time recovered 
by each Patrimonio Destinato, net of expenses, disbursements and other expenditures and taking into 
account the operational needs of each Patrimonio Destinato; 
• 
AMCO shall have sole responsibility for the management of the receivables assigned to each Patrimonio 
Destinato, and shall receive an amount to cover costs not otherwise attributed to each Patrimonio 
Destinato and to maintain its economic sustainability over time; and

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
• 
certain provisions concerning the management of the receivables shall be renegotiated in case of change 
of control of AMCO by operation of law. 
Financial Intermediaries regulations 
Financial intermediaries are entities other than banks allowed by Italian law to provide credit in a professional 
capacity in Italy.  Following the reform of Title V of the Consolidated Banking Act, financial intermediaries are 
authorised by the Bank of Italy to provide financing in any form, and are entered in a special register pursuant 
to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act (the “Article 106 Register”).  Loan guarantee consortia with 
business volumes of €150 million or more, securitisation servicers (i.e. entities that collect assigned receivables 
and perform cash and payment services pursuant to the Securitisation Law) and fiduciary companies pursuant 
to Article 199 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 are also entered in this register.  Financial 
intermediaries and other entities entered on the Article 106 Register are subject to a prudential supervisory 
regime equivalent to that of banks, the aim of which is to ensure financial stability and sound and prudent 
management.  This regime is based on the principle of proportionality so as to take into account the operational, 
size-related and organisational complexities of the entity and the nature of its activities. 
As a financial intermediary entered on the Article 106 Register, AMCO is subject to the measures relating to 
the activities and supervision of financial intermediaries, including in particular Circular No. 288 of 3 April 
2015 (Supervisory Provisions for financial intermediaries) issued by the Bank of Italy (“Circular 288/2015”) 
pursuant to Articles 107 and 108 of the Consolidated Banking Act, which provide that the Bank of Italy is (inter 
alia) authorised to issue provisions of a general character applicable to financial intermediaries referring to their 
corporate governance, capital adequacy, containment of risks, accounting and administrative organisation, 
internal control, remuneration and incentive systems as well as disclosure of information to the public.  Circular 
288/2015 contains (among others) the following provisions: 
• 
provisions governing the conditions and procedures for granting authorisation for enrolment on the 
Article 106 Register.  For the purpose of verifying the existence of conditions to ensure a sound and 
prudent management of the financial intermediary, authorisation is subject to satisfaction of a number 
of conditions, including minimum paid up share capital; satisfaction by shareholders of requirements 
as to integrity; satisfaction by corporate officers of requirements as to professionalism, integrity and 
independence; submission of business plan and organisational structure; 
• 
provisions governing: (a) the general organisational requirement and corporate governance rules, setting 
forth the duties and responsibilities of corporate bodies, (b) the internal control systems and (c) the 
outsourcing of business functions; and 
• 
provisions governing the prudential regime applicable to financial intermediaries, characterised by 
prudential requirements comparable, in terms of solidity, to corresponding requirements applicable to 
banks, to contribute towards a sound and prudent management of financial intermediaries and the 
stability of the financial sector as a whole.  These rules are based on the same three pillars envisaged 
by the Basel regulatory framework applicable to banks, namely: 
• 
Pillar One that introduces a regulatory capital requirement to meet risks inherent in financial 
activities; 
• 
Pillar Two, pursuant to which financial intermediaries must possess an internal process to 
ascertain the adequacy of its current and prospective capital position, while the competent 
supervisory authority has the task to verify the reliability and coherence of results and to adopt 
appropriate corrective measures; and 
• 
Pillar Three, which imposes on financial intermediaries the obligation to disclose to the public 
their regulatory capital position, exposures to risks and general characteristics of their 
management and control systems. 
With specific reference to capital adequacy, Circular 288/2015 sets out in Title IV, Chapter 4 (Capital 
Requirements) provisions applicable to financial intermediaries that are both of a general character as well as 
specific provisions.  In particular, Title IV, Chapter 4, Section II of Circular 288/2015 states that unless stated 
otherwise, the provisions of Part Three (Capital Requirements), Title I (General Requirements, valuation and

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
reporting), Chapter 1 (Required level of own funds) of the CRR would apply to financial intermediaries.  
According to Article 92(1) of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy a Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
ratio of 4.5%; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6% and a total capital ratio of 8%.  Section III (Specific provisions) of 
Circular 288/2015 provides that by way of derogation from the general provisions of Article 92(1) of the CRR, 
financial intermediaries that do not collect savings from the public shall satisfy (a) a Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio of 4.5% and (b) a total capital ratio of 6% that may be met either by common equity tier 1 
instruments or by Tier 2 instruments.  Bank of Italy has furthermore clarified that capital buffer requirements 
do not apply to financial intermediaries. 
Title IV, Chapter 12 (Large Exposures), Section II of Circular 288/2015 provides that a financial intermediary 
shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk mitigation in accordance with 
Articles 399 to 403 of the CRR, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its 
eligible capital.  Where that client is an institution or where a group of connected clients includes one or more 
institutions, the value shall not exceed 25% of the intermediary’s eligible capital or Euro 150 million, whichever 
the higher, provided that the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation in accordance with Articles 399 to 403 of the CRR, to all connected clients that are not institutions 
does not exceed 25% of the intermediary’s eligible capital.  This and other provisions of a general character 
concerning capital adequacy requirements applicable to financial intermediaries are expressly derogated with 
reference to the risks assumed by AMCO in the context of its purchase of the BPVi/VB Receivables, in 
accordance with the provisions laid down in Article 5(3) of Law Decree 99/2017 pursuant to which AMCO 
shall administer the receivables and other assets purchased by it from the BPVi/VB Liquidators with the 
objective to maximise their value, also in derogation from the provisions of a general character in relation to 
capital adequacy referred to in Article 108 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The prudential supervisory regime is two-fold: firstly, the adequacy of a financial intermediary’s capital position 
is assessed in accordance with the ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process), pursuant to which 
the financial intermediary performs an evaluation of the adequacy of its capital position, current and prospective, 
with reference to the risks undertaken and corporate strategies; and secondly, the supervisory authority performs 
a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process and where appropriate, orders corrective measures. 
The Board of Directors of AMCO approves the ICAAP report with reference to the previous financial year, 
which is then submitted to the Bank of Italy.  In accordance with the provisions laid down in Part Eight of the 
CRR, AMCO publishes disclosures in compliance with its Pillar Three obligations on an annual basis.  As 
disclosed in AMCO’s Pillar Three disclosure report as at 31 December 2019, based on an analysis conducted in 
consideration of its current and prospective activities, AMCO is exposed to the following risks: 
• 
Pillar One risks: credit risk & counterparty risk, operational risk, market risk; and 
• 
Pillar Two risks: interest rate risks, liquidity risk, encumbered assets risk, securitization risk, residual 
risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputational risk, concentration risk. 
For a more detailed description of these risks, see further “Risk Factors – Other risk factors affecting AMCO”.

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis.  The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to 
consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes.  This 
summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  Italian tax laws 
and interpretations may be subject to frequent changes which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree. No. 239”) regulates the tax treatment of interest, 
premiums and other income, including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian companies 
other than small capitalized companies, provided that the notes are traded on a EU or EEA regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility or, if not traded in the aforementioned market or multilateral trading facility, that 
such securities are held by “qualified investors” pursuant to article 100 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998. 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree 
No. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate 
an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with 
or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the 
management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the 
same. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of Notes, who is the beneficial owner of such 
Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional association; 
or 
(c) 
private or public institutions (other than companies), trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the 
Notes) (unless Noteholder described under (a) to (c) have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so called “regime del risparmio gestito” 
(the “Asset Management Regime”) according to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 
21 November 1997, as amended (“Decree No. 461”)).  All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients”. 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax.  Interest will 
be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary 
income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due.

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232 of 
11 December 2016 (“Law No. 232”) in Article 1, paragraph 211-215 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 
(“Law. No. 145”) and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 (“Law Decree No. 124”), 
each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stock brokers 
and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (“Intermediaries” and each an 
“Intermediary”).  An Intermediary must (a) (i) be resident in Italy, or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (iii) be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a 
system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and 
(b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the 
Notes.  For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment 
or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or with a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni are not 
subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice); 
(iii) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the “Funds” and each 
a “Fund”), investment companies with a variable capital (“SICAVs”), investment companies with fixed 
capital (“SICAFs”), Italian resident real estate investment funds subject to the regime provided for by 
Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (“Decree No. 252”); and 
(iv) 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial 
Intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as “gross recipients”.  To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without 
the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv) must: (a) be 
the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time, together with 
the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary).  Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited 
with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the 
Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign entities to 
which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes 
due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, 
depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes of regional tax on 
productive activities – “IRAP”) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations or permanent

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to tax in 
Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for the 
Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) 
on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include 
Interest accrued on the Notes).  The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF and the relevant Notes are held by an 
authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF.  The Fund, 
SICAV or SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, 
in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective 
Investment Fund Tax”). 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree 
No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, Interest accrued on the 
Notes will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate 
investment fund or real estate SICAF.  The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate SICAF is subject 
to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned 
by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident pension fund subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 and the Notes are deposited with an Italian resident intermediary, Interest relating 
to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax (the “Pension Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of 
each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article  1, paragraph 100 
- 114 of Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraph 211-215 of Law No. 145 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non–Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer will not be 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are non–Italian 
resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities and listed in the Ministerial Decree dated 
4 September 1996 as amended from time to time (the “White List”).  According to Article 11, par. 4, 
let. c) of Decree No. 239, the White List will be updated every six months period.  In absence of the 
issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
4 September 1996 as amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met 
or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest 
in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries 
included in the White List; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of 
a foreign State.

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
non–Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly 
with a resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non–Italian resident bank or 
SIM, or with a non–Italian resident operator participating in a centralised securities management system 
which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that he 
or she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the above-mentioned White List states.  Such statement 
(autocertificazione), which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 
12 December 2001 (as amended and supplemented), is valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not 
be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was 
previously submitted to the same depository.  The statement (autocertificazione) is not required for 
non– Italian resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in accordance 
with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non–resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interests 
payments to a non–resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant holder of the Notes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original Tranche.  This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date 
of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original 
Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the 
duration of the Notes. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), so called “titoli atipici”, may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (“Decree 
No. 512”).  For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of 
periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer 
or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity to which the Notes are connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax.  In all other 
cases, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to the withholding tax under Decree No. 512 might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy 
and the country of residence of the relevant holder of the Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to “titoli atipici”, if those Notes 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraph 211-
215 of Law No. 145 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable 
from time to time. 
Capital Gains 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”) is applicable 
to capital gains realised by: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities on 
any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so called “regime della dichiarazione” (the “Tax Declaration Regime”), which is the standard 
regime for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on 
a cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised pursuant to all 
investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year.  The capital gains realised in a year net of any 
relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian tax 
authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income tax due 
for the relevant tax year.  Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year. 
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, holders of the Notes who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption 
of the Notes under the so called “regime del risparmio amministrato” (the “Administrative Savings Regime”).  
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs and 
any other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) 
an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant 
holder of the Notes.  The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised as at 
revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from 
proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes.  Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results 
in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently 
realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or 
in the following tax years up to the fourth.  Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the realised capital gain 
is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an 
Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary.  The capital gains realised upon sale, transfer 
or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains but will 
contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the Asset 
Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward against 
appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth.  Also under the Asset Management Regime 
the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder.

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, in 
Article 1, paragraph 211-215 of Law No. 145 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as 
amended and applicable from time to time. 
In case of Notes held by Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs, capital gains on Notes contribute to determinate the 
increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year.  
The Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment 
Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree 
No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, or a real estate SICAF, capital gains realised 
will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment 
fund or real estate SICAF.  The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in 
the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the 
fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax.  Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period) and limitations, capital gains in respect of Notes realized upon 
sale, transfer or redemption by Italian Pension Fund may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund 
Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100 - 114 of Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraph 211-215 of 
Law No. 145 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time 
to time. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non–Italian resident individuals and corporations 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held 
in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non–Italian residents without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for 
consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed 
on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases, subject to timely filing of required documentation 
(in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non–residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries 
(or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the 
Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with 
no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or 
redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes: (a) in a state or territory listed in the 
White List as defined above, and (b) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 
and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time.  Under these circumstances, 
if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet 
the requirement indicated above.  The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Notes 
are (i) international entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries included in the White

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
List; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
and 
(b) 
in any event, non–Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy, 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative 
Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they promptly file with 
the Italian authorised financial intermediary a self-declaration attesting that all the requirements for the 
application of the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be included 
in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of production for 
IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments by Law No. 286 of 
24 November 2006 effective from 29 November 2006, and Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers of 
any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no consideration) 
and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the transfer 
is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer if made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on 
the value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct affinity 
as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; and 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
€1,500,000. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required to pay the 
relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law 
No. 232, in Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as 
amended and applicable from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form 
that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return), according to Law Decree 
No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted into law by Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year.  The requirement 
applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual 
owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their intervention, 
upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their 
aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2 ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, 
a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be 
sent by a financial intermediary to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument (including the 
Notes), which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 
0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined 
on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the face value or redemption value, 
or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the financial assets 
(including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the 
deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement.  In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the 
stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting from 
fiscal year 2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding 
financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to pay in its own annual tax 
declaration a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the 
relevant year (or at the end of the holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, on the nominal value 
or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value 
of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax 
levied abroad on such financial assets.  The financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the 
wealth tax if administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the 
items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  A number of 
jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payment” are published in the U.S. Federal Register.  
However, if additional notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc has, in a programme agreement dated 27 July 2021, as modified, and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the “Programme Agreement”), agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which it (or any additional dealers appointed from time to time pursuant to the Programme Agreement) 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
“Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or, if Category 
2 is specified in the Final Terms, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable and will confirm whether the Issuer is Category 1 
or Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes: (a) as part of their distribution at any time; or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated 
basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, if Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms, the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
Prospectus, as the case may be)  to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations 
of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time (“Regulation No. 11971”), and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the shareholders of the Issuer dated 
20 April 2021.  The issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes 
by the competent bodies of the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of the 
Issuer’s by-laws.  Each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) shall be passed in notarial form and registered 
in the competent Companies’ Register (Registro delle Imprese). 
Listing of Notes, admission to trading and approval 
An application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
The Issuer may also issue Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Programme Manual, the Issuer-ICSD Agreement 
and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(c) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu. 
Publication on the Internet 
The By-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at: https://www.amco.it/wp-
content/themes/amco2019/societa-trasparente-pdf/01_AttiGenerali/AMCO-Articles-of-Association.pdf 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraph (c) above are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.amco.it/en/investor-relations-2/#block-5 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the Issuer’s 
website does not form part of this base prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 815600188E751D28E867. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the 
process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of different Tranches of a 
Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, 
if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer – Recent Developments”, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group, and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not, or has not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
AMCO’s current independent auditors are Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”). 
Deloitte is appointed for the audit of the annual financial statements of AMCO for the period 2019 to 2027.  The 
financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 has been audited by Deloitte. 
Deloitte is a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Milan 
under number 03049560166 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali) maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance effective from 7 June 2004 with registration number 
no: 132587, having its registered office at via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) and other related 
transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.  For the avoidance of doubt, the term ‘affiliates’ also includes 
parent companies. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2019 Base Prospectus ................................... 15 
30/360 ........................................................ 23 
30E/360 ...................................................... 23 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 24 
360/360 ...................................................... 23 
Accountholder ............................................. 65 
Accrual Yield .............................................. 21 
Actual/360 .................................................. 23 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 23 
Actual/Actual .............................................. 22 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 22 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 22 
Additional Business Centre(s) ........................ 21 
Additional Calculation Agent ......................... 21 
Additional Financial Centre(s)........................ 21 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 36 
Administrative Savings Regime.....................110 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 20 
Alternative Rate ........................................... 37 
APMs ...................................................... 7, 99 
Arranger ....................................................... 1 
Article 106 Register .....................................104 
Asset Management Regime...........................106 
Asset Management Tax ................................108 
Banco di Napoli ........................................... 69 
Banco di Napoli Receivables.......................... 71 
Banking Act ...............................................118 
Base Prospectus ........................................... 52 
Benchmark Amendments.......................... 35, 37 
Benchmark discontinuation.............................. 2 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 37 
Board of Directors ........................................ 93 
Board of Statutory Auditors ........................... 93 
Bond Basis .................................................. 23 
BPVi .......................................................... 71 
BPVi Liquidators ......................................... 71 
BPVi Portfolio ............................................. 71 
BPVi Receivables......................................... 71 
BPVi Receivables Transfer Agreement ............ 74 
BPVi/VB Liquidators.................................... 71 
BPVi/VB Portfolios ...................................... 71 
BPVi/VB Receivables ................................... 71 
Broken Amount ........................................... 21 
Business Day ............................................... 21 
Business Day Convention .............................. 21 
Calculation Agent......................................... 22 
Calculation Amount...................................... 22 
Calculation Period ........................................ 22 
Cap ............................................................ 22 
Carige ........................................................ 82 
Certain Restrictions ........................................ 1 
Circular 288/2015........................................104 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.............................. 18 
CMS Rate ................................................... 22 
CMS Rate 1 ................................................. 22 
CMS Rate 2 ................................................. 22 
CMS Reference Banks .................................. 22 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ................... 108 
Common Depositary ..................................... 18 
Common Safekeeper ..................................... 18 
Conditions .............................................. 20, 52 
CONSOB .................................................. 118 
Consolidated Banking Act ............................. 69 
Coupon Sheet .............................................. 22 
Couponholders ............................................. 20 
Coupons...................................................... 20 
CRA Regulation ............................................. 2 
Cross Default ................................................. 4 
CRR ........................................................... 13 
CSSF ............................................................ 2 
Currencies ..................................................... 1 
Day Count Fraction....................................... 22 
Dealer........................................................... 2 
Dealers ..................................................... 2, 1 
Decree No. 239 ............................................ 44 
Decree No. 252 .......................................... 107 
Decree No. 461 .......................................... 106 
Decree No. 512 .......................................... 109 
Decree. No. 239 ......................................... 106 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 66 
Deloitte ..................................................... 121 
Denomination of Note ..................................... 3 
Description .................................................... 1 
Designated Maturity...................................... 33 
Director ...................................................... 93 
Disputes ...................................................... 50 
Distribution ................................................... 1 
distributor.................................................... 51 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ............... 24, 40 
Economic Effective Date ............................... 74 
ESMA .......................................................... 4 
ESMA Guidelines......................................... 99 
EURIBOR ................................................... 34 
Eurobond Basis ............................................ 23 
Euroclear..................................................... 18 
Eurodollar Convention .................................. 21 
Exchange Date ............................................. 18 
Exchange Event ........................................... 18 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................... 24 
FATCA Withholding .................................... 45 
FIEA ........................................................ 117 
Final Date ................................................... 76 
Final Redemption Amount ............................. 24 
Final Report................................................. 76 
Final Terms ..............................................2, 20 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus................ 2

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
 
Financial Services Act..................................118 
first currency ............................................... 49 
first Person .................................................. 28 
Fiscal Agent ............................................. 1, 20 
Fitch Ratings ..............................................2, 4 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................. 24 
Fixed Rate Notes ............................................ 2 
Floating Rate Convention .............................. 21 
Floating Rate Notes ........................................ 2 
Floor .......................................................... 24 
Following Business Day Convention ............... 21 
foreign passthru payments ............................113 
Form of Notes................................................ 2 
FRN Convention .......................................... 21 
FSMA .......................................................117 
Fund..........................................................107 
Funds ........................................................107 
Governing Law .............................................. 5 
GRAAL ...................................................... 73 
Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio Destinato .............. 73 
Gruppo Vicenza Patrimonio Destinato ............. 73 
Gruppo Vicenza/Gruppo Veneto Patrimonio 
Destinato ................................................. 73 
Guarantee.................................................... 24 
ICSDs ........................................................ 18 
IGAs .........................................................113 
Indebtedness................................................ 24 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 38 
Interest ......................................................106 
Interest Amount ........................................... 25 
Interest Basis ............................................... 25 
Interest Commencement Date......................... 25 
Interest Determination Date ........................... 25 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 25 
Interest Period ............................................. 25 
Interim Special Servicing Agreements ............. 92 
Intermediaries .............................................107 
Intermediary ...............................................107 
Intesa Loans ...............................................102 
Intesa Sanpaolo ............................................ 71 
Investor Put ................................................... 3 
IRAP .........................................................108 
IRF ............................................................ 13 
ISDA Definitions ......................................... 25 
ISDA Rate .................................................. 33 
Issuance in Series ........................................... 1 
Issue Date ................................................... 25 
Issue Price..................................................... 1 
Issuer .................................................. 2, 1, 20 
Issuer Call ..................................................... 3 
Isveimer...................................................... 71 
Isveimer Receivables .................................... 71 
Law Decree 99/2017 ..................................... 71 
Law Decree No. 124 ....................................107 
Law No. 232...............................................107 
Law. No. 145..............................................107 
Legal Effective Date ..................................... 74 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 .......................... 95 
Legislative Decree No. 239 ............................ 25 
Leverage ..................................................... 25 
Listing Agent ................................................. 1 
Listing, admission to trading and approval.......... 4 
Margin ........................................................ 25 
Margin Ratio ............................................... 78 
Maturities...................................................... 1 
Maturity Date .............................................. 25 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...................... 25 
MEF ........................................................... 69 
MEF Decree ................................................ 71 
MiFID II ....................................................... 2 
Minimum Redemption Amount ...................... 25 
Modified Business Day Convention................. 21 
Modified Following Business Day Convention.. 21 
necessary information ................................... 17 
Net Recoveries ............................................. 77 
NGN .......................................................... 18 
No Adjustment ............................................. 22 
Noteholders ................................................. 20 
Notes .......................................................2, 20 
NPE ........................................................... 69 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............... 25 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ................ 25 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .................... 25 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..................... 26 
Optional Redemption Date(s) ......................... 26 
Original Reference Rate ................................ 38 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes
 ................................................................ 2 
Patrimonio Destinato..................................... 73 
Paying Agents.............................................. 20 
Payment Business Day ............................. 26, 67 
Pension Fund Tax ....................................... 108 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 18 
Permitted Reorganisation .......................... 26, 46 
Person......................................................... 26 
Preceding Business Day Convention................ 21 
Principal Financial Centre .............................. 26 
Proceedings ................................................. 50 
Programme ...............................................2, 20 
Programme Agreement................................ 115 
Programme Size ............................................. 1 
Prospectus Regulation ..................................... 2 
Purchase Price.............................................. 76 
Purchase Price Instalment .............................. 77 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 26 
Put Option Receipt........................................ 26 
Quarterly Report .......................................... 76 
Quarterly Reporting Period ............................ 76 
Rate of Interest............................................. 26 
Rating........................................................... 4 
Receivables Transfer Agreement..................... 74 
Receivables Transfer Agreements ................... 74 
Redemption ................................................... 2 
Redemption Amount ..................................... 26

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
 
Reference Banks ..................................... 26, 34 
Reference Price ............................................ 26 
Reference Rate........................................ 27, 34 
Registration Document.................................. 17 
Regular Date ............................................... 27 
Regular Period ............................................. 27 
Regulation No. 11971 ..................................118 
Relevant Coupons ........................................ 43 
Relevant Date .............................................. 27 
relevant Dealer............................................... 2 
Relevant Financial Centre......................... 27, 34 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................ 38 
Relevant Screen Page.................................... 27 
Relevant Swap Rate ...................................... 27 
Relevant Time ............................................. 28 
relevant transaction....................................... 46 
Representative Amount ................................. 28 
Reserved Matter ........................................... 28 
second currency ........................................... 49 
second Person .............................................. 28 
Securities Note............................................. 17 
Selling Restrictions......................................... 5 
Senior Management ...................................... 94 
Series ......................................................... 20 
Servicing Mandate........................................ 73 
SFA ........................................................... 51 
SGA........................................................ 2, 20 
SGA’s Share of Recoveries............................ 77 
SGRs.........................................................107 
SICAFs......................................................107 
SICAVs .....................................................107 
SIMs ........................................................ 107 
Specified Currency ....................................... 28 
Specified Denomination(s)............................. 28 
Specified Office ........................................... 28 
Specified Period ........................................... 28 
Status of the Notes .......................................... 4 
Subsidiary ................................................... 28 
sub-unit.................................................. 30, 34 
Successor Rate ............................................. 38 
Talon .......................................................... 28 
Talons......................................................... 20 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 28 
TARGET2................................................... 28 
Tax Declaration Regime .............................. 110 
Tax Event.................................................... 29 
Taxation........................................................ 3 
Temporary Global Note ................................. 18 
Terms and Conditions ................................... 15 
Tranche....................................................... 20 
Treaty ......................................................... 29 
United States Selling Restrictions...................... 5 
UTP/PD Commitments.................................. 74 
VB ............................................................. 71 
VB Liquidators ............................................ 71 
VB Portfolio ................................................ 71 
VB Receivables............................................ 71 
VB Receivables Transfer Agreement ............... 74 
White List ................................................. 108 
Zero Coupon Note ........................................ 29 
Zero Coupon Notes ......................................... 2

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
 
ISSUER 
AMCO – Asset Management Company S.p.A. 
Registered Office 
Via Santa Brigida 39 
80133 Naples 
Italy 
Headquarters 
Via del Lauro 5/7 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
Winchester House  
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB  
United Kingdom 
ARRANGER and DEALER 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer  
1115 Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law  
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato  
Via Broletto 16, 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law  
White & Case LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer  
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
Milano 20144 
Italy