--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
A.P. MØLLER - MÆRSK A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 25 January 2010, A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S (the Issuer) entered into a €3,000,000,000 (now €10,000,000,000) Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the Programme). 
Under the Programme described in this base prospectus (the Prospectus) the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described therein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on a continuing basis. References in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority 
under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Act dated 16 July 2019. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II). 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date and will expire on 21 December 
2023 in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid.  
References in this Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA). The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Except in the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set 
out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the 
CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of such Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a 
pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). In the case of Exempt Notes, references herein to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be 
references to "Pricing Supplement", so far as the context admits. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer has a long-term rating of Baa2 (Positive) by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's) and BBB+ (Stable) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's) as at the date of this Prospectus. Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Standard & Poor's is established in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
As such each of Moody's and Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
 
Arranger 
HSBC 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup   
Commerzbank 
 Crédit Agricole CIB 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC  
ING  
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Nordea Markets 
SEB 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
The date of this Prospectus is 21 December 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) 
in this Prospectus are inactive textual references. The information on the websites or URLs to which 
this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF.  
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or 
the Trustee. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger, nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation as to the suitability of any Notes to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any 
prospective investors. Neither the Arranger, nor any of the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Green Financing 
Framework (as defined in "Risk Factors") or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any issuance of

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes, including without limitation in connection with any Green Eligible Assets (as defined in "Risk 
Factors"). None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates makes 
any representation as to the suitability of the Green Financing Framework and none of the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the content of 
the Green Financing Framework or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in "Risk 
Factors")) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Green Financing Framework and the Second Party Opinion are not, nor shall 
they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. In the event that any such 
Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee represents that this Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Denmark), 
the UK, the People's Republic of China (the PRC), the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of 
the PRC (Hong Kong), Singapore and Japan (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in the case of 
Exempt Notes.  As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
 
Member State) must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK must be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that 
Relevant Member State or the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), in each case, in relation to such 
offer.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
In this document, all references to U.S. dollars, USD, U.S.$ and $ refer to the lawful currency of the 
United States, all references to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to the lawful currency of the UK, all 
references to DKK refer to the lawful currency of Denmark, all references to NOK refer to the lawful

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
 
currency of Norway, all references to CNY, RMB and Renminbi are to the lawful currency of the PRC 
which, for the purposes of this Prospectus, excludes Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC and Taiwan and all references to euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Information provided by third parties is as specified hereon. The Issuer confirms that any information 
provided by a third party has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes") will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, 
€STR, SOFR or SONIA as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as 
administrator of NIBOR) and Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as administrator of CIBOR) are 
included in the ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) and the administrator of STIBOR is not included in such 
register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). The administrators of €STR (the European Central Bank), SOFR (the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York) and SONIA (the Bank of England) are not subject to the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: If the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (THE SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes to be issued under the Programme are prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 43 
Form of the Notes............................................................................................................................................. 46 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 49 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 64 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 122 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................ 123 
Taxation ......................................................................................................................................................... 130 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 133 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 138

--- Page 10 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is based upon, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer and the 
Trustee that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated by the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and if appropriate, a new prospectus will be 
published or a supplement to this Prospectus will be published and made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.maersk.com  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300D2K6PKKKXVNN73 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations pursuant to Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" above. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include certain risks 
relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and certain 
market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V.  
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ) 
 
Société Générale

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VP Agents: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge in the case of VP Notes (as 
defined below) cleared through VPS (as defined below). 
 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland in the case of 
VP Notes cleared through VP (as defined below). 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
 
No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less 
than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market under this Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued either (i) in bearer form or (ii) in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (the VP Notes), 
with the legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries in the 
records of Verdipapirsentralen ASA, the Norwegian central 
securities depository (trading as Euronext VPS) (VPS) or VP 
Securities Services (VP Securities A/S), the Danish central 
securities depository (VP), as the case may be, in each case as 
described in "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
unless a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, as the 
case may be, has or have occurred, on the basis of a 
reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service or by reference to a 
reference rate index rate appearing on the website of an 
index administrator, each as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period,

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined for Floating Rate Notes, Condition 3.2(b)(vii) or 
Condition 3.2(b)(viii), as the case may be, applies.  
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(vii). 
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, the Issuer may (subject to certain 
conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser) determine a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with Condition 
3.2(b)(viii). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Exempt 
Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes may not be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, if the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
purchase or redeem and cancel 80 per cent. or more of the nominal 
value of the Notes of a Series) and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer or upon the occurrence of a 
Mandatory Offer Put Event, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. Unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, each Note, which is not an Exempt Note, will be 
redeemed at an amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its 
nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction unless such deduction is required by law. 
In the event that any such deduction is required to be made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 6, be required to pay additional amounts such that the 
net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after 
such deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect thereof in the absence of 
such deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Events of Default: 
The events of default under the Notes include, inter alia, a 
cross-acceleration provision in relation to indebtedness of the 
Issuer for monies borrowed (subject to an aggregate threshold of 
USD50,000,000) and certain events relating to the insolvency of 
the Issuer only. Certain of the events of default (including, inter 
alia, the cross-acceleration provision and certain of the events 
relating to the insolvency of the Issuer) will only result in the 
Notes becoming due and repayable if the Trustee shall have 
certified that the relevant event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. See Condition 8. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu, 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future. 
Rating: 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by a 
credit rating agency or unrated. Such ratings will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or to any other Series 
of Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, listing and admission to 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
 
trading: 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Exempt 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for (i) the registration of VP 
Notes in VPS, which shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law and (ii) the registration of VP 
Notes in VP, which shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Danish law. 
 
VP Notes must comply with the relevant regulations of VPS or VP, 
as the case may be, and the holders of VP Notes will be entitled to 
the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which 
arise under the relevant Norwegian or Danish regulations and 
legislation, as the case may be. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Denmark), the UK, the PRC, 
Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan, and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes (see "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In 
addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective investors are recommended to 
seek independent advice concerning legal, accounting and tax issues relating to the specific circumstances 
of individual investors before deciding whether or not to invest in any Notes. This Prospectus should not be 
construed as a recommendation to invest in any Notes, and prospective investors should invest in any Notes 
only if the relevant Notes are consistent with the investor's financial objectives. 
1.  
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme   
A. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
 
Supply and demand imbalances in the container shipping industry are depressing freight rates and could 
lead to a prolonged period of challenging market conditions for global shipping carriers. 
The container shipping industry has historically exhibited highly cyclical economic conditions, with high 
volatility in freight rates, primarily due to fluctuations in both the demand for container shipping services 
and the global supply of container shipping capacity. This can lead to periods of significant overcapacity, 
intense competition among carriers and depressed freight rates. The Ocean segment's profitability is strongly 
impacted by changes in freight rates, and such changes in freight rates can have a material effect on the 
Company's financial performance. 
Changes in the demand for container shipping are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the 
Company's control, but are influenced by, among other factors, global and regional economic growth, 
inventory levels, exchange rates, the shift in manufacturing away from centers of consumption, the demand 
for consumer goods in North America, Europe and Asia and changes in the regulatory regimes affecting 
shipping, including tariff regimes and trade disputes. Freight rates can vary from service to service, and 
profitability of the Company's container business is affected by changes in the geographic mix of the 
services from which the Company generates revenue. Consequently, regional changes in demand can have a 
disproportionate impact on the Company's results of operations in a given period. Freight rates are currently 
declining due to global trade deceleration as a result of the negative economic situation. The Company is and 
will remain highly exposed to changes in freight rates until it has established a more diversified business 
through the expansion of its non-ocean activities.  
Supply imbalances in the container shipping industry can also contribute to a challenging market for global 
carriers. The global supply of capacity is determined, among other factors, by the number and size of 
container vessels in the world (including the charter market), their deployment into trades, the delivery of 
new vessels, lay-ups at any given time, and the scrapping of older vessels, as well as by the availability of 
containers. The gap between supply and demand widened during the pandemic with demand for 
containerised shipping significantly higher than the available capacity. Carriers throughout the container

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
 
shipping industry have responded to this imbalance by investing in new, larger vessels, which in the current 
economic climate will lead to overcapacity in the near future.  
Moreover, technological developments may affect trade patterns as automation of production may lead to 
nearshoring production, reducing the need for long-haul container transport. Additional factors that could 
affect trade patterns include geopolitical tension, climate change, and national protectionism. Any increases 
in capacity, weak or lower-than-anticipated demand for container shipping services or technological 
disruption could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. A prolonged period of subdued demand and overcapacity in the container shipping industry 
could be a significant challenge for the Company, and the Company may experience substantial difficulties 
in operating its vessels at full capacity and maintaining the freight rates required for profitable margins. 
Imbalances in the container shipping industry may also make it difficult for the Company to accurately 
project supply and demand for shipping services over the long term and align the Company's newbuild 
programmes accordingly. Because part of the orders of newbuilds are based on the Company's current 
expectations of future demand, there is an inherent risk that the Company will order either too much or too 
little vessel capacity and misallocate its capital expenditure. If the Company does not invest sufficiently in 
additional shipping capacities, it may be faced with the choice of either not being able to satisfy its 
customers' demand for its services (leading to lost revenues and market share and, potentially, strained 
customer relations or even a loss of customers) or charter in additional vessels via the charter market at 
potentially higher charter rates during phases of strong demand. If, on the other hand, the Company 
overinvests in additional container shipping capacity that it is not able to fully utilise during weaker market 
conditions, this would increase its costs relative to the development of its revenues. Any of these scenarios 
could also have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Company's businesses are highly sensitive to changes in global political, economic and financial 
conditions. 
As a global company, the Company's operations and performance depend significantly on global political, 
market and economic conditions. Market disruptions and significant economic downturns may develop 
quickly due to, among other things, crises affecting credit or liquidity markets, regional or global recessions, 
sharp fluctuations in commodity prices (including oil), currency exchange rates or interest rates, inflation or 
deflation, sovereign debt and bank debt rating downgrades, restructurings or defaults, or adverse geopolitical 
events. Any such disruption or downturn could affect the Company's activities for short or extended periods 
and have a negative effect on the Company's future results of operation and financial condition. 
Political developments may further exacerbate current uncertainties surrounding future global economic 
stability, and increase the likelihood of expanded tariff and non-tariff barriers to international trade and 
retaliatory countermeasures by regional or global trading partners. There is a risk that countries could, in the 
wake of the global financial and economic crisis or in response to real or perceived currency manipulations 
or trade imbalances, resort to protectionist measures or make changes to the regulatory regimes in which the 
Company operates in order to protect and preserve domestic industries. Such measures could include raising 
import tariffs, providing subsidies to domestic industries, restrictions on currency repatriation and the 
creation of other trade barriers. Any introduction of regional or international trade barriers, changes in 
taxation which inhibit similar effects, or withdrawal from or renegotiation of trade agreements could 
diminish international trade activity and thereby harm the integrated transport and logistics services that will 
form the core of the Company's operations under the new strategy. As the Company's business success 
hinges on, among other things, global trade volumes, the stated protectionist policies and regulatory regimes 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand for the Company's container shipping services is impacted by global economic and geopolitical 
trends, in particular the recent U.S./China decoupling. The U.S./China decoupling may affect the Company's 
global business model through a number of channels, such as regionalisation of trade, nation state supply 
chains, nation state data ownership and erosion of global institutions. Tensions between the U.S. and China 
have remained as the current U.S. administration has until this point maintained the trade tariffs put in place 
by the previous administration. If trade negotiations between the U.S. and China do not restart, or if any such 
restarted trade talks fail, global trade could be adversely affected, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, further aggravation of political conflicts, increased nationalist and protectionist behaviour of 
governments, terrorist activities, natural disasters or possible pandemics could have a negative impact on the 
Company's operations in various markets and its growth opportunities in certain newly developed and 
emerging markets. Escalation of geopolitical tensions and political uncertainty will have a strong and 
immediate impact on the future supply chain, causing disruptions in supply, demand and logistics 
infrastructure, especially if U.S.-China tensions escalate. The U.S. and China are both key markets for the 
Company, and any structural changes due to sanctions, isolation, protectionism could have a damaging 
effect on the Company's operations and growth ambitions. 
Investments in certain newly developed and emerging markets may expose the Company to heightened risks 
of economic, geopolitical, or other such events, such as restrictive currency exchange or import controls, 
disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or 
expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism.  
Any of the above developments could reduce demand for the Company's products and services and have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Increases in bunker fuel prices may significantly increase the Company's costs of operations. 
The cost of marine or bunker fuel is one of the Company's major operating costs. The price of bunker fuel is 
correlated with crude oil prices, which in turn have historically exhibited significant volatility over short 
periods of time. Furthermore, crude oil prices are influenced by a host of economic and geopolitical factors, 
such as global terrorism, political instability, tensions in the Middle East, the Russia/Ukraine war, 
insurrections in the Niger Delta, a long-term increase in global demand for oil and the economic 
development of emerging markets, China and India in particular. Further, as Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) concerns and the transition to greener fuels continue to make significant headways, 
investments in traditional fuel oil have begun to decrease. Lack of availability of adequate greener fuels 
coupled with lower investments in traditional fuel (including crude oil) may result in an increase in bunker 
fuel prices. Any increase in bunker fuel prices may have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The container logistics industry is becoming digitalised and the Company's future results may suffer if 
the Company does not keep pace with or exceed the digital offerings of competitors. 
Technological advancements and innovations in the container logistics industry have required the Company 
to make substantial investments in digitalisation and automation, as customers seek new and more efficient 
ways to interact with their shipping and logistics providers. The Company may not be successful in the 
introduction or marketing of new digital services or product innovations, or be able to develop and 
introduce, in a timely manner, innovations to its existing products that satisfy its customers' needs or achieve 
market acceptance. Growing the Company's business in historically non-core channels, including in digital 
commerce, will place increased demands on its operational, managerial, administrative and other resources, 
which may be inadequate to support the Company's expansion. The Company's future success will be 
determined, in part, on its ability to identify and capitalise on customer needs and competitive trends in 
digitalisation. If the Company does not secure a digital competitive advantage through the development of a

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
 
customer-centric, end-to-end digital offering, the Company may be unable to maintain or expand its 
customer base. The Company may also experience difficulty in establishing new digital products, receive 
more complaints from customers about them and face costly claims as a result of human or technical error, 
which would harm the Company's brand and reputation. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse 
effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The implementation of the strategic plan to become the global integrator of container logistics depends on 
core business processes and IT landscapes being adequately designed.  
The Company's growth strategy is dependent on its ability to transform and modernise its legacy IT 
landscape and technology. If there is serious delay or failure to do so, to properly execute its technology 
modernisation roadmap, and/or to standardise core business processes, there is a risk that the Company 
would be unable to create value and maintain stable revenue streams using its technology platforms. 
The Company's success depends to a large extent on IT systems, and the occurrence of a cyber-attack or 
other IT systems incident or break down could result in operational disruption, theft or data corruption 
and could cause reputational or financial harm to the Company. 
The Company's ability to timely and correctly obtain, process and transmit data related to its operations and 
products is critical to the effective management of its business. As the Company becomes increasingly 
digitised, more devices and control systems are connected online, resulting in a larger interface across the 
Company's IT infrastructure that could be compromised. A breakdown of or disruption to any of the 
Company's IT systems could materially impact its relationships with customers, its reputation and its 
operating costs and margins.  
The Company expects to continue to commit significant resources to the maintenance and further 
modification and enhancement of its IT systems. However, there is no guarantee that its IT systems in their 
present format or any improvements and new developments thereto will yield the desired results, and 
there can be no certainty that costs incurred in this respect will be realised in the form of improved 
operational efficiency. If the Company is not successful in achieving additional operational efficiencies 
through maintaining, improving and continuing to develop its IT systems, its operational efficiency and cost 
structure relative to its competitors could deteriorate. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Company's technologies, systems and networks, and those of third parties on which the Company relies, 
could be the target of future cyber-attacks or information security breaches. Any such event could result in 
the unauthorised release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other 
information, loss of access to business applications, inability to meet legal, regulatory or contractual 
requirements, loss of business information and/or intellectual property through destruction or theft or other 
disruption to the Company's business and operations, which in turn could lead to significant financial losses.  
In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, could remain undetected for an extended period of 
time. As both the complexity of technologies in, and cyber threats facing, the Company continue to evolve, 
there can be no guarantee that any enhancement of the Company's IT systems will prevent cybersecurity 
attacks.  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Company may fail to successfully integrate any major acquisition. 
The success of the Company's integration strategy depends significantly on the trust and confidence of 
customers in the Company to fulfill their end-to-end supply chain needs. Acquiring new capabilities (via the 
acquisition of other entities) is important in serving customers' end-to-end supply chain needs and the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
 
Company has acquired companies and may in the future make further acquisitions in order to acquire new 
capabilities, especially in the Logistics & Services segment.  A failure to successfully integrate an 
acquisition may prevent the Company from realizing the value and synergies expected from such acquisition 
and may derail the Company's execution of any specified strategy, which may in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The industries in which the Company operates are highly competitive. 
The container shipping business is highly competitive and fragmented. Competition with other carriers is 
primarily on a service-by-service, rather than global, basis. The Company competes with other carriers on 
all of its services. In particular, the Company faces strong competition on its Asia-Europe services and trans-
Pacific services. Container shipping is highly commoditised and in most cases the Company does not 
have exclusive agreements with its customers. Thus, customers may, depending on overall supply available 
on the market, opt for the services of the Company's competitors on all or some trades without facing 
substantive constraints. Any of the Company's competitors may choose to provide services on the 
Company's established services and attempt to undercut its freight rates on those routes. There are few 
competitive barriers for existing container carriers wishing to enter or expand their presence in a regional 
market or on a particular route. The highly competitive environment and the tendency for overcapacity 
results in industry cost improvements being passed on to customers through lower freight rates. In certain 
geographical areas, some of the Company's competitors are larger and well-established companies, which 
may be regulated differently than the Company, may have greater resources and may offer alternative 
products or more competitive pricing. They may also be able to invest more in developing technology than 
the Company's financial or human resources permit. 
A number of the industries in which the Company operates have seen substantial consolidation over the last 
few years, which has led to stronger competitors and more intense competition. In particular, recent years 
have seen substantial consolidation among carriers, with an increasingly small group of companies 
competing intensely to provide shipping services. Due to shipping industry trends which focus on global 
alliances among carriers and favour larger vessels, port operators may expect to handle fewer but larger 
calls, which are likely to place additional demands on port infrastructure to maintain and improve port 
productivity and safety levels while handling larger ships. Additionally, consolidation taking place in the 
shipping industry means a smaller group of large liner customers. Concentrating volumes among fewer 
alliances and shipping lines is shifting bargaining power away from terminals in several locations and puts 
pressure on terminal rates. 
Such consolidations and the increasingly competitive environment could threaten revenues and margins, 
increase the relative size, bargaining power and market share of the Company's competitors, could result in 
groups of the Company's competitors cooperating in concert against it, and may prevent the Company from 
charging freight rates that are necessary for it to return its cost of capital. Any of these developments could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The logistics and services and terminal operations businesses are in their own rights highly competitive and 
fragmented businesses. In addition to the competitive nature of the businesses, these markets each have a 
high level of price sensitivity. The Company’s competitors may opt to reduce profit margins significantly in 
order to gain market share, threatening the revenues and margins of the Company in turn. In some cases, 
customers of the Company who ship goods in high volumes are simultaneously investing in the development 
of in-house capabilities in the areas of logistics and services and/or terminal operations, which could result 
in a loss of revenue, bargaining power and/or market share of the Company. There has been increased 
consolidation in the logistics and services businesses in recent years, as companies are trending towards 
becoming end-to-end supply chain services providers. If the Company’s competitors are able to offer more 
attractive pricing options or a wider range of services, it could limit the ability of the Company to continue 
to grow in these business areas. Any of these developments could in turn have a material adverse effect on

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Certain parts of the Company's business, and in particular a material portion of the Company's APM 
Terminals business, are conducted through joint ventures, over which it does not maintain full control. 
Certain parts of the Company's business are conducted through joint ventures. In particular, a material 
portion of the Company's APM Terminals business is conducted through joint ventures, including its APM 
Terminals hub terminals in the major transshipment ports of Salalah, Oman, Tanjung Pelepas, Malaysia and 
Bremerhaven, Germany. In these terminals and in others located in Africa, China, Latin America and 
elsewhere, the Company shares ownership with partners who may not always share its goals and objectives.  
As a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, the Company decided to wind down operations in 
Russia, which will ultimately result in a complete exit from the country. All services to and from Russia 
were discontinued since Q1 2022, and in Q3 2022, the sale of the Issuer’s minority stake of 30.75% in 
Global Ports Investments PLC was completed. The process of divesting the remaining assets is ongoing. 
Differences in views among the partners may result in delayed decisions or failures to agree on important 
matters such as major capital expenditures or contractual commitments, new construction or the replacement 
of existing assets, among other matters. Delayed decisions and disagreements could adversely affect the 
business and operations of the joint ventures and, in turn, the Company's business and operations. In 
addition, the Company's joint venture partners may not share its standards of ethical and social conduct and 
may not adhere to its anti-corruption rules and policies. The Company's policies apply directly to all its 
majority-owned joint ventures. As for the Company's non-controlled joint ventures, its rules are not directly 
applicable and the Company is in the process of verifying that all joint ventures have at least similar 
standards for important compliance areas including anti-corruption and may identify instances of non-
compliance with applicable law. Non-compliance with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, data privacy or other 
applicable laws by the Company's joint ventures or joint venture partners could expose it to significant risks. 
See "Failure to meet its ethical and social standards, including non-compliance with anti-bribery, anti-
corruption, data privacy and other applicable laws, could damage the Company's reputation and its 
business." In addition, the Company's joint ventures are from time to time, and in the future may be, 
involved in investigations, disputes or legal proceedings which may negatively affect its investments. Any 
such occurrences could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
A structural shift in customers' supply chain set-up may lead to decreased demand for the Company's 
services 
Several customers are becoming more aware of the vulnerabilities within their supply-chains, especially 
after the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, which exposed their dependency on China. Furthermore, 
logistics services have become more expensive. This may lead to customers exploring supply chain solutions 
that are less complex, less expensive, and less dependent on China, which may contribute towards a shift to 
a local/regional supply chain model. ESG considerations may also contribute towards a structural shift in 
customers' supply chain set-up, with the circular economy being one of the key trends, which may have 
significant implications for trade volumes. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The shutdown of strategic terminals (hubs) could adversely affect the Company's operational capacity 
and lead to significant network disruption 
Hub terminals that handle trans-shipments are an important part of the Company's supply chain management 
network. Such network could be disrupted for a prolonged period if a strategic hub completely shuts down 
due to (among other things) union activism, national emergency or political situation, and there are no 
options to reroute cargo. This may result in the Company facing significant challenges in maintaining

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
 
customer service levels and operational efficiency, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Delays in deliveries of newbuild or acquired vessels could harm the Company's operating results. 
The delivery of newbuild vessels to the Company could be delayed, not completed or cancelled, which 
would delay or eliminate its expected receipt of revenues. The shipbuilder or third-party seller could fail to 
deliver the newbuilding vessel or any other vessels it acquires or orders, or it could cancel a purchase or a 
newbuilding contract because the shipbuilder or seller has not met its obligations or due to the Company's 
inability to finance the purchase of the vessel. If delivery of any newbuild vessels currently contracted to be 
acquired, or any vessel it contracts to acquire in the future, is materially delayed, it could materially 
adversely affect the Company's results of operations and financial condition. 
The Company's receipt of newbuilds could be delayed, cancelled or otherwise not completed because of, 
among other things, quality or engineering problems or failure to deliver the vessel in accordance with the 
specifications, changes in governmental regulations or maritime self-regulatory organisation standards, 
delays to delivery of equipment by third-party suppliers, work stoppages or other labour disturbances at the 
shipyard, bankruptcy or other financial or liquidity problems of the shipbuilder, a backlog of orders at the 
shipyard, political or economic disturbances in the country or region where the vessel is being built, weather 
interference or catastrophic events, shortages of or delays in the receipt of necessary construction materials, 
such as steel, and the Company's inability to finance the purchase of the vessel. In addition, the ordering of 
newly built vessels is associated with the risk of default of the shipyard in question and of the shipyard's 
inability to perform the contracted works and services, in particular due to insolvency. 
The Company may also incur financial losses when acquiring used or new vessels when its contract parties 
are not in a position to deliver the vessels at all or are only able to deliver them after a period of delay. 
Furthermore, vessels delivered to the Company may not be fit for service or may be fit for service only to a 
limited degree due to defects or after significant, costly repair work. The realisation of any such risk could 
have an adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company relies on third-party contractors to provide various services. 
The Company engages third-party contractors to provide various services throughout its operations. For 
example, in its container shipping business, the Company charters vessels from ship owners, whereby the 
relevant ship owner is obligated to provide the vessel's crew, insurance and maintenance along with the 
vessel. The Company also relies on third-party contractors to provide a large number of service functions in 
relation to its ongoing operations. For example, APM Terminals relies on third-party contractors to construct 
its terminal facilities. 
There can be no assurance that the services rendered by such third-party contractors will be satisfactory and 
match the required quality levels or be delivered on time. Furthermore, there is a risk that major contractors 
may experience financial or other difficulties that might affect their ability to carry out their contractual 
obligations, thus delaying or preventing the completion of projects or the rendering of services. Such 
problems with third-party contractors could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
There are risks in connection with the Company's cooperation agreements. 
The Company enters into cooperation agreements with other major container carriers, which enable it to 
provide its customers with services that would not be possible solely with its own container vessel fleet, as 
the Company's customers may take advantage of more frequent services and an expanded range of ports of 
call. Cooperation agreements also improve vessel utilisation, resulting in lower costs and prices to 
customers. The terms and conditions of these cooperation agreements may change adversely, or these 
cooperation agreements may be terminated altogether. If any of this were to happen, the Company would

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
 
lose the advantages conferred by such cooperation agreements and there could be an adverse impact on the 
flexibility, scope and depth of its service offering and its ability to optimise freight schedules and capacities. 
Should such a scenario materialise, the Company could seek to enter into other cooperation agreements, but 
it may not be successful in doing so on similar terms or at all. Such a scenario could thus have a material 
adverse effect on the Company's business. 
The Company's cooperation agreements and arrangements are subject to antitrust regulations in various 
jurisdictions. Compliance with these regulations or antitrust challenges may delay proposed cooperation 
agreements or prevent the Company from closing such agreements in the manner proposed, if at all, which 
could adversely affect the Company's business. 
The Company may not be fully protected from certain liabilities under its insurance coverage or 
indemnities covering liabilities and its premiums may increase in the event of operational incidents or 
events beyond the Company's control. 
Many of the Company's business operations involve substantial risk of loss, including as a result of 
operational incidents, natural disasters and other events, which can result in damage to or destruction of 
facilities and equipment, injury to persons, loss of life, or damage to property and the environment. The 
operation of large ocean-going vessels and the use of the heavy equipment necessary to load and prepare 
those vessels for transit involve inherent risks, including those of catastrophic loss, personal injury and loss 
of life, maritime disaster, mechanical failure, fire, collision, stranding and loss of, or damage to, cargo as 
well as damage to or loss of vessels. In addition to losses caused by human errors and accidents, the 
Company may also be subject to losses resulting from war, terrorist activities, piracy, political instability, 
business interruption, strikes and weather events. Any of these events could result in the Company 
experiencing direct losses and liabilities, loss of income, increased costs and reputational damage or 
litigation against or by third parties.  
In light of the Company's size, international presence and complex portfolio of assets, there is a risk that not 
all of the Company's assets have been adequately identified and valued, or adequately insured (or reinsured). 
In addition, as the Company implements its new strategic direction, it is possible that the Company will be 
exposed to new and unanticipated risks, for which it may be underinsured or for which it may not have 
insurance coverage. There can be no certainty that the insurance policies the Company carries will be 
sufficient to cover the cost of damages incurred – which may include damage to the Company's reputation or 
substantial and continuing losses in operational capacity – or that it will be able to renew such insurance on 
commercially reasonable terms. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Container ship capacities have increased in recent years, leading to overload, congestion and structural 
challenges in certain ports. 
In recent years, container ship capacities, including those of the Company, have increased globally at a faster 
rate than the rate at which some container ports have increased their capacities. Consolidation in the 
container shipping industry has compounded with this increasing prevalence of larger container vessels, 
leading to fewer liner services, fewer, but larger, calls at terminals, more containers to exchange and longer 
load and unload times. Such strains on terminal facilities also necessitate ongoing upgrades to terminal 
infrastructure, equipment, manning and planning capabilities, and corresponding increases in capital 
expenditures and operational costs despite lower utilisation. As a result of these structural pressures, further 
increases in container ship capacities could lead to further port congestion, which could have a material 
adverse effect on container shipping traffic and therefore on the Company's affected services.  
Decisions on port expansions are often made by national or local governments on the basis of local policies

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
 
and concerns and are outside the Company's control, determination or influence. In addition, as industry 
capacity and demand for container shipping continue to grow, the Company could encounter difficulties in 
securing sufficient terminal slots to expand its operations according to the Company's growth strategy, due 
to the limited availability of port facilities.  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Company is exposed to risks associated with implementing its strategic direction and the 
transformation of the Company into an integrated transport and logistics company 
 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) is pursuing a strategy to become a global integrated 
container shipping, ports and logistics company, providing customers with end-to-end supply chain 
solutions. 
 
Implementing the Company's strategic direction has been a complex and time-consuming process, and the 
Company may fail to realise the anticipated benefits of the various initiatives undertaken to effectuate its 
strategy. Furthermore, designing and executing the Company's strategic direction requires substantial time 
and attention from the Board of Directors, management and staff, and the Company has made certain 
changes to its management in connection with planning and effectuating these initiatives efficiently and 
successfully. These changes and Company management's efforts in implementing the Company's strategy 
could distract from, and have an adverse effect on, the conduct of its normal business and operations.  
 
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to grow its end-to-end transportation and logistics 
offerings as envisaged, in particular in historically non-core channels such as digital commerce, or that the 
Company will be able to anticipate and respond to external market developments or internal challenges, any 
of which may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
 
Further, the Company has completed the separation of its energy businesses. This has exposed it to, among 
other things, certain liabilities, including the risk of counterparties exercising contractual or contingent rights 
adverse to the Company, the imposition of continuing financial obligations or other liabilities on the 
Company for a period of time following such divestments, and the risk of unexpected claims such as 
warranty or indemnification claims, and as such the Company could be required to recognise expenses or 
incur financial payments which otherwise would not have occurred. Any of the foregoing may have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Liquidity risk 
The Company's objective is to maintain a liquidity profile in line with an investment grade credit rating (see 
"Risk Factors – The Company's credit ratings may be downgraded"). Capital is managed for the Company 
as a whole. The equity ratio was 67.6% as of end-September 2022 (end 2021: 63%, end 2020: 55%). 
Based on its liquidity reserve, the maturity profile of outstanding borrowings and the current investment 
profile, the Company's financial resources are deemed satisfactory.  
The average term to maturity of borrowings in the Company was about six years as at 31 December 2021. 
B. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment and the market 
Rising cost in an inflationary environment.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
 
It is a cornerstone in the Company's strategy to serve customers' end-to-end supply chains through integrated 
product offerings, and thereby further diversify the overall business and earnings. There is a risk that the 
Company may fail to translate its integrator strategy into a profitable and scalable long-term business due to 
inflationary cost pressure, insufficient control over cost (resulting in, for example, M&A integration costs 
and unbudgeted operating costs) and/or lack of product standardisation. Any of the risks described above 
materialising could have a material adverse impact on the Company's business and results of operations. 
The Company's international activities increase the compliance risks associated with economic and trade 
sanctions imposed by the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions. 
In respect of corruption the Company operates in high-risk geographies and high-risk sectors (e.g. the 
terminals and freight forwarding sectors). As the Company is the second-largest container carrier in the 
world and in an industry with many industry cooperation agreements, it is scrutinised by competition 
authorities globally. There is an increasing number of jurisdictions with competition laws in place as well as 
a growing confidence by emerging countries to enforce their competition laws against foreign companies. If 
the Company fails to comply with applicable sanctions through its foreign trade controls compliance 
programmes, its international operations could expose it to trade and economic sanctions or other restrictions 
imposed by the U.S. or other governments or organisations, including the United Nations, the European 
Union and their respective member countries. In particular, the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control has 
issued regulations that prevent the Company from doing business, or from allowing its clients to do business 
through it, in, or involving, certain countries or with certain organisations or individuals named on a list 
maintained by the U.S. government. Under economic and trading sanctions laws, governments may seek to 
restrict business practices and modify compliance programmes, which may consequently restrict the 
Company's business, increase compliance costs, and, in the event of any violations, subject it to fines, 
penalties and other sanctions. 
Expansion of sanctions programmes, embargoes and other restrictions in the future (including additional 
designations of countries subject to sanctions), or modifications to how existing sanctions are interpreted or 
enforced, could place restrictions on the Company's operations in countries in which it currently conducts 
business or on planned and potential operations in countries in which it may conduct business in the future. 
Any of the risks described above materialising could have a material adverse impact on the Company's 
business and results of operations. 
The Company's credit ratings may be downgraded. 
Although it is the Company's objective to maintain an investment grade credit rating, there can be no 
assurance that it will be able to do so. A potential future downgrade of the credit rating of the Issuer could 
increase its borrowing costs and limit its issuance capacity in the capital markets and adversely impact the 
market value of its securities, including the Notes. The impact of a reduced credit rating on the Issuer's 
funding cost is subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties and is therefore impossible to quantify 
precisely. 
The Company's credit rating is based on the current methodologies of Standard & Poor's and Moody's, 
which are linked to the major markets and industries in which the Company operates. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Company, and their ratings of its long-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including the Company's financial strength, as well as factors outside of the Company's control, including 
conditions affecting the container shipping industry generally. In light of the historical volatility of the 
container shipping industry, there can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its current ratings. 
Any downgrade of the Company's credit ratings could adversely affect the Company's liquidity and 
competitive position, undermine confidence in the Company, increase its borrowing costs and limit its 
access to the capital markets, and could also lead to a loss of customers and counterparties. Any of the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Company is exposed to potentially adverse changes in the tax regimes of each jurisdiction in which it 
operates. 
The Company has business operations in many countries around the world, and any of these countries could 
modify its tax laws in ways that could adversely affect the Company. Most of the Company's operations are 
subject to changes in tax regimes in a similar manner to other companies in the industries in which it 
operates. Significant changes in the tax regimes of countries in which it operates could have a material 
adverse effect on its liquidity and results of operations.  
C. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
The Company may experience difficulties in hiring and retaining senior management and skilled 
personnel, and its business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
The attraction and retention of senior management and skilled personnel is a critical factor in the successful 
implementation of the Company's strategy as a global enterprise. The Company may not always be 
successful in hiring or retaining suitable senior management and skilled personnel. Failure to recruit or retain 
senior management and skilled personnel or to more generally maintain good employee relations could 
compromise the achievement of its strategy. Such failure could cause disruption to the Company's 
management structure and relationships, an increase in costs associated with staff replacement, lost business 
relationships or reputational damage.  
In particular, the Company's success in achieving its transformation objectives will depend upon its ability to 
develop functional expertise and organisational capabilities that it may not have required previously. The 
Company must develop management talent, foster a "One Maersk" culture and promote critical employee 
behaviours in the Company's strategic areas of focus, including its Logistics & Services segment and in the 
Company's digital capabilities, where the depth of skilled or experienced employees may be limited and 
competition for these resources is intense. An inability to attract or retain suitable employees could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Climate change can have a physical impact on the Company's operations and exposes it to transitional 
risks. 
The Company is exposed to risks associated with climate change. These risks comprise both physical and 
transitional risks. Physical risks derive from the physical effects of climate change such as rise in 
temperature, sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels or more frequent 
occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological phenomena, such as cyclones 
or hurricanes. Such physical effects of climate change can influence the Company's ability to operate assets 
and can negatively impact the Company's supply chains and the infrastructures the Company depends on. 
They can also add insurance costs to the Company's management of its operations.   
The Company may also be exposed to certain transition risks. The transition to a low-carbon economy and 
its associated public policy and regulatory developments may lead to the imposition of new regulations and 
climate change related policies which are adverse to the Company's interests by potentially impacting the 
Company's reputation and financial performance, increased costs for energy and for other resources and 
associated costs, the imposition of levies related to greenhouse gas emissions, increased costs for monitoring 
and reporting related to the Company's carbon footprint, less demand for long haul transportation as a result 
of the pollution emitted, loss of reputation from not adapting to change, declining asset values, potential 
liabilities, changed consumer behaviours, reputational risks, and changes in physical supply chains. The

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
 
current strong sentiments around climate change may also lead to radical actions among consumers, 
customers and politicians which could impact the overall industry. 
Moreover, the Company has committed to reduce its net CO2 emissions to zero by 2040 to reach the goals of 
the Paris Agreement under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. Not complying with this 
decrease of CO2 emissions may have a material impact on the Company's reputation as a leader in climate 
change in the shipping and logistics industry.  On the other hand, complying with such goals also comes 
with a risk of being a "first mover" with customers who are not willing to pay a higher cost for green fuel. 
 
Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the Company's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Failure to meet its ethical and social standards, including non-compliance with anti-bribery, anti-
corruption, data privacy and other applicable laws, could damage the Company's reputation and its 
business. 
The Company's anti-corruption rules, which apply to all employees, hired personnel, consultants, 
intermediaries and others who act on its behalf, defines its commitment to high ethical standards and 
compliance with applicable legal requirements wherever it operates. See "Risk Factors – A material portion 
of the Company's APM Terminals business is conducted through joint ventures, over which it does not 
maintain full control." Incidents of ethical misconduct or non-compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including non-compliance with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, data privacy and other applicable 
laws, could expose the Company to heightened levels of prosecution and damage its reputation, 
competitiveness and shareholder value. Non-compliance with such laws may lead to public scrutiny and 
investigations from relevant authorities. Any such non-compliance could result in substantial fines, 
sanctions, forfeited profits, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or curtailment of operations in certain 
jurisdictions, and such violations or allegations of such violations might adversely affect the Company's 
business, results of operations or financial condition.  In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage 
the Company's reputation and ability to do business, resulting in a loss of existing or potential customers. 
The outbreak of a rapidly spreading pandemic (such as COVID-19) could have a material adverse effect 
on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material effect on the global economy, reducing the level of economic 
activity in many regions of the world. This has affected the Company's operations and customer service 
levels. Pandemics of such scale, coupled with the strict state responses to prevent their spread, could have, 
among other things, the following effects on the Company's business: 
 
 
Lockdowns in different regions leading to the shut-down of factories and offices may slow the 
supply of goods as well as lower demand as a result of low consumer confidence and high 
uncertainty regarding an end to lockdown restrictions. Such lower supply and demand could 
potentially lead to lower trade volume and a decrease in freight rates (see "Supply and demand 
imbalances in the container shipping industry could depress freight rates and lead to a 
prolonged period of challenging market conditions for global shipping carriers." below). 
 
 
An inability to service customers as per the agreed service levels, mainly due to unavailability of 
adequate staff to perform critical business operations, for Ocean, Logistics & Services and 
Terminals & Towage. This could further give rise to performance claims from customers.  
 
 
Sub-optimal utilisation of assets (terminal assets, vessels) due to reduced volumes, thus 
incurring fixed running cost without adequate returns.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
General unwillingness of employees to travel until a stable vaccine is available for mass 
consumption. 
The Company faces risks inherent in the operation of oceangoing vessels, including a wide range of risks 
relating to human health and safety, security and the environment, each of which could affect its business 
and reputation. 
The operation of oceangoing vessels exposes the Company to a wide spectrum of inherent human health and 
safety, security and environment (HSSE) risks, given the geographic range, operational diversity and 
technical complexity of its operations. These risks include the possibility of: 
 
marine and natural disasters; 
 
environmental accidents; 
 
grounding, fire, explosions and collisions; 
 
cargo and property losses or damage; 
 
lapses in health and safety practices or regulation; 
 
major process safety incidents; 
 
pandemics; 
 
crime; 
 
business interruptions caused by mechanical failure, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, 
political action in various countries, or adverse weather conditions;  
 
disruption to, or loss of, hub terminals which are critical to maintaining an efficient shipping 
network; and 
 
work stoppages or other labour problems with staff serving on vessels and at ports. 
Any of the above occurrences could result in death or injury to the Company's employees, loss of the 
Company's property, environmental damage, delays in the Company's delivery of cargo, loss of the 
Company's revenues from or termination of charter contracts, governmental fines, penalties or restrictions 
on conducting business, higher insurance rates, and/or damage to the Company's reputation and customer 
relationships generally. Requirements governing HSSE matters often change and are likely to become more 
stringent over time. In certain circumstances, liability could be imposed without regard to the Company's 
fault in the matter. The Company could incur significant additional costs in the future complying with such 
requirements or as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, HSSE laws and regulations, such as fines, 
penalties, clean-up costs and third-party claims. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
A substantial portion of the Company's workforce is unionised and it is subject to the risk of labour 
disputes and work stoppages, which may disrupt the Company's business and increase its costs. 
Several of the Company's current business operations have workforces that are unionised or that in the future 
may become unionised and, as a result, it is required to negotiate wages, benefits and other terms of 
employment with many of its employees on a collective basis. Negotiating labour contracts is time 
consuming and may not be accomplished on a timely basis. If the Company is unable to satisfactorily

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
 
negotiate labour contracts as existing agreements expire, it could experience significant disruptions to its 
operations, higher ongoing labour costs and restrictions on its ability to maximise the efficiency of its 
operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Employees may also stage strikes or work stoppages at any of the Company's facilities 
in the future despite the Company's existing labour agreements, and any such strike or work stoppage could 
have a material adverse effect on its business. 
2. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
A. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At such time, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes under the Programme which may bear interest at a rate that 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the 
right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes, 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of 
borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes – Regulatory Reforms to Benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks such as the EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR 
and CIBOR (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), which are used to determine the 
amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (Benchmarks) have, 
in recent years, been the subject of national and international political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they 
are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, in 
particular pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation which applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU, and Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation)

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
 
which applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the UK.  
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
Regulatory developments in relation to a Benchmark may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than 
it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such regulatory reform could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark, such 
that market participants are discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to a Benchmark. These 
reforms and changes may also cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, to be 
discontinued or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Accordingly, in respect of a Note referencing a relevant Benchmark, such reforms and changes in applicable 
regulation could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on such a Note (including 
potential rates of interest thereon). 
Floating Rate Notes – IBOR replacement 
There is continued regulatory scrutiny of use of inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) and increasing pressure 
and momentum for banks and other financial institutions to transition relevant products to replacement rates. 
For example, in the case of floating rate Eurobonds, bonds which would traditionally have referenced 
EURIBOR may move towards referencing the new €STR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
(although a reformed EURIBOR rate will continue to be published). 
€STR and other replacement risk-free rates, such as SONIA and SOFR (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions), operate on a backward-looking basis (predominantly on the basis of a daily compounding 
calculation), rather than forward-looking term rates. While forward-looking term rates based on certain of 
these risk-free rates have been or are being developed, it is uncertain whether the capital markets will move 
to referencing those term rates for public bond issues, or if the regulators will allow such adoption. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Specifically, the euro risk free-rate 
working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations 
for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The recommended fallback triggers include both 
cessation and pre-cessation triggers, including, inter alia, permanent cessation, non-representativeness and 
(potentially) unlawfulness triggers (the working group recommended against a material change in the 
EURIBOR methodology as defined by the European Money Markets Institute being an automatic trigger). 
For debt securities, based on support for the proposals from the public consultation and issuances already 
observed in the capital markets, the working group recommended the replacement rate to be €STR with a 
backward-looking lookback period methodology (with an observation shift methodology, although use of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
 
the lag approach was considered a robust alternative) and applying an adjustment spread based on a five-
year historical median methodology. 
The potential transition from IBORs to risk-free or other rates or benchmarks, the cessation of a benchmark 
or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark could require an adjustment to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such 
benchmark. Such factors may have (without limitation) also the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the conditions provide that the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate (as 
defined in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(G) or, as the case may be, Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(E)) is discontinued, neither 
the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) 
the VP Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer or an agent on its behalf (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) shall request 
quotations from Reference Banks and inform the Agent of such offered quotations from the Reference 
Banks. The Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) based on such offered quotations. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of the relevant Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference 
Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the relevant Original Reference Rate, the 
availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the relevant Original 
Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(G)) or a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined 
in Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(E)) (each of which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation 
of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(G) or, as the case may be, Condition 
3.2(b)(viii)(E)). After consulting with an Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine either 
(i) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (each as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(G)) or 
(ii) a Benchmark Replacement (as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(E)), as the case may be, to be used in 
place of the relevant Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the relevant Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate or a Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be, is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(G)) shall be determined by the 
Issuer and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
or of any Benchmark Replacement will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may also not be able to determine a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period (as defined in Condition 
3.2(a)) will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event or the Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date, as the case may be, or, where the Benchmark Event or, as the case may be, the 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occur(s) before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, in respect of any given Interest 
Period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, to apply to the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest 
Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event or, as the case may be, the Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date will result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
or Benchmark Replacement could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or fails to determine a Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event or, as the case may be, the Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Notes shall be determined by reference to 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is 
an IBOR Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen 
rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is 
permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes – The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight 
rates) as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest will be 
determined on the basis of the relevant reference rates (as further described in the Terms and Conditions). 
All such rates are based on 'overnight rates'. Overnight rates differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number 
of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight 
rates, whereas inter-bank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a 
risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight rates may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme compared to 
inter-bank offered rates. The use of risk-free rates - including those such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR - as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation 
and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of Eurobonds 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to interbank offered rates. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working 
groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for such rates 
(including so-called 'shift', 'lag', and 'lock-out' methodologies) and forward-looking 'term' reference rates 
derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight rates 
may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from inter-bank offered 
rates or another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates 
issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development 
of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, 
market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be 
widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be 
lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Floating Rate Notes – Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas inter-bank offered rates 
are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to inter-bank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a 
secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently 
over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to inter-bank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be more difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical 
levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates 
such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to inter-bank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a 
result of an Event of Default under Condition 8, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices or other reference rates may make 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index or other reference 
rates, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index or other reference rates 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the ECB (or their successors) as 
administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) 
or €STR, respectively, or the administrator of any other reference rate, may make methodological or other

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
 
changes that could change the value of these rates, including changes related to the method by which such 
rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rate, or timing 
related to the publication of such rate. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of any such rate (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest 
rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such rate. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do market values for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are specified to be "Green Bonds" in the applicable 
Final Terms (Green Bonds). It will be the Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of Green 
Bonds specifically for the financing and/or refinancing of new and/or existing green eligible assets (Green 
Eligible Assets), as described in the Issuer's Green Financing Framework (the Green Financing 
Framework) accessible through the Issuer's website at https://www.maersk.com and as updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. The Green Financing Framework adheres to the International 
Capital Markets Association Green Bond Principles, a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend 
transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the market by clarifying the approach for issuing a 
green bond (the Green Bond Principles). The Green Financing Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in this Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and the Green Financing Framework 
regarding such use of proceeds and consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment 
in any Green Bonds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
connection with the issuance of Green Bonds, an independent provider of environmental, social and 
governance research, ratings and analysis may evaluate the Green Financing Framework and may issue an 
independent opinion (the Second Party Opinion) confirming that the Green Financing Framework is 
aligned with the Green Bond Principles. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Company, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person that the use of such proceeds for any Green Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Assets. Neither the Arranger nor any 
Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Notes. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or equivalently-labelled project or loan 
that may finance such project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or loan to 
be defined as "green" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that, if such a definition, market consensus or label is 
developed in the future, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. A 
basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on 18 June 2020 (the Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy). The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of 
the implementation by the European Commission through the formal adoption of delegated regulations of 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 
April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable investment by making it clear which economic activities 
most contribute to the EU's environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out 
criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and 
delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, 
transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in 
line with mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed 
and disclosed it is not known whether any Green Eligible Assets will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, any other member of the Company, the Arranger, 
any Dealer or any other person to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Eligible Assets. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, any other member of the Company, the 
Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors that any Notes will comply with any future standards 
or requirements regarding any "green" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, 
accordingly, the status of any Notes as being "green", "social" or "sustainable" (or equivalent) could be 
withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Company, the Arranger, any 
Dealer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, any other member of the Company, the Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date that opinion, report or 
certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, any other member of the 
Company, the Arranger, any Dealer or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Company, the 
Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Eligible 
Assets in, or substantially in, the manner summarised in this Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Assets will be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Eligible Assets. Nor can there 
be any assurance that such Green Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
While any such proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold the proceeds in cash and/or invest in other 
short-term liquid instruments. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Eligible Assets as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Eligible Assets and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. 
B. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite the significant reduction over the years by the 
PRC government of control over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as 
well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current 
account items. Currently, participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other jurisdictions (the 
Applicable Jurisdictions) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade 
transaction in Renminbi. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for 
purposes such as capital contributions, known as capital account items, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
 
the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed 
gradually and will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Although the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund on 1 October 2016 and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China (the 
PBOC) in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to gradually liberalise the 
control over cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future 
which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or 
restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital 
account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions 
set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may 
affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi 
to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
The PBOC has entered into agreements (the Settlement Agreements) on the clearing of Renminbi business 
with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, an RMB Clearing Bank), 
including but not limited to Hong Kong, and are in the process of establishing RMB clearing and settlement 
mechanisms in the Applicable Jurisdictions, the current size of RMB denominated financial assets outside 
the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
RMB Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and is not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions as a result of other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open 
positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on 
foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement 
Agreements with the RMB Clearing Banks will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have 
the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi. To the extent the Issuer is required to 
source Renminbi in the offshore market to service the Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able 
to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances 
as described in the Notes, the Issuer can make payments under the Notes in U.S. dollars.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi will only be made to investors in the manner 
specified for such Notes in the conditions of the Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. Except in the limited circumstances 
stipulated in Condition 4.8, all Renminbi payments to investors in respect of Notes denominated in 
Renminbi will be made solely (i) for so long as such Notes are represented by a temporary global Note or a 
permanent global Note, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) for so long as such 
Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as described in the conditions of the Notes, the 
Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank 
notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Renminbi currency risk 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and 
is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. All payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi 
except in certain circumstances as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the value 
of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other 
foreign currencies, the value of an investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will 
decline. 
There can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments under the Notes by 
the Issuer or generally will remain or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated which have the 
effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC. If a Renminbi Currency Event occurs and it 
becomes impossible to make payment on any Notes in Renminbi as a result of Renminbi Illiquidity, 
Renminbi Non-Transferability or Renminbi Inconvertibility (each as defined in the conditions of the Notes), 
the Issuer may make any payment of Renminbi under the Notes in U.S. dollars using an exchange rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under RMB Notes may be susceptible to interest rate fluctuations 
occurring within and outside the PRC. The PRC government has gradually liberalised its regulation of 
interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the 
interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for 
Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and 
prevailing market conditions. Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate.  Consequently, the trading 
price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates. If a holder of Renminbi Notes tries 
to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less than the amount 
invested. 
C. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without 
the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in 
the circumstances described in Condition 13. 
Change of law 
Except for the provisions relating to registration of VP Notes in VPS and/or VP, the conditions of the Notes 
are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. The registration of VP Notes in VPS shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law and the registration of VP Notes in VP 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice, Norwegian law 
and administrative practice or Danish law and administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and 
any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Noteholders' credit risk 
The Noteholders' claims for repayment of principal and regular interest payments will be direct, unsecured 
and unsubordinated claims on the Issuer. The principal of any Notes is not guaranteed by any third party. In 
the event that the Issuer is declared bankrupt or becomes insolvent, investors therefore risk losing all or part 
of the principal as well as any due and unpaid future interest payments.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
 
No negative pledge and no restrictions on the incurrence of debt 
Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision or a restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer 
and/or any other member of the Company may incur. Any such debt may be secured and thus rank in 
priority to any Notes. In addition, the claims of creditors of other members of the Company which are 
subsidiaries of the Issuer will rank ahead of the claims of the holders of any Notes in relation to the assets of 
such subsidiaries. 
D. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors or where a significant 
proportion of such Notes are held by a limited number of initial investor(s). These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes on the date of issue, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third-country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the Issuer's ratings, the ratings of the Programme and the credit rating agencies which have assigned such 
ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus. 
E. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall 
(with respect to the documents referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) below, only those sections identified 
in the cross-reference list below) be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the pages of the A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Annual Report for 2020 (the 2020 Annual Report) 
available at https://investor.maersk.com/static-files/97a03c29-46a2-4e84-9b7e-12d4ee451361; 
(b) 
the pages of the A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Annual Report for 2021 (the 2021 Annual Report) 
available at https://investor.maersk.com/static-files/b4df47ef-3977-412b-8e3c-bc2f02bb4a5f; 
(c) 
the pages of the A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Q3 2022 Interim Report for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022 (the Q3 2022 Interim Report) available at https://investor.maersk.com/static-
files/1dced02f-6cb7-476c-bc40-2071cfd0e92f; 
(d) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 33-64 inclusive) set out in the Prospectus relating to 
the 
Programme 
dated 
20 
March 
2013 
available 
at 
http://investor.maersk.com/disclaimer?filename=d928a6fc-14cd-4862-a5f5-c0fce88f945b;  
(e) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 36-70 inclusive) set out in the Prospectus relating to 
the 
Programme 
dated 
9 
March 
2016 
available 
at 
http://investor.maersk.com/disclaimer?filename=f7ceb2da-8085-4ce7-849f-d6480a7021c1; 
(f) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 42-76 inclusive) set out in the Prospectus relating to 
the 
Programme 
dated 
26 
February 
2018 
available 
at 
http://investor.maersk.com/disclaimer?filename=79c1bc2d-2b82-4277-a8a8-a69eed0e3ab3; and 
(g) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 58-99 inclusive) set out in the Prospectus relating to 
the Programme dated 5 November 2021 available at https://investor.maersk.com/static-
files/b3c06d44-4bbe-4905-800a-b97d470bc4fb.  
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor arising or a material mistake or material 
inaccuracy being noted relating to information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
 
Cross-reference list  
The tables below set out the page number references for certain sections of the 2020 Annual Report, the 
2021 Annual Report and the Q3 2022 Interim Report. The sections denoted by these page number references 
are incorporated by reference herein: 
 
Documents 
Page Number 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Annual Report 2020 
 
Directors' report 
3-12 and 16-62 
Five year summary 
14-15 
Performance in 2020 
36-48 
Corporate governance 
50-53 
Consolidated income statement 
65 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
65 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2020 
66 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
67 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
68 
Notes to consolidated financial statements 
69-111 
Statement of the Board of Directors and the Management Board 
136 
Independent auditors' report 
137-139 
Company overview 
144-146 
 
 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Annual Report 2021 
 
Management review 
4-9 and 11-76 
Five year summary 
10 
Performance in 2021 
38-61 
Corporate governance 
62-76 
Consolidated income statement 
79 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
79 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2021 
80 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
81 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
82 
Notes to consolidated financial statements 
83-120 
Statement of the Board of Directors and the Management Board 
143 
Independent auditors' report 
144-147 
Company overview 
121-122 
 
 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S Q3 2022 Interim Report 
 
Management review 
3, 5-6 and 10-19 
Summary financial information 
4 
Financial review 
7-9 
Statement of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board 
20 
Condensed income statement 
21 
Condensed statement of comprehensive income 
21 
Condensed balance sheet at 30 September  
22 
Condensed cash flow statement 
23 
Condensed statement of changes in equity 
24 
Notes 
25-30 
Quarterly summary 
31

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise contained elsewhere in this Prospectus. Neither the content of the Issuer's website nor any 
other website nor the content of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Issuer's website nor any other 
website is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be 
made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in the form required by it and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Agent in the form required by it. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole, but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described 
therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means 
that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8) has occurred, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available or (iii) the Issuer will, by reason of any change in the laws of the Tax Jurisdiction, be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if 
the Notes were in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes in bearer form which have an original maturity of more than 
one year and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on such Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall, unless otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and subject to complying with all relevant laws, be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the 
same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which will not be 
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to 
the VP Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of VPS or VP, as the case may be. Issues of 
VP Notes are subject to the relevant VP Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes"). On the issue of VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the Agent, 
with a copy sent to the Trustee and the relevant VP Agent. Following notification to VPS or VP, as the case 
may be, of the terms relating to the relevant VP Notes by (or on behalf of) the Issuer and of the subscribers 
and their VPS or VP, as the case may be, account details by the relevant Dealer, the relevant VP Agent, 
acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give instructions to VPS or VP, as the case may be, to credit each 
subscribing account holder with VPS or VP, as the case may be, with a nominal amount of VP Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes in VPS or VP, as the case may be, will 
take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the 
relevant VP Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of VPS or 
VP, as the case may be. 
VP Notes will not be exchangeable for any physical note or document of title other than statements of 
account made by VPS or VP, as the case may be.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearing systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VPS and/or VP shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor)/distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
 
Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME (THE SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital market products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement which will be 
completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
[NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH [REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION")][THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION][ REGULATION 
(EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF THE DOMESTIC LAW OF THE UK BY VIRTUE OF 
THE 
EUROPEAN 
UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) 
ACT 
2018 
(THE 
"UK 
PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION")] FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW.] [Include for Exempt Notes 
only] 
[Date] 
A.P. MØLLER - MÆRSK A/S 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300D2K6PKKKXVNN73 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
(The following language applies unless (i) the Notes are Exempt Notes or (ii) the immediately following 
paragraph applies.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 21 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the Prospectus) 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
[above/in the Prospectus]). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Each of the Prospectus and these Final 
Terms has been published on the website of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
                                                     
1 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue of Notes other than Exempt Notes 
which is being increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated [20 March 2013/9 March 2016/26 February 2018/5 
November 2021] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 21 December 2022. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined [above/in the Prospectus dated 21 December 2022]) and must be read in conjunction 
with the Prospectus dated 21 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the 
Prospectus) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Each of the Prospectus and these Final Terms has 
been published on the website of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
(Insert the following alternative language in the case of Exempt Notes) 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined above) or section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
(FSMA) or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 21 December 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date] [and [date]]] (the Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus. The Prospectus has 
been published on the website of the Issuer. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus]2.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
                                                     
2 
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche of Exempt Notes was issued under a Prospectus with a 
different date.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ]3 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(Note – in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, 
where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.") 
 
(Note – in the case of VP Notes cleared through 
VPS, the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof.) 
 
((Note – in the case of VP Notes cleared through VP, 
the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"DKK1,000,000 [and integral multiples of DKK0.01 
in excess thereof.]))  
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 or equivalent.) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
                                                     
3 
Use the abbreviation "CNY" for RMB Notes

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations. In the case of VP Notes cleared 
through VP, the highest common factor will be €0.01 
(or equivalent).) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ 
 
Floating rate or fixed rate RMB Notes where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
 
] 
month 
[[currency]] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/SONIA/SOFR
/€STR] +/- [     ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at []4 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Mandatory Offer Put] 
 
[(See paragraph [16/17/18/19] below)] 
12. 
[Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[     ]] 
 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
                                                     
4  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note, which is not an Exempt Note, will be redeemed at an amount equal to 
at least 100 per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity date.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date Adjustment 
(N.B. RMB Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(N.B. RMB Notes): 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] (N.B. Applicable to RMB Notes) 
(h) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent or, as the 
case may be, the VP Calculation 
Agent): 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[     ] month [[currency]] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/
€STR] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(The date falling "p" London Banking Days (where 
the Reference Rate is SONIA), the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days (where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) or the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Business Days (where the Reference Rate 
is €STR), as the case may be, prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
Index Determination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
Relevant Number: 
[     ]/[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
Numerator: 
[     ]/[365/360] 
 
D: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5/[     ] TARGET2 Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[     ] TARGET2 Business Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Relevant Number, Lag Period and Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with (in the case of 
Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case 
of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[     ]/Any date from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [     ]]/[in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding [date]]] 
(c) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Spens 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Redemption Margin: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[     ] 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [  ] days 
Maximum period: [  ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
17. 
Issuer Residual Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [  ] days 
Maximum period: [  ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [  ] days 
Maximum period: [  ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
19. 
Mandatory Offer Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
 
[VP Notes] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 14(c) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
24. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details)] 
(Only permitted in the case of Exempt Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO RMB NOTES 
25. 
Renminbi Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[       ] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S: 
 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant market/the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and listed on 
[[    ]/the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]] with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant market/the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and listed on 
[[    ]/the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]] with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of [the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings as published by the rating provider]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus/[Green 
Bonds ([set out any further required information 
here])]/Give details] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the Prospectus, give details.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)  and number(s)/ 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext 
VPS) (VPS), VPS identification number: [     ]]/[VP 
Securities A/S (VP), VP identification number: 
[     ]] (delete as applicable)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) or 
alternative VP Agent (if applicable):  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
VP Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. VP Notes only) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in bearer form which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following are also the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which will be applicable to each VP Note. VP Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VPS or VP, as the case may be. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of 
the content of final terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S (the Issuer) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Trust Deed) dated 25 January 2010 and made between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company 
Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(d) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (VP Notes) and cleared 
through Verdipapirsentralen ASA, the Norwegian central securities depository (trading as Euronext 
VPS) (VPS) or VP Securities Services (VP Securities A/S), the Danish central securities depository 
(VP), as the case may be. 
In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 5 November 2021 and made between the 
Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent), the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), the VPS Agent (as defined below) and the VP Denmark Agent (as defined below). 
In the case of VP Notes, the Notes have the benefit of: 
(a) 
either: 
(A) 
in the case of VP Notes cleared through VPS, an amended and restated VPS Paying Agency 
and Registrar Agreement (such VPS Paying Agency and Registrar Agreement as amended

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 
9 March 2016 and made between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Norge ASA (the VPS Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor agent in relation to VP Notes cleared through 
VPS); or 
(B) 
in the case of VP Notes cleared through VP, a VP Agency Agreement (such VP Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VP 
Denmark Agency Agreement) dated 9 March 2016 and made between the Issuer and 
Nordea Bank Danmark A/S (the VP Denmark Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent in relation to VP Notes cleared through VP); and 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein. 
References herein to the relevant VP Agency Agreement shall mean either: 
(a) 
in the case of VP Notes which are cleared through VPS, the VPS Agency Agreement; or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes which are cleared through VP, the VP Denmark Agency Agreement. 
References herein to the relevant VP Agent shall mean either: 
(a) 
in the case of VP Notes which are cleared through VPS, the VPS Agent; or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes which are cleared through VP, the VP Denmark Agent. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons, Talons or related expressions shall not apply to VP Notes. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this Note which complete these Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor 
offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are 
set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this 
Note which complete the Conditions and which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note. In the case of Exempt Notes, references in the Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be 
deemed to be references to "Pricing Supplement", so far as the context admits. References to the applicable 
Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to, endorsed on or 
otherwise deemed to apply to this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to (i) any Notes represented by a Global Note and (ii) any VP Notes, be 
construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall,

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the VP Agency Agreements (i) are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at 21 
December 2022 at Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents, (in the case of the VPS Agency Agreement only) at the registered office for the time being of 
the VPS Agent and (in the case of the VP Denmark Agency Agreement only) at the registered office for the 
time being of the VP Denmark Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior 
written request to the relevant Paying Agent, the VPS Agent or the VP Denmark Agent (as applicable) 
therefor and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, the VPS 
Agent or the VP Denmark Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified office of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is an 
Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Agent, as the case 
may be, as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.maersk.com) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the relevant VP Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and, in the case of 
VP Notes, the relevant VP Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
References herein to RMB Notes are to Notes denominated in Renminbi. References herein to Renminbi, 
RMB and CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC) which, for the 
purposes of the Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are either (i) Notes issued in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered or (ii) VP Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, in either case in the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Notes in bearer form may not be 
exchanged for VP Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be (i) a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of the foregoing or 
(ii) a Zero Coupon Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
VP Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or any other document of title other than 
statements of accounts made by VPS or VP, as the case may be. 
1.2 
Title to Notes other than VP Notes 
This Condition 1.2 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Paying 
Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In 
determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
 
1.3 
Title to VP Notes 
This Condition 1.3 only applies to VP Notes. 
The holder of a VP Note will be the person evidenced (including any nominee) as such by a book 
entry in the records of VPS or VP, as the case may be. The person so evidenced as a holder of VP 
Notes shall be treated as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and the expressions Noteholder, 
holder of Notes and holder of VP Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Title to the VP Notes will pass by registration in the relevant registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at VPS or VP, as the case may be, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
VPS or VP, as the case may be. 
VP Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
VPS or VP, as the case may be. References to VPS and/or VP, as the case may be, shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves, 
with all other outstanding direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future. 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Notes are (i) Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes or a combination of the foregoing or (ii) Zero Coupon Notes. 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of RMB Notes, if: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date Adjustment is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
(x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, 
then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount, provided that payments of interest 
on the first or the last Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are VP 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by such Global Note or which are VP Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the relevant period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where 
either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(I) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Copenhagen and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(II) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than Copenhagen and any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively), (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the TARGET2 System) is open or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, 
a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong 
Kong are generally open for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
 
the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection 
of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or 
(in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant 
VP Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR or CIBOR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-
zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), 
the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR) or the Copenhagen interbank offered rate 
(CIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such successor or replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 
12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation,

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm 
time, in the case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. 
(Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or 
an agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer 
or an agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in 
the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an agent 
on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP 
Calculation Agent. In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Issuer shall request 
quotations from Reference Banks and inform the Agent of such offered quotations. The 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations (if required). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an agent on its behalf or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(at the request of the Issuer) (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an 
agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), or the Danish inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Issuer or an agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in 
the case of NIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an agent on its behalf or (in the case 
of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR), or the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph by 5.00 p.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, 
Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the 
Business Day following the Interest Determination Date in question, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
As used herein, Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, and in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the Danish inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuer or an 
agent on its behalf or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Non-Index 
Determination) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as not being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(iii): 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily sterling overnight reference rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by (in the case of Notes other than 
VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent on each

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards):  
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is so specified, 365); 
do means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the Lag Period in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the Observation 
Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five London Banking Days); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such LBDx as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such LBDx; and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA Reference Rate is 
required to be determined, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
3.2(b)(vii), be: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant London 
Banking Day; and (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate under (i)(A) is not available at the relevant time, either (A) the 
SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) 
if this is more recent, the latest rate determined under paragraph (i) above, 
and, in each case, references to the SONIA Reference Rate above shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(vii), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3.2(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate of 
Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period), all as determined by (in the case 
of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation 
Agent. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Floating Rate Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Non-Index 
Determination) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is determined, SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as not being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than 
VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(iv): 
Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured overnight financing 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula as at the relevant Interest Determination Date (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is so specified, 360); 
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date;  
New York Fed's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
p means:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the Lag 
Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period; 
SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case at or around 3.00 
p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such USBDx;  
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the SOFR 
for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is not a 
 
Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
 
Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
 
Determination Date); or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(viii), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to this Condition 3.2(b)(iv), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR is not 
available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(viii), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3.2(b)(iv), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Floating Rate Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Non-Index 
Determination) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is determined and €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(v): 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
 
will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
 
where: 
the €STR Reference Rate, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day  (TBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as provided by 
the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its 
website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET2 Business Day 
immediately following such TBDx (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in 
accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European 
Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
€STRi means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i", the €STR Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the TARGET2 Business Day falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET2 Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET2 Business Day "i"; 
d means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is so specified, 360); 
do means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 Business Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any TARGET2 Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such TARGET2 Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET2 
Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
p means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of TARGET2 Business Days specified as the Lag Period in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five TARGET2 
Business Days); or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of TARGET2 Business Days specified as the Observation 
Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five TARGET2 Business Days); and 
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(vii), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to 
this Condition 3.2(b)(v), in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR Reference Rate is required to be determined, such €STR Reference Rate is 
not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR Reference Rate in respect of such TARGET2 
Business Day shall be the €STR Reference Rate for the first preceding TARGET2 Business 
Day in respect of which €STR Reference Rate was published by the European Central Bank 
on its website, as determined by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in 
the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(vii), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3.2(b)(v), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Floating Rate Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA Compounded Index 
or SOFR Compounded Index 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being either SONIA or SOFR and Index Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula on the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, 
where: 
Compounded Index shall mean the SONIA Compounded Index (where the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA) or the SOFR Compounded 
Index (where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR), 
as the case may be; 
Compounded Index End means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant Compounded 
Index value determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
Compounded Index Start means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in relation to which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to, but excluding, the day in relation to 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
Index Days means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
Numerator means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms but, unless otherwise 
specified, shall be five; 
SOFR Compounded Index means the SOFR index value as published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) as such index appears on the New York Fed's Website (as 
defined in Condition 3.2(b)(iv)), in each case at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York City time); 
SONIA Compounded Index the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA (as 
defined in Condition 3.2(b)(iii)) rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 3.2(b)(iii)) that is published or displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such page is so 
specified or if such page is unavailable at the relevant time, as otherwise published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Subject to Condition 3.2(b)(vii) or Condition 3.2(b)(viii), as the case may be, if, with respect 
to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index 
either on the relevant Compounded Index Start or Compounded Index End date, then (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable and in 
each case Observation Shift had been specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that definition in 
this Condition 3.2(b)(vi) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(vii) 
shall apply and if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(viii) shall apply.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Floating Rate Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(vii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3.2(b)(vii) applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate is not SOFR. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Issuer 
in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
3.2(b)(vii)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.2(b)(vii) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the 
Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, such Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying Agents, (in 
the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent, or the Noteholders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
3.2(b)(vii). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, together with the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, in accordance with this Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(A) or 
3.2(b)(vii)(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first two sub-paragraphs of this Condition 
3.2(b)(vii)(A). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3.2(b)(vii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 3.2(b)(vii)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
The applicable Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3.2(b)(vii) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the relevant VP Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(E), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or 
the relevant VP Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent of a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(E), the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall (at the expense 
and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to 
or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall not be liable to any party 
for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than 
VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall not be obliged 
so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee or (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent (as applicable) doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
 
afforded to it in these Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(D), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3.2(b)(vii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent, 
(in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) the Paying Agents, (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments (if any). 
No later than notifying the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent 
or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the relevant VP Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.2(b)(vii); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee's and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Agent's or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent's ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Agent, (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case 
of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying Agents, (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(A), 
3.2(b)(vii)(B), 3.2(b)(vii)(C) and 3.2(b)(vii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
 
VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent has been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and the Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(E). 
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 3.2(b)(vii): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines, is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(B) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(D);  
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, the 
Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Agent, (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the Original Reference 
Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent, (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying 
Agents and (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, 
none of the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent, (in the case of VP 
Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying 
Agents or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall have any responsibility for 
making such determination; 
"business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 3.2(b)(vii)(A) and notified in writing to the Trustee; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(viii) 
Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 3.2(b)(viii) applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occur in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining the Benchmark 
Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 3.2(b)(viii) with 
respect to such Benchmark Replacement) and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect for any 
subsequent determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application 
of this Condition 3.2(b)(viii) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), subject, if any 
associated Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are required in connection 
therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes becoming effective in 
accordance with the following provisions. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.2(b)(viii) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the 
Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying Agents, (in 
the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent, or the Noteholders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
3.2(b)(viii).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Benchmark Replacement and the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in accordance with this Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(A) or Condition 
3.2(b)(viii)(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first three sub-paragraphs of this 
Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(A). 
(B) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, considers it is necessary to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer shall, in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and 
shall, subject to giving notice in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(C) below (but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or the Couponholders), 
vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the relevant VP Agency Agreement 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent of a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
3.2(b)(viii)(C), the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in 
the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee and (in the case 
of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee or (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent (as 
applicable) doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a 
party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(B), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 3.2(b)(viii) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent, (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Paying Agents, (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any). 
No later than notifying the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent 
or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the relevant VP Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement and (iii) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3.2(b)(viii); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the relevant VP Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee's and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent's or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the relevant VP Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent, (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Calculation Agent, (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Paying 
Agents, (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and the Noteholders. 
(D) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(A), 
3.2(b)(viii)(B) and 3.2(b)(viii)(C), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(iv) or Condition 3.2(b)(vi), as the case may be, will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Trustee and (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant 
VP Agent has been notified of the Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement 
Confirming Changes (if any), in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(C). 
(E) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 3.2(b)(viii):

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference 
Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any 
Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser) determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Original Reference 
Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than (where the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
pursuant to Condition 3.2(b)(ii)) the time specified in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) or (in any other case) 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the relevant reference rate in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of such reference rate or, as 
the case may be, of the other relevant information service publishing such reference rate, on, 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to 
have occurred prior to such time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Original Reference 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 3.2(b)(viii)(A) and notified in writing to the 
Trustee; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Transition Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark 
used in any Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it (the Replacement 
Benchmark)) has been replaced by a (or a further) Replacement Benchmark and a 
Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Replacement 
Benchmark, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such 
Replacement Benchmark); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or the VP 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VP Notes) will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. The Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or the VP Calculation Agent (in the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
 
case of VP Notes) will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are VP 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes which are represented by 
such Global Note or which are VP Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if"30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or the VP Calculation Agent (in the case of VP Notes) by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or the VP Calculation Agent (in 
the case of VP Notes) shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
reasonably determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) or the VP Calculation Agent (in the case of 
VP Notes) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP 
Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2, whether 
by the Agent or the VP Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the relevant VP Agent, the 
VP Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents (each if applicable) and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent, the VP Calculation Agent (each if 
applicable) or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively);  
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on 
behalf of the payee with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Fixed Rate Notes which specify Interest Payment 
Date Adjustment as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, any Fixed Rate Note which specifies Interest 
Payment Date Adjustment as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Long Maturity Note 
in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed 
Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments in relation to Notes other than VP Notes 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
VP Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Notes shall be made by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer to the holders shown in the relevant records of VPS or VP, as the case may be, in accordance 
with, and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing, VPS or VP, as the case 
may be. 
4.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively), (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (C) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
4.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
the Residual Early Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(f) 
any purchase moneys which may be payable pursuant to Condition 5.5., Condition 5.6 or 
otherwise under or in respect of the Notes; and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
4.8 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If Renminbi Currency Events are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Renminbi Currency Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer, on giving not less than five nor 
more than thirty days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 to the Noteholders and the 
Trustee prior to any due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of 
such payment (in whole or in part) on the relevant due date for payment by making such payment in 
U.S. dollars on the basis of the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Paying Agents by the Calculation Agent. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on, a bank in

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
New York City and the definition of Payment Day in Condition 4.6 shall mean any day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in 
definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (B) London and New York City. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Determination Date means the day which is three Determination Business Days before the due date 
of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
Local Time means the time of day in the jurisdiction in which the Calculation Agent, appointed in 
connection with the Notes, is located; 
Renminbi Currency Events means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability 
and Renminbi Inconvertibility; 
Renminbi Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
Renminbi Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to 
pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as determined by the Issuer 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two 
Renminbi Dealers; 
Renminbi Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation); 
Renminbi Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong 
Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement 
system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in three 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Local Time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Local Time) on 
the Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a 
page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose 
of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.7, by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the relevant VP Agent, the other Paying Agents (each if 
applicable) and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount (the Final Redemption 
Amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal or other tax advisers of recognised standing or, if not independent, 
such advisers as shall be approved in writing by the Trustee for such purpose to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will be either, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) if Make Whole 
Redemption Price is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make 
Whole Redemption Price or (ii) the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the 
Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on 
such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the 
Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to 
the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected: 
(i) 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes; 
(ii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Notes; or 
(iii) 
in accordance with the standard procedures of VPS or VP, as the case may be, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes which are VP Notes, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date). 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 5.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 5.3: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Trustee; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 
1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to 
an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as 
the Trustee may approve; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of 
the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3. 
5.4 
Redemption for clean-up (Issuer Residual Call)  
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if at any 
time after the Issue Date 80 per cent. or more of the nominal amount of a Series of Notes originally 
issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 15 so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes will be deemed to have been originally issued) 
has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and cancelled pursuant to 
these Conditions, then the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and (in the case 
of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note).  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) stating that, as at the date of the certificate, 80 per cent. or more of the nominal amount of the 
Series of Notes originally issued has been purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and 
cancelled, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of 
thereof without liability.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 will be redeemed at the Residual Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.  
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of 
this Note, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is in definitive form and is a Fixed Rate Note 
which is not also a Long Maturity Note, this Note should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the Optional Redemption Date, failing which the amount of any 
such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner provided in Condition 4 against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter.  
The Paying Agent to which this Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder 
concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any 
Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Put Notice to 
which payment is to be made, on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to that bank account 
and, in every other case, on or after the Optional Redemption Date against presentation and 
surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent. For the purposes of this provision and the Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this 
provision shall be treated as if they were Notes. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to 
the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
In the case of VP Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of this Note, the 
holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant VP Agent of such

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of VPS or VP, as the case may be, from time to 
time.  
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, VPS or VP, as the case may be, by a holder of any Note shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, any Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 8) has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 8, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
and the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any event giving rise to an Investor Put or 
which could lead to an Investor Put has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such event has occurred.  
5.6 
Put option of the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a mandatory offer (Mandatory Offer 
Put) 
If Mandatory Offer Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Mandatory Offer Put Event (as defined below) occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option 
(a Mandatory Offer Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the day (the Put Date) falling 7 days after the 
expiration of the Put Period (as defined below) at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. The Mandatory Offer Put Option 
shall operate as set out below. 
A Mandatory Offer Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(i) 
shares in the Issuer are transferred directly or indirectly to an acquirer, or persons or entities 
acting in concert with such acquirer, and such transfer results in an obligation for the 
acquirer of such shares to make a mandatory offer to all shareholders of the Issuer in 
accordance with section 45 of the Danish Capital Markets Act (such event being a 
Mandatory Offer Obligation); and 
(ii) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Mandatory Offer Obligation; and (y) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Mandatory Offer Obligation Announcement (if any), the Notes 
carry from either of Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (Moody's) or S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's) or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (each a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing 
specified by the Issuer (each, a Rating Agency): 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within the Mandatory Offer Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Mandatory Offer Period subsequently (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(B) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within the Mandatory Offer Period downgraded 
by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB being one notch) or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
 
withdrawn and is not within the Mandatory Offer Period subsequently (in the case 
of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier 
credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and no Rating Agency assigns, within the 
Mandatory Offer Period, at least an investment grade credit rating to the Notes, 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then sub-paragraph 
(A) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such decision(s) resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Mandatory Offer Obligation or the Relevant 
Potential Mandatory Offer Obligation Announcement. Upon receipt by the Issuer or the 
Trustee of any such written confirmation, the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
If the rating designations employed by either of Moody's or Standard & Poor's are changed from 
those which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Mandatory Offer Put Event" above, 
or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody's or Standard & Poor's or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's or Standard & Poor's and this 
Condition 5.6 shall be read accordingly. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Mandatory Offer Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the Trustee may, and if so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice (a 
Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders (and, in the case of the Issuer, the Trustee) in accordance with 
Condition 12 specifying in any such case that a Mandatory Offer Put Event has occurred and the 
procedure for exercising the Mandatory Offer Put Option. 
In the case of Notes other than VP Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of 
this Note, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the Put Period) of not 
less than 30 and not more than 60 days after the Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a Mandatory Offer Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Mandatory Offer Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is in definitive 
form and is a Fixed Rate Note which is not also a Long Maturity Note, this Note should be delivered 
together with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the Put Date, failing which the amount 
of any such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner provided in Condition 4 against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter.  
The Paying Agent to which this Note and Mandatory Offer Put Notice are delivered will issue to the 
Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the 
Mandatory Offer Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date by transfer to that 
bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation and surrender or 
(as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent. For the 
purposes of this provision and the Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this provision shall be 
treated as if they were Notes. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Mandatory Offer Put Option, 
the holder of this Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.  
In the case of VP Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption or purchase of this Note, the 
holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant VP Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of VPS or VP, as the case may be, from time to 
time. 
Any Mandatory Offer Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VPS or VP, as the case may be, by a holder of any Note 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, any Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 8) has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due 
and payable pursuant to Condition 8, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer and the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition. 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders and the Trustee given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem or 
purchase, at its option, the remaining Notes in whole, but not in part, at the Optional Redemption 
Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to the date of redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any event giving rise to a Mandatory Offer 
Put Event or which could lead to a Mandatory Offer Put Event has occurred and, until it shall have 
actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that 
no such event has occurred. 
As used herein: 
(a) 
Mandatory Offer Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 120 days after the Mandatory Offer Obligation has arisen (or such longer 
period for which the Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been 
announced publicly within the period ending 120 days after the Mandatory Offer Obligation 
has arisen) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration); and

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Relevant Potential Mandatory Offer Obligation Announcement means any public 
announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor 
thereto relating to any potential Mandatory Offer Obligation where within 180 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Mandatory Offer Obligation 
occurs. 
5.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2 above and Condition 8, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
y
AY)
(1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 



 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
5.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the relevant purchaser: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, cancelled by deletion from the records of VPS or VP, as the case 
may be. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.8 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith): 
(a) 
in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, shall be forwarded to the Agent; or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, shall be deleted from the records of VPS or VP, as the case may be, 
and, in any case, cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5.7(c) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Trustee, (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of the Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after the withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional 
amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable to the Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Denmark; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of a holder who would not be liable for or subject to such 
withholding or deduction if such holder presented any form of certificate or made a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.6). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes 
and/or the Coupons; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee, (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the relevant VP 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
8.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), 
(but in the case of the happening of any of the events other than those described in paragraphs (a), 
(e)((v), (e) (vii) and (f)(i) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that 
such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
 
writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together (where applicable) with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
there is (i) a failure to pay any principal on any of the Notes when due and such failure 
continues for seven days or more or (ii) a failure to pay any interest on any of the Notes 
when due and such failure continues for 14 days or more; or 
(b) 
the Issuer does not comply with any other term of the Notes for a period of at least 30 days 
after written notice of such failure to comply has been given to the Issuer by the Trustee 
with a written demand for such terms to be complied with; or 
(c) 
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for, or in respect of, monies 
borrowed becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default, event of 
default or the like (howsoever described) or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity 
in respect of, any monies borrowed, in each case unless the Issuer is contesting in good faith 
its liability to make such payment and provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this subparagraph (c) have occurred and remain unpaid or undischarged 
equals or exceeds USD50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(d) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer and in each case in respect of any indebtedness for or in respect of 
monies borrowed amounting in the aggregate to USD50,000,000 or more (or the equivalent 
thereof in any other currency or currencies) or of any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any indebtedness for or in respect of monies borrowed amounting in the aggregate to 
USD50,000,000 or more (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies) shall 
become enforceable and the holder thereof shall take any steps to enforce the same and the 
same is not paid within seven days of such steps being taken; or 
(e) 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
shall make, propose or otherwise threaten an assignment for the benefit of all or any 
class of its creditors or any arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of all 
or any class of its creditors; or 
(ii) 
shall convene a meeting of all or any class of its creditors (with a view to a 
composition or arrangement for the benefit of its creditors generally); or 
(iii) 
shall suspend its payments or shall be subject to or apply for bankruptcy 
proceedings; or 
(iv) 
shall be submitted to or make an application for the process of controlled 
administration; or 
(v) 
shall be put into compulsory or voluntary liquidation; or

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
shall petition or shall apply to any tribunal or authority for any administrator, 
receiver, liquidator or trustee for it or for all or substantially all of its assets (except 
for the purpose of a solvent reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously 
approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(vii) 
shall have or suffer to be appointed, any administrator, receiver, liquidator or trustee 
for it or for all or substantially all of its assets (except for the purpose of a solvent 
reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved by the Trustee or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(viii) 
shall otherwise enter into any settlement, or commence or become subject to any 
proceedings (provided such proceedings were justified), under any law, regulation 
or decree of any applicable jurisdiction relating to reorganisation, arrangement, 
readjustment of debts, dissolution or liquidation; or 
(f) 
a distress, execution or other similar legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against (i) all, or (ii) more than one-third by then current value, of the undertaking, property 
or assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(g) 
the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on, whether directly or indirectly through its 
shareholding in any other member of the Company, all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
As used herein, Company means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
8.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but 
it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, 
the Notes or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable so to do within a reasonable period 
and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
This Condition 9 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS AND VP AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and the initial VP Agents and their initial specified offices 
are set out below. If any additional Paying Agent or an alternative VP Agent is appointed in 
connection with any Series, the name of such agent will be specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or the relevant VP Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or VP Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent or VP Agent, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d) 
in the case of VP Notes, there will always be a VP Agent authorised to act as an account 
holding institution with VPS and/or VP, as the case may be. 
In addition, in the case of Notes other than VP Notes, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying 
Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and/or the relevant VP Agency Agreement, the Paying 
Agents and the relevant VP Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances 
specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or 
trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 11 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
Notes other than VP Notes 
This Condition 12.1 only applies to Notes other than VP Notes. 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published, if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on 
such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
12.2 
VP Notes 
This Condition 12.2 only applies to VP Notes. 
All notices regarding the VP Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in accordance 
with the procedures of VPS or VP, as the case may be. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VP Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VP Notes on the date it is 
published in accordance with the procedures of VPS or VP, as the case may be.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
 
Notices to be given by any holder of VP Notes may be given by such holder through VPS or VP as 
the case may be, in such manner as the relevant VP Agent and VPS or VP, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
13.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5% in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50% in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting 
duly convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-fourths in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consents given 
by way of electronic consents though the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Trustee) by or on behalf of the holder(s) of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
13.2 
Modifications, waiver and substitution 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or the relevant VP Agency 
Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, where, in any 
such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification of the 
Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or the relevant VP Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and 
as otherwise set out in Condition 3.2(b)(vii) or, as the case may be, any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3.2(b)(viii), without

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and if, but only if, the 
Trustee shall so require, (or in the case of any modification, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees), 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political 
sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 6 and/or any 
undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 6 pursuant to the Trust 
Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders agree with the Issuer to 
the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the 
principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
subsidiary of the Issuer or a successor in business (as defined in the Trust Deed) or a holding 
company (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer, subject to (a) the Trustee being satisfied that 
the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (b) certain 
other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
14. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without 
regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain 
and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or 
in connection therewith. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except 
for the registration of VP Notes in VPS, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law and the registration of VP Notes in VP, which shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Danish law. The VPS Agency Agreement and the VP Denmark 
Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law and 
Danish law, respectively.  
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may take 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the 
Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Maersk Line UK Limited at its registered office for the time being in London as 
its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Maersk Line UK Limited 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person approved by 
the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) 
below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be applied: 
(a) 
for general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
if "Green Bonds", is specified in the "Reasons for the offer" section in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Assets in line with the Green 
Financing Framework (as updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time), which will be 
accessible through the Issuer's website at https://www.maersk.com; or   
(c) 
for any other particular identified use of proceeds, as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the suitability of any 
Green Bonds for any purpose whatsoever, or suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Eligible Assets, 
to fulfil any green, environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification or any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application 
of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification or public reporting is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification or public reporting and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. If any Green Bonds 
will be admitted to listing (including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated 'green', 
'sustainable', 'social' or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that such listing or 
admission satisfies any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. See further 
information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors – Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets".

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Overview 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S (the Issuer) and its subsidiaries (being companies which are directly or indirectly 
controlled by the Issuer) (together, the Company) is a global enterprise with over 95,000 employees in more 
than 130 countries and global headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Issuer is the listing company and 
A.P. Møller Holding A/S is the largest of the majority shareholders as described further below. 
In 2016, the Company initiated a transformation strategy, with the aim of shifting from a previous structure 
as a conglomerate to the global integrator of container logistics, connecting and simplifying its customers' 
supply chains with end-to-end supply chain solutions. 
Core to the Company's transformational strategy is the ambition to offer integrated solutions for smooth and 
optimised cargo flows that can span across all steps of the supply chain and to create value for customers in 
the form of better supply chain outcomes, increased transparency and control, and ultimately lower end-to-
end costs. 
The vision will be delivered by combining the broad product and service offering of Logistics & Services 
with the highly reliable and more differentiated Ocean transportation offering. In addition, significant 
financial and operational synergies are realised between Terminals and Ocean via close collaboration to 
drive efficiency and by leveraging own volumes to monetise and de-risk terminals. 
History and development of A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S 
The registered name of the Issuer is A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S. The Issuer has the following secondary 
names: 
"Aktieselskabet 
Dampskibsselskabet 
Svendborg 
(A.P. 
Møller 
- 
Mærsk 
A/S)" 
and 
"Dampskibsselskabet af 1912, Aktieselskab (A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S)". 
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 April 1904 with the original name "Aktieselskabet Dampskibsselskabet 
Svendborg". Its head office and registered office is at Esplanaden 50, DK-1098 Copenhagen K, Denmark 
and its telephone number is +45 33 63 33 63. The Issuer's registration (CVR) number with The Danish 
Business Authority is 22756214. In 2003 the Issuer merged with Dampskibsselskabet af 1912, Aktieselskab, 
with the Issuer as the continuing legal entity. 
The Issuer is a publicly listed company incorporated under the laws of Denmark and as such is subject to the 
rules set out in the Danish Companies Act. The shares of the Issuer are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 
(Nasdaq Copenhagen). 
 
The Company's global integrator value creation model consists of six components: 
 
 
A higher-quality, more stable and profitable Ocean business. 
 
 
Strong and profitable growth in Logistics & Services. 
 
 
Providing operational excellence as a terminal operator. 
 
 
Technology-driven business advantages.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A leadership stance on decarbonisation and ESG. 
 
 
Customer focus and skilled experts executing business at scale and with consistency. 
 
Significant progress has been made since the strategy was launched. Within the shipping business (Ocean), 
the business model has been developed into five differentiated product offerings in order to meet customer 
demands and establish a more high-quality and resilient business offering. Within the logistics business area 
(Logistics & Services), the Company has improved both capabilities and footprint via six acquisitions and 
numerous organic investments in capabilities and physical assets. Within the ports business (Terminals), 
improvements have been made by pursuing growth opportunities selectively where synergies with the 
shipping business are maximised. 
The Company has furthermore focused on accelerating its technological capabilities in order to boost the 
offering of integrated logistics solutions, and to enable a standardised, technology-led and data-driven 
foundation for business. In 2021, the Company announced a comprehensive ESG strategy that is integral to 
the success of the transformation strategy. The ESG strategy includes three core commitments: 
 
Take leadership in the decarbonisation of logistics. 
 
 
Providing a safe and inspiring workplace for employees of the Company. 
 
 
Operate based on responsible business practices. 
 
In 2021 and in 2022, the Company made a series of announcements accelerating its decarbonisation 
milestones, including the order for 18 large ocean-going container vessels capable of being operated on 
green methanol to be delivered from 2024. 
The bedrock of the strategy of the Company is a superior end-to-end delivery network, which delivers on 
fundamental needs for getting goods to the right place, at the right time, at the right price and with minimum 
environmental impact.  
Business Overview 
The Company's four reporting segments are organised as follows: Ocean, Logistics & Services, Terminals, 
and Towage & Maritime Services. 
Ocean 
Ocean includes the ocean activities of Maersk Liner Business (Maersk and Sealand – A Maersk Company) 
together with the Hamburg Süd brands (Hamburg Süd and Aliança), as well as strategic transhipment hubs 
under the APM Terminals brand (Rotterdam, Maasvlakte II, Algeciras, Tangier, Tangier-Med II, Port Said, 
and the joint ventures Salalah, Tanjung Pelepas and Bremerhaven). The Company's ocean activities are the 
second-biggest in the shipping industry, operating 16.3% of the global container capacity as of 30 September 
2022. As of 30 September 2022, the Company's ocean fleet consisted of 318 owned vessels and 400 
chartered vessels. The fleet consisted of approximately 4.298 million twenty-foot equivalent units of total 
capacity as of 30 September 2022. In addition to a strong presence in Europe, Africa, Asia and North 
America, the Company's ocean activities have also been present for several years in developing markets and 
the Company has a strong position in emerging markets in Africa and South America. 
Logistics & Services 
Logistics & Services includes three classifications of business activities: 
"Managed by Maersk" offers customs brokerage services, supply chain management and 4PL services, cold-

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
 
chain logistics and TradeLens, a blockchain-enabled digital container logistics platform developed in 
collaboration with IBM. 
"Fulfilled by Maersk" offers consolidation, deconsolidation and fulfilment warehousing as well as 
distribution services, depot operations and e-commerce logistics. Integrated fulfilment solutions improve 
customer consolidation and storage down to order level. 
"Transported by Maersk" offers air forwarding, Less Than Container Load services, truck and rail 
transportation, and cargo insurance. Integrated transportation solutions facilitate supply chain control across 
A.P. Moller – Maersk’s assets. 
Terminals 
Terminals includes gateway terminals involving landside activities (being port activities where the 
customers are mainly the carriers). Gateway terminals consist of 67 terminals across 42 countries. The 
terminals are operated either exclusively by Terminals under the APM Terminals brand or together with 
joint venture partners. The performance of seven fully controlled hub terminals is reported under Ocean.  
Towage & Maritime Services 
Towage & Maritime Services includes the activities of Maersk Container Industry with the production and 
sale of reefer containers at the factory in China. Further, Maersk Supply Service provides marine services 
and integrated solutions to the offshore energy sector worldwide with a large fleet of anchor handling tug 
supply vessels and subsea support vessels. This includes towage services under the Svitzer brand and related 
marine activities, providing offshore supply service and trading and other business.  
Terminal towage is a one-customer operation. The customer is a port, a terminal or owner of an offshore 
facility. The contract is for specific vessels, and the customer determines which work the vessel performs. 
Harbour towage is a multi- customer operation in a common user facility. The customers are vessel owners 
and operators, either contracted for one to three years or booked call-by-call. 
Recent Developments 
The Issuer has undertaken significant M&A activity in 2021 and 2022, including in particular its acquisition 
of Martin Bencher Group, as detailed below.  
On 5 August 2022, it was announced that the Issuer intends to acquire 100% of the shares in Martin Bencher 
Group, a Denmark-based project logistics company, with competencies within non-containerised project 
logistics. The acquisition of Martin Bencher Group will add to the existing project logistics services already 
available at the Company, with a specialised service offering the combination of solution design, special 
cargo transportation, and project management services. It will build on existing infrastructures and know-
how across the existing Project Logistics vertical in Sales & Marketing, Ocean, and L&S Special Project 
Logistics (SPL). The estimated enterprise value is USD61,000,000. The acquisition is subject to regulatory 
approvals and is expected to close during the first quarter of 2023.  
Board of Directors and the Management Board 
Set out below are the names of the current members of the Board of Directors and the Management Board of 
the Issuer, their positions and the principal activities performed by them outside of the Company and in the 
case of the Management Board, the management duties in and outside the Company. The business address of 
each of the directors and the members of the Management Board is Esplanaden 50, DK-1098 Copenhagen 
K, Denmark.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of the members of the Issuer's Board of 
Directors. 
Name 
Position 
Year of Birth 
Status 
Date Appointed 
Robert Mærsk Uggla............... 
Chairman 
1978 
Non-
independent 
31 March 2014 
Marc Engel.............................. 
Vice 
chairman 
1966 
Independent 
2 April 2019 
Arne Karlsson.......................... 
Director 
1958 
Non-
independent 
27 April 2010 
Bernard L. Bot......................... 
Director 
1966 
Independent 
2 April 2019 
Amparo Moraleda ................... 
Director 
1964 
Independent 
23 March 2021 
Marika Fredriksson.................. Director 
1963 
Independent 
15 March 2022 
Thomas Lindegaard Madsen ... 
Director 
1972 
Non-
independent 
10 April 2018 
Julija Voitiekute...................... 
Director 
1981 
Non-
independent 
15 March 2022 
Robert Mærsk Uggla has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. Mr. Uggla is the CEO of 
A.P. Møller Holding A/S and has leadership experience within shipping and marine services. Mr. Uggla 
holds the following positions: The Drilling Company of 1972, A/S* (Vice Chair), A.P. Moller Capital P/S 
(Chair), Maersk Tankers A/S* (Chair), Agata ApS (CEO), Estemco XII ApS (CEO), IMD (Director of the 
foundation board), International Business Leaders' Advisory Council, IBLAC (member), and Board 
positions in a number of controlled subsidiaries of A.P. Moller Holding A/S. Mr. Uggla holds an MSc in 
Business Administration (finance and accounting) from Stockholm School of Economics and has completed 
executive education at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard Business School. 
Marc Engel has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2019. Mr. Engel is former Chief Supply 
Chain Officer and member of the Unilever Plc leadership executive. Mr. Engel has international experience 
in general management, procurement and supply chain roles, as well as insight from a customer's perspective 
in both shipping and the broader logistics space. Mr. Engel holds the following posts:  Unilabs SA (Chair of 
Supervisory Board), ACT commodities (Supervisory Board Member), IDH (member of Supervisory Board), 
Zero 100 (Advisory Board Member), and Emitwise (Advisory Board Member). Mr. Engel holds an MSc in 
Applied Physics from the University of Groningen.  
Arne Karlsson has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2010. Mr. Karlsson has experience as 
CEO and board member of private equity companies and with managing and developing a diverse portfolio 
of businesses operating in different markets.  He was formerly CEO of Ratos AB.  He holds the following 
posts: Ecolean (Chair), Einar Mattsson (Chair), FAPM Fastighets AB (Chair), Fastighets AB Stadshus 
(Chair), KANA I Ramundberget AB* (Chair), Ramisverket AB (Deputy Board member), ROL AB 
(Chairman), TAK Advisory Ltd (Chair), WCPF (World’s Children’s Prize Foundation) (Chair), Swedish 
Securities Council (Board member), and Advisory Board for The ESS (European Spallation Source) 
(member). Mr. Karlsson holds a bachelor's in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of 
Economics.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
 
Bernard L. Bot has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2019. Mr. Bot is the CFO of Kingfisher 
Plc. Mr. Bot has experience within the transport and logistics sector and in listed companies and has relevant 
technical financial skills and knowledge of global business-to-business technology enterprises. Mr. Bot 
holds an MSc in Economics from Erasmus University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth 
School of Business.  
Amparo Moraleda has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Ms. Moraleda is a Board 
member of Caixabank, Airbus SE, and Vodafone Group. Ms. Moraleda has Board experience from 
international listed technology, chemical, aerospace, transportation, automotive, and innovation companies 
and from the financial sector. Ms. Moraleda has management experience from global, listed IT and electric 
utility companies as well as digital transformation and strategy experience. Ms. Moraleda is an industrial 
engineer by ICAI, Universidad Pontificia de Comillas. 
Marika Fredriksson has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2022. Ms. Fredriksson is a former 
CFO and Group Executive Vice President of Vestas Wind Systems A/S. Ms. Fredriksson has international 
experience as CFO and member of the board of directors of listed companies within construction.  Ms. 
Fredriksson is the Chair of Prodata Consult, Board member of AB Industrivärden, Sandvik AB, Ecolean AB, 
and Saxo bank A/S, as well as advisory board member of Axcel. Ms. Fredriksson holds a master’s degree 
from the Swedish School of Economics. 
Thomas Lindegaard Madsen has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2018. Mr. Madsen has 
been Captain in Maersk Line since 2011 and Chief Officer in Maersk Line from 2004 to 2011. Mr. Madsen 
has technical, maritime, and operational knowledge relevant to the shipping activities of the Company. Mr. 
Madsen is a Graduated Master from Svendborg Navigation School. 
Julija Voitiekute has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2022. Ms. Voitiekute is Senior 
Director, Head of Decarbonisation Innovation & Business Development of the Issuer. Ms. Voitiekute has 
knowledge in ship operation, technical management, future trends, and innovation relevant to the Company 
as an employee of the Company, where she is Senior Decarbonisation Integration Manager. Ms. Voitiekute 
is a member of the Innovation committee of Danish Shipping. Ms. Voitiekute holds a master’s degree in 
International Strategy from Copenhagen Business School and a bachelor’s in finance and Banking from St. 
Petersburg University of Economics and Finance. 
Management Board 
The below table sets forth the name, age and position of each of the members of the Issuer's Management 
Board. 
Name 
Position 
Year of Birth 
Søren Skou .................................................. 
CEO 
1964 
Patrick Jany 
CFO 
1968 
Vincent Clerc ............................................... 
CEO Ocean & Logistics 
1972 
Henriette Hallberg Thygesen 
CEO Fleet and Strategic 
Brands 
1971 
Navneet Kapoor 
CTIO 
1970 
Søren Skou was appointed CEO of the Issuer effective 1 July 2016. He joined the Company in 1983 and has 
been a member of the Issuer's Management Board since 2007.  Since 2012, Mr. Skou has been the CEO of 
the Maersk Line brands, encompassing Maersk Line, Safmarine, and SeaLand – A Maersk Company (now

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
 
unified under the "Maersk" brand). From 2001 to 2011, he served as the CEO of Maersk Tankers. Mr. Skou 
is a graduate of business administration from Copenhagen Business School, and holds an MBA (Honours) 
from IMD, Switzerland. It has been announced that Mr. Skou will retire at the end of the year, and will be 
succeeded by Vincent Clerc as CEO effective 1 January 2023. 
Patrick Jany was appointed Company CFO effective 1 May 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Jany 
had been in Clariant AG in Basel for 25 years, holding several leadership positions within finance, general 
management and corporate development based in Germany, Mexico, Singapore, Indonesia and Spain before 
becoming its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Jany holds a Master's in Business Administration (Corporate 
Finance) from the École Supérieure de Commerce in Paris, France. 
Vincent Clerc has been a member of the Company's Management Board since 2017 and serves as Executive 
Vice President and CEO of Ocean & Logistics. Mr. Clerc has held various roles in North America and 
Copenhagen and has been a member of Maersk Line's Management Board since Q1 2012. In December 
2015, Mr. Clerc was appointed Chief Commercial Officer in Maersk Line. Mr. Clerc holds a Bachelor's in 
Political Science from Lausanne, Switzerland and an MBA from Colombia Business School and London 
Business School. 
Henriette Hallberg Thygesen has been a Member of the Company's Management Board since December 
2019 and serves as Executive Vice President and CEO of Fleet and Strategic Brands. Mrs. Thygesen has had 
a 27-year career working for the Company across different business units – from Maersk Line over Maersk 
Oil to Damco. Her varied career has taken her around the world, from Asia to the U.S. Mrs. Thygesen holds 
an Executive MBA from Columbia University, an MBA in International Management from ECCIP Paris and 
EU Munich, a Master of Science from Copenhagen Business School and a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics 
from Copenhagen Business School. 
 
Navneet Kapoor has been with the Company since June 2017 and has held various responsibilities, 
including holding the roles of Chief Transformation Officer and Head of Global Shared Service Centres, 
before being appointed to the Company's Management Board in March 2021. In February 2020, Mr. Kapoor 
was appointed Chief Technology and Information officer and since March 2021 has served as Executive 
Vice President and Chief Technology & Information Officer. With a career spanning over 25 years, he has 
assumed diverse leadership roles within the omnichannel retail, financial, manufacturing and engineering 
research industries across multiple geographies spanning India, North America, Japan and Thailand. Mr. 
Kapoor holds a PhD in Chemical Engineering, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering, an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and a B.Tech in Chemical Engineering. 
Conflicts of interest 
No potential conflicts of interest are believed to exist between the duties to the Company of the directors of 
the Issuer or the members of the Management Board and their private interests or other duties. 
A number of key executives participate in a number of shipping partnerships that are operated as part of the 
Company's fleet. In each shipping partnership, the Issuer (or a 100% owned subsidiary) owns at least 50% of 
the vessel and holds the ultimate control thereof. All transactions between related parties and the Company 
are on arm's length conditions. 
Major shareholders 
Pursuant to the Danish Companies Act and the Danish Capital Markets Act, anyone holding shares in the 
Issuer shall notify the Issuer and the Danish FSA of such holding of shares, if: (i) the voting rights or 
nominal value of such shares represents 5% or more of the voting rights or share capital of the Issuer; or (ii)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
 
any change to a holding of shares already notified to the Issuer and the Danish FSA occurs with the effect 
that thresholds of 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, one-third, 50%, two-thirds, 90% or 100% of the voting rights 
or nominal value of the share capital of the Issuer are reached or no longer reached. 
The notifications received by the Issuer, as at 25 May 2022, are set out below:  
 
Name 
 
Share 
capital 
Voting 
rights 
 
A.P. Møller Holding A/S 
 
41.73% 
52.83% 
A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Familiefond, 
Copenhagen, Denmark 
 
9.96% 
14.07% 
Den A.P. Møllerske Støttefond, Copenhagen, Denmark 
 
3.51% 
6.42% 
 
As at 25 May 2022, A.P. Møller - Maersk A/S has approximately 82,000 registered shareholders.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
Danish Taxation  
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force as at the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary only 
sets out the tax position of the direct owners of the Notes and assumes that the Noteholders are the 
beneficial owners of the Notes and interest thereon. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold 
or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. 
Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax adviser to 
clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes 
no representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
(i) 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of 
interest or principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in 
respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in consolidated Act No. 1241 of 22 
August 2022, as amended (in Danish "Selskabsskatteloven"). This will not have any impact on 
Noteholders who are not directly or indirectly or due to agreed joint control as mentioned in said 
Act, in a relationship whereby they control, or are controlled by, the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar 
enterprises resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their 
permanent establishment in Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish act on 
taxation of debt, debt claims and financial contracts (in Danish "Kursgevinstloven") (the Act). Gains 
and losses on Notes issued to corporate entities are generally included in the taxable income in 
accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on an unrealised 
basis. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally included in the taxable income on a 
realised basis and if the annual gains or losses do not exceed DKK 2,000 (2022 level), the gains or 
losses will be exempt from taxation. 
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in 
section 29, subsection 3 of the Act will, for corporate entities as well as individuals, be taxable on an 
annual basis in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet") as further 
specified in the Act. 
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable 
taxation of capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to 
the Notes in question.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish act on taxation of pension yield (in Danish 
"Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value 
increase or decrease of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish 
"lagerprincippet") as specifically laid down in said Act. 
(iii) 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident 
Noteholders are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in 
respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above. 
Thus, no withholding tax will be payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised 
upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other 
than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to 
under "Taxation at source" above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark 
or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a 
permanent establishment to which the Notes are allocated. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.   
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following overview is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax 
or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax  
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law 
will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 21 
December 2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VP Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance 
with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Capital Markets Act, Consolidated Act No. 2014 
of 1 November 2021, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and Executive Orders issued 
thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than (a) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made 
under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities 
laws of the People's Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes, or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
 
(v)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Trustee 
and any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of the Notes have been duly authorised by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions in its articles of association regulating the powers to bind the Issuer. 
An increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Programme to €10,000,000,000 was duly authorised by 
a resolution of the Issuer on 24 February 2015. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, as competent authority under the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities and the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Issuer Website 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.maersk.com. The information on https://www.maersk.com does not 
form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus.  
Documents Available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the Issuer's website (https://www.maersk.com): 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the VP Agency Agreements and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
all documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus; 
(d) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Prospectus 
and Final Terms (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Agent, as the case 
may be as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference. 
A copy of this Prospectus shall remain available (free of charge) on the Issuer's website for at least 10 years 
from the date of this Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.bourse.lu.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than VP Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the record in relation to Notes (other than VP 
Notes)). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The appropriate securities codes 
for each Tranche of VP Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of VP Notes, VPS 
or VP, as the case may be, is the entity in charge of keeping the records. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of VPS is Biskop Gunnerus' Gate 14a, N-0051 Oslo, Norway and the 
address of VP is Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Company since 30 
September 2022 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.  
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Company is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Company.  
Auditors 
The 
current 
statutory 
auditors 
of 
the 
Issuer 
are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies Agency and regulated by the 
Danish Act on State Authorised Public Accountants and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark), 
who have audited the Issuer's annual reports in accordance with Danish and International Standards on 
Auditing for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued an auditors' 
report on such annual reports without any qualification.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they 
are included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors who have authorised the contents of that part 
of this Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, 
corporate finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies 
involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its' affiliates operate, and for which 
such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and 
indemnification. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deals or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or 
may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or their affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to 
customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in the securities of the Issuer, including potentially the Notes offered 
hereby. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Alternative performance measures 
This Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference contain the following Alternative Performance 
Measures as defined in the Guidelines by ESMA (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative Performance 
Measures. 
All figures referenced in the table below but not included in the Annual Reports or the Q3 2022 Interim 
Report have been prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting policies applied by the Issuer in the 
financial statements prepared in accordance with the applicable reporting framework. 
 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measure 
Definition/Reconciliation 
Rationale for inclusion 
CAPEX 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report.  
Measures the amount of cash payments for 
intangible assets and property, plant and 
equipment, 
excluding 
acquisitions 
and 
divestments.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash conversion 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures cash flow from operations in 
proportion to EBITDA. 
Cash flow from operating 
activities per share 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures the amount of operating cash flow 
from continuing operations generated per 
share, excluding the Issuer's holding of own 
shares. 
Cost base 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures EBIT costs (including Vessel 
Sharing Agreement income and hub income 
and adjustments for restructuring costs), the 
results from associated companies and 
gains/losses.  
EBIT – Profit before interest 
and taxes 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures earnings before interest and taxes. 
EBITDA – Profit before 
depreciation, 
amortisation 
and impairment losses, etc. 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
losses, etc. 
EBIT margin 
Equal 
to 
"EBIT" 
divided 
by 
"Revenue". The number for the 
consolidated accounts is on page 4 of 
the Q3 2022 Interim Report. 
A measure of a company's profitability 
margin. 
EBITDA margin 
Equal to "EBITDA" divided by 
"Revenue". The number for the 
consolidated accounts is on page 10 
of the 2021 Annual Report. 
A measure of a company's profitability 
margin. 
Equity ratio 
Equal to "Equity" divided by "Total 
assets", as defined on page 150 of the 
2021 Annual Report. 
An indicator of the company's solidity. 
Free cash flow 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures the amount of cash flow generated 
from the business activities which can be 
used for acquisitions, debt repayment, 
dividend and share buybacks.  
Gross profit 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report and as disclosed on 
page 50 of the 2021 Annual Report. 
Measures the profitability of the Company 
after variable costs and loss on debtors. 
Invested capital, group 
Equal to "Total non-interest-bearing 
assets" 
less 
"Non-interest-bearing 
liabilities"; key figure disclosed on 
page 10 of the 2021 Annual Report. 
Measures the amount of capital invested in 
both segments and non-segments.  
Invested capital, segment 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures segment assets less segment 
liabilities.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity reserve 
As defined on page 112 of the 2021 
Annual Report. As of 31 December 
2021, Liquidity reserve is defined as 
undrawn 
committed 
revolving 
facilities with more than one year to 
expiry, securities, term deposits and 
cash and bank balances, excluding 
securities and balances in countries 
with exchange control or other 
restrictions. 
Measures the amount of liquidity that is 
available to the company. 
Net interest-bearing debt 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. Net interest-bearing 
debt 
equals 
interest-bearing 
debt 
including lease liabilities, fair value of 
derivatives hedging the underlying 
debt, less cash and bank balances as 
well as other interest-bearing assets, 
amounted to (USD 1.5 billion) net 
cash position as of 31 December 
2021, as disclosed on page 112 of the 
2021 Annual Report. 
Measures the financial leverage of the 
company. 
Net interest expenses  
As reconciled on page 107 of the 
2021 Annual Report. 
Measures the net cost of the company's 
financial liabilities. 
Recognised freight revenue  
Equal to revenue for Ocean from 
freight, and together with other 
revenue comprising the total revenue 
for Ocean, as disclosed on page 44 of 
the 2021 Annual Report. 
Measures the amount of Ocean's revenue 
derived from shipping activities. 
Return on invested capital 
after tax (ROIC)  
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. It is the profit/loss for 
the year before financial items (EBIT) 
but after tax on EBIT, divided by the 
average invested capital. 
A measure of the ability of the company to 
generate a return on the capital invested. 
Revenue backlog  
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures the value of future revenue covered 
by contracts. 
Underlying profit/loss 
As defined on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. 
Measures the profitability from continuing 
operations adjusted for net gains/losses from 
sale 
of 
non-current 
assets, 
etc., 
net 
impairment losses as well as restructuring 
and integration costs related to major 
transactions. 
Underlying ROIC 
The underlying profit/loss for the year 
before financial items but after tax on 
A measure of the ability of the company to 
generate a return on the capital invested.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
 
underlying EBIT, divided by the 
average invested capital. The number 
for the consolidated accounts is on 
page 10 of the 2021 Annual Report. 
Underlying EBITDA 
EBITDA adjusted for restructuring 
and integration costs related to major 
transactions. The number for the 
consolidated accounts is on page 10 
of the 2021 Annual Report. 
Measures earnings adjusted for restructuring 
and integration costs related to major 
transactions, 
before 
interest, 
taxes, 
depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
losses, etc. 
Underlying EBITDA margin 
Equal 
to 
"Underlying 
EBITDA" 
divided by "Revenue". The number 
for the consolidated accounts is on 
page 10 of the 2021 Annual Report. 
A measure of a company's profitability 
margin. 
Underlying EBIT 
EBIT adjusted for net gains/losses 
from sale of non-current assets, etc., 
and net impairment losses as well as 
restructuring and integration costs 
related to major transactions. The 
number for the consolidated accounts 
is on page 10 of the 2021 Annual 
Report. 
Measures 
earnings 
adjusted 
for 
net 
gains/losses from sale of non-current assets, 
etc., net impairment losses as well as 
restructuring and integration costs related to 
major transactions, before interest and taxes. 
Underlying EBIT margin 
Equal to "Underlying EBIT" divided 
by "Revenue". The number for the 
consolidated accounts is on page 10 
of the 2021 Annual Report. 
A measure of a company's profitability 
margin. 
Unit cost (fixed bunker) 
As defined under "Ocean, unit cost, 
fixed bunker (USD per FFE incl. VSA 
income)" on page 150 of the 2021 
Annual Report. EBIT cost excluding 
gain/loss, 
restructuring 
cost, 
associated 
companies 
share 
and 
including VSA income per FFE 
carried (Unit cost) where the bunker 
cost depends on a fixed price of USD 
200 per ton.  
Measures the cost efficiency of container 
shipping, excluding the variability in the 
bunker price.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
ISSUER 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S 
Esplanaden 50 
DK-1098 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
VP AGENTS 
VPS 
VP 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland 
Issuer Services 
Grønjordsvej 10 
Essendrops gate 7 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
0368 Oslo 
Denmark 
Norway 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Danish law 
Linklaters LLP 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
One Silk Street 
Axeltorv 2 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
United Kingdom 
Denmark 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Strandvejen 44 
DK-2900 Hellerup 
Denmark

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
One Molesworth Street 
Edificio Encinar 
Dublin 2 
Avenida de Cantabria 
Ireland D02 RF29 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
51 rue La Boétie 
75009 Paris  
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
Reuterweg 16 
CS 70052 - 92547  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Danske Bank A/S 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Germany 
Denmark 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
38, avenue Kléber 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
75116 Paris 
Germany 
France 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Foppingadreef 7 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
The Netherlands 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Taunustor 1 
25 Cabot Square 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Canary Wharf 
Germany 
London E14 4QA 
 
United Kingdom

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
Nordea Bank Abp 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Zuidplein 98 
Helsinki 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
FI-00020 Nordea 
The Netherlands 
Finland 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ) 
Société Générale 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
106 40 Stockholm 
75009 Paris 
Sweden 
France 
 
 
 Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg