--- Page 1 ---
10202450003-v87 
 
75-40744906 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
APICORP SUKUK LIMITED 
(an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), APICORP Sukuk Limited (in its capacity as issuer, the "Issuer" and, in its 
capacity as trustee, the "Trustee"), subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust certificates (the "Certificates"), 
each of which shall represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets (as defined below), in any currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below).
Each Tranche (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Certificates as set out in this Base Prospectus (the "Conditions")) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be 
constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the "Master Trust Deed") dated 12 October 2021 entered into between the Trustee, Arab Petroleum Investments 
Corporation ("APICORP") and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as delegate of the Trustee (the "Delegate", which expression shall include all persons for the 
time being the delegate or delegates under such Master Trust Deed); and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") in relation to the relevant Tranche. 
Certificates of each Series (as defined herein) confer on the holders thereof from time to time (the "Certificateholders") the right to receive certain payments (as more particularly 
described herein) arising from the relevant Trust Assets (as defined herein). The Trustee holds the Trust Assets for each Series upon trust absolutely for and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders of such Series pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder. 
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Trustee (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in 
this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee, APICORP or the quality of the Certificates that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Certificates issued under this Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list 
(the "Official List") and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Trustee shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.  
The Certificates will be delisted from the Official List and/or any other of further stock exchanges following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, see Condition 8.5 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right)). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") under the DFSA's Markets Rule 2.6 and is therefore an Approved Prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 14 of the DFSA's Markets Law 2012. Application has also been made to the DFSA for certain Certificates issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities (the "DFSA Official List") maintained by the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai 
for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that: (a) such Certificates have been admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai 
and have been admitted to the DFSA Official List; and/or (b) such Certificates have been admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and have been admitted to 
the Official List. 
The Programme provides that Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between 
the Trustee, APICORP and the relevant Dealer. The Trustee may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on any market. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates, periodic distribution amounts (if any) payable in respect of the Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (the "applicable Final Terms") which: (i) with respect to Certificates to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin; and (ii) with respect to Certificates to be listed on Nasdaq Dubai, will be delivered to the DFSA 
and Nasdaq Dubai. 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined below), unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable security laws of any state of the 
United States. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Certificates and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Trustee and APICORP may agree with any Dealer that Certificates may be issued with terms and conditions not contemplated by the Conditions of the Certificates herein, in 
which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Certificates. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Executive Shari'a Committee of HSBC Saudi Arabia, the 
Global Shari'a Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank and the Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee (together, the "Shari'a advisers"). 
Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own Shari'a advisers as to 
whether the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Shari'a principles. None of the Trustee, 
APICORP, the Dealers, the Delegate or any of the Agents makes any representation as to the Shari'a compliance of the Certificates and/or any trading thereof. 
APICORP has been assigned long term ratings of Aa2 (stable) by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and AA (stable) by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch"). Moody's is 
established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by Moody's has 
been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited and has not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). Fitch Ratings Ltd.is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EU and has not applied for registration 
under the EU CRA Regulation. The rating assigned by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and has not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland limited is 
established in the EU and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") website at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Fitch and Moody's Investors Service Limited appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's 
(the "FCA") Financial Services Register. The rating of certain Series of Certificates to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
10202450003-v87 
 
75-40744906 
 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Amounts payable under the Certificates may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether 
or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "Benchmark Regulation". 
Arrangers 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
Bank ABC 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
Gulf International Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
SNB Capital 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 October 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10202450003-v87 
- i - 
75-40744906 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law (DIFC Law No. 1 of 
2012) and Chapter 2 of the Markets Rules and comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base 
Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of this 
Base Prospectus lies with each of the Trustee and APICORP and other persons, such as experts, whose 
opinions are included in this Base Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the 
suitability of the Certificates issued under this Programme to which this Base Prospectus relates to any 
particular investor or type of investor and has not determined whether they are Shari'a compliant. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether the Certificates issued under this 
Programme to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and 
circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Each of the Trustee and APICORP accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Certificates issued under the Programme. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Trustee and APICORP, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. The 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Each Tranche of Certificates will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" as completed by the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed 
together with any supplements hereto, and, in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, the applicable Final 
Terms. Copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of each of the 
Trustee and APICORP and the specified office set out below of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined 
herein). 
Certain information contained in "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Group" (as indicated therein) has 
been extracted from independent, third party sources. Each of the Trustee and APICORP confirms that all 
third party information contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of any third party information contained in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information 
appears in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers or the Delegate has independently verified the information contained or incorporated 
by reference herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Trustee or APICORP in connection with the Programme. None of the 
Dealers or the Delegate accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee or APICORP in 
connection with the Programme, nor is any responsibility or liability accepted by them for any acts or 
omissions of the Trustee, APICORP or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with 
the Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of Certificates under the Programme. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or 
for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with 
APICORP, or the issue and offering of the Certificates. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee, APICORP, the Dealers or the Delegate to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Certificates and, if given or made,

--- Page 4 ---
10202450003-v87 
- ii - 
75-40744906 
 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Trustee, 
APICORP, the Dealers or the Delegate. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Certificates: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation save for making an 
investment decision on the Certificates; or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Trustee, 
APICORP, the Dealers or the Delegate that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Certificates should purchase any Certificates. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Certificates should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Trustee and 
APICORP. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Certificates constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Trustee, 
APICORP, any of the Dealers or the Delegate to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Certificates. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale of any Certificates shall, under any circumstances, 
constitute a representation or create any implication that the information contained herein concerning the 
Trustee and/or APICORP is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Delegate and the Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or APICORP during the life of the Programme or 
to advise any investor in the Certificates of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Certificates 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. None of the Trustee, APICORP, the Dealers or the Delegate represents that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Trustee, APICORP, the Dealers or the Delegate which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Cayman Islands, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, 
Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar, the Sultanate of 
Oman and the PRC, see "Subscription and Sale". 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be 
made by the Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Trustee in such jurisdiction. 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Certificates 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact the Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 5 ---
10202450003-v87 
- iii - 
75-40744906 
 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Certificates, including Certificates with principal or profit (howsoever described) payable in one 
or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or profit (howsoever described) is different 
from the potential Investor's Currency (as defined herein); 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Certificates which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined 
below) save that, if the relevant Certificates are either (A) not listed on the Official List and neither admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other regulated market in the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
or (B) not listed on the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates and such 
Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Principal 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Certificates and identity. 
In the case of any Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Certificates). 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Trustee 
and APICORP and the terms of the Certificates being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Certificates have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have 
the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is 
unlawful. 
None of the Dealers, the Trustee, APICORP or the Delegate makes any representation to any investor in 
the Certificates regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the 
Certificates should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Certificates for an indefinite 
period of time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (a) the 
Certificates are legal investments for it; (b) the Certificates can be used as collateral for various types of 
financing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
the Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, one or more relevant Dealers (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Certificates at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and, if begun, may cease at any

--- Page 6 ---
10202450003-v87 
- iv - 
75-40744906 
 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The financial statements relating to the Group and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are: 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the notes thereto and the audit report in respect thereof (the "2020 
Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the notes thereto and the audit report in respect thereof (the "2019 
Financial Statements" and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the "Financial 
Statements"). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") and interpretations issued 
by the International Financial Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee of the IASB (together, 
"IFRS"). 
APICORP's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to" 2020", "2019" 
and "2018" are to the 12-month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
AUDITORS AND UNAUDITED INFORMATION 
The Financial Statements have been audited by KPMG Fakhro, independent auditors, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing, who have issued an unqualified report on each of the Financial 
Statements. The business address of KPMG Fakhro is 12th Floor, Fakhro Towers, PO Box 710, Manama, 
Kingdom of Bahrain. KPMG Fakhro is registered with the Ministry of Industry and Commerce in Bahrain. 
Some of the professionals of KPMG Fakhro are members of the Bahrain Accountants Association and/or 
international professional bodies. 
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus is unaudited financial information which has been 
extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Group which form the underlying 
basis of the Financial Statements. 
CERTAIN NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS and which also constitutes alternative performance measures ("APMs") as defined in the 
European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. None of this 
financial information is subject to any audit or review by independent auditors. 
Capital ratios 
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital ratios, such as total and tier 1 capital ratios. Although 
these ratios are not IFRS measures, APICORP believes that they are important to understanding its capital 
position. APICORP's interpretation of any future planned ratios and the basis of its calculation of these 
ratios may be different from those of other financial institutions. See "Selected financial information – 
Selected financial ratios (APMs)". 
Although the Group is not subject to any regulatory-imposed capital regime, APICORP calculates its capital 
ratios at Group level in accordance with Basel II methodology.

--- Page 7 ---
10202450003-v87 
- v - 
75-40744906 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
• 
"Establishing Agreement" are to the establishing agreement and statute for APICORP dated 23 
November 1975 to which the governments of the 10 OAPEC Member States are signatories; 
• 
"EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to time; 
• 
"GCC" are to the Gulf Co-Operation Council; 
• 
the "Group" are to APICORP and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates; 
• 
"ID" are to the lawful currency of Iraq; 
• 
"LD" are to the lawful currency of Libya; 
• 
"LE" are to the lawful currency of Egypt; 
• 
a "Member State" are, unless the context does not permit, references to a Member State of the 
European Economic Area; 
• 
"MENA" are to the Middle East and North Africa region; 
• 
"OAPEC" are to Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
• 
"OAPEC Member State" are to each of the 10 member states of OAPEC, being the Democratic 
and Popular Republic of Algeria ("Algeria"), the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain"), the Arab 
Republic of Egypt ("Egypt"), the Republic of Iraq ("Iraq"), the State of Kuwait ("Kuwait"), the 
State of Libya ("Libya"), the State of Qatar ("Qatar"), the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudi 
Arabia"), the Syrian Arab Republic ("Syria") and the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE"); 
• 
"PRC" are to the People's Republic of China; 
• 
"Relevant Jurisdictions" means each of the Cayman Islands, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Libya, Iraq, the State of Qatar, Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt and 
Syria; 
• 
"Renminbi", "CNH", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the currency of the PRC; 
• 
"SR" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; 
• 
"TD" are to the lawful currency of Tunisia; and 
• 
"U.S.$" or "U.S. dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Additionally, the figure "0" is used to indicate that a specific figure has been rounded to zero, whereas a 
dash indicates that there is no value for that column or row. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning APICORP's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations 
and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", 
"may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These

--- Page 8 ---
10202450003-v87 
- vi - 
75-40744906 
 
forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk factors – Factors that may affect 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme" and 
"Description of the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. APICORP has based these forward 
looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although APICORP believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its 
forward looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks 
or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which APICORP has otherwise identified 
in this Base Prospectus, or if APICORP's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, 
APICORP's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. Investors 
are therefore strongly advised to read the sections "Risk factors – Factors that may affect APICORP's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme" and "Description of the Group", 
which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on the Group's business 
development and on the industry sectors in which the Group operates. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the outcome of the COVID 19 pandemic on the global economy and the economies of the GCC 
and other countries and the impact this may have on the Group; 
• 
the level of international oil and gas prices which are subject to significant fluctuations for reasons 
that are beyond APICORP's control; 
• 
APICORP's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments it is 
undertaking or plans to undertake; 
• 
APICORP's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments and capital expenditures; 
• 
actions taken by APICORP's joint venture partners or associates that may not be in accordance 
with its policies and objectives; 
• 
the economic conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees operate; and 
• 
changes in political, social or legal conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees 
operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, APICORP 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward 
looking statement is based. 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for 
certain entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits "banking entities" (which is broadly 
defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together 
with their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring 
or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund", and (iii) entering into certain 
relationships with "covered funds". The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any 
prospective investor in the Certificates and any entity that is a "banking entity" as defined under the Volcker 
Rule which is considering an investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisors and 
consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by "banking 
entities" in the Certificates is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the 
marketability and liquidity of such Certificates. No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker 
Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and 
accordingly none of the Trustee, APICORP, the Arrangers, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers, or any 
of their respective affiliates makes any representation regarding (a) the status of the Trustee under the 
Volcker Rule (including whether it is a "covered fund" for their purposes) or (b) the ability of any purchaser 
to acquire or hold the Certificates, now or at any time in the future.

--- Page 9 ---
10202450003-v87 
- vii - 
75-40744906 
 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme which do not constitute "alternative finance investment 
bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) 2001 (SI 2001/544) as amended, will represent interests in a collective investment 
scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) which has 
not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the 
general public in the United Kingdom.  
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and any other 
marketing materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the distribution 
of the Certificates (whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an 
authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons who are Investment 
Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the 
categories of persons described in Article 49 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) 
of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made 
in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if the Certificates are not AFIBs and the 
distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following 
persons: (i) persons falling within one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 
14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) 
(Exemptions) Order 2001 (the "Promotion of CISs Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the 
categories of person described in Article 22 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) 
of the Promotion of CISs Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be promoted. 
Persons of any other description in the United Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely on this 
Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Potential investors in the United Kingdom in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections 
afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and 
that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom Financial Services Compensation 
Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should 
consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated with making such 
an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such 
investment. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public in the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Certificates and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to 
any member of the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificates. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB") in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any 
equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Certificates, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as 
such term is defined by the CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.

--- Page 10 ---
10202450003-v87 
- viii - 
75-40744906 
 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Certificates to be offered for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or 
made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, 
and this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed 
in Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories set out in Part 1 of Schedule 6 or Section 
229(1)(b), Part 1 of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with 
Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia as may be amended 
and/or varied from time to time and subject to any amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Trustee 
or APICORP and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or 
reports expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered 
with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the 
State of Qatar. The Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Certificates 
and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not 
constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the 
Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Certificates may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Certificates pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) (the "SFA"). The 
Trustee will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Certificates being 
offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Certificates will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID 
II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and 
which channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering,

--- Page 11 ---
10202450003-v87 
- ix - 
75-40744906 
 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and 
which channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 12 ---
10202450003-v87 
 
75-40744906 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 24 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 25 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS ...................................................................................... 32 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES ............................................................................................................. 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ........................................................................ 50 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ....................................................................................................... 100 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 102 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 119 
CAPITALISATION ................................................................................................................................. 127 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 128 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS OF APICORP ........................................................................................................... 130 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 150 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................. 157 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 173 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 175 
BENCHMARK REGULATION .............................................................................................................. 181 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 183

--- Page 13 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 1 - 
75-40744906 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Trustee and APICORP believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of the Certificates issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur and neither the Trustee nor APICORP is in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. References herein to the "Trustee" shall mean APICORP 
Sukuk Limited acting in any capacity, except where the context does not permit. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Certificates issued under the Programme are also described below. 
If any of the risks described below actually materialise, the Trustee, APICORP and/or the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. If that 
were to occur, the trading price of the Certificates could decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Each of the Trustee and APICORP believes that the factors described below represent all the material risks 
inherent in investing in the Certificates issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Trustee or 
APICORP to pay periodic distribution amounts, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Certificates may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Trustee and 
APICORP based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Potential investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE TRUSTEE'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Trustee was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 4 May 2015 as an exempted 
company with limited liability. The Trustee will not engage in any business activity other than the issuance 
of Certificates under the Programme, the acquisition of the Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the 
capacity of Trustee, the issuance of shares in its capital and other activities incidental or related to the 
foregoing as required under the Transaction Documents (as defined herein). 
The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on any Certificates will be dependent upon receipt by it from 
APICORP of all amounts due under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which, in the 
aggregate, may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the relevant Certificates and the Transaction 
Documents. As a result, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which APICORP is subject, to the extent 
such risks could limit APICORP's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis, its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. See "– Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents" for a further description of these risks. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT APICORP'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, 
entities engaged in the oil and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States, 
which exposes it to significant economic and political risks 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, entities 
engaged in the oil and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States. As a result, the 
Group is exposed to a significant and lasting decline in oil and gas prices, such as that seen between mid-
2014 and the start of 2017, which is likely to adversely affect both its borrowers (as further described under 
"The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially increases its 
economic risks") and the economies of those of the OAPEC Member States which are heavily dependent 
on the energy sector. Additionally, the Group is also exposed to adverse political developments in or 
affecting any of the OAPEC Member States including, in particular, the GCC countries, Egypt and Syria 
(as further described under "The Group's business is concentrated in geographical terms, which materially 
increases its political risks"). 
Either one or more of these developments could materially negatively impact the business of the Group's 
equity investees or the ability of the Group's borrowers to pay interest or principal on their loans and could 
give rise to an increase in non-performing loans ("NPLs") in the Group's portfolio of loans and advances.

--- Page 14 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 2 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Group defines NPLs as loans and advances which it internally rates as DDD or below, see "Risk 
management—Credit risk management—Credit rating and measurement". 
Any increase in the Group's NPLs would in turn be likely to result in an increase in the Group's impairment 
charges that could adversely affect its profitability. 
Either of the developments described above would also be likely to result in: 
(i) 
an adverse effect on the value of the equity investments which the Group has made which could 
negatively affect the Group's other comprehensive income and could also result in certain 
investments being impaired; 
(ii) 
an adverse effect on the ability of the Group's equity investee companies to pay dividends to the 
Group; and/or 
(iii) 
potentially material losses if the Group is forced to divest such investments. 
In particular, since COVID 19 was first identified in China in late 2019 it has spread rapidly, infecting people 
around the world and causing a substantial number of deaths. Almost all countries that have been 
significantly affected have introduced measures to try to contain the spread of the virus, including temporary 
border closures and imposing restrictions on the movement of their citizens. The measures have adversely 
affected the economies of countries around the world. Since it was first identified, new variants of COVID 19 
have been identified and outbreaks of the virus have recurred in many countries, involving further restrictions 
being imposed to combat the virus. It is currently unclear how long any restrictions will be in place in any 
country and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies, as well as the oil and gas and 
energy industries on which the Group is focused. 
Further, international oil prices fell significantly in March and April 2020, in part driven by the failure of a 
plan proposed by OPEC officials to both the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC countries, including 
Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending the three-year 
partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC providers. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to 
extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. 
On 10 April 2020, OPEC announced an OPEC plus agreement designed to end the price war between 
Russia and Saudi Arabia. Nevertheless, oil prices continued to fall following the announcement as traders 
feared that the deal would not offset a historic drop in demand due to the COVID 19 outbreak. Oil prices 
gradually recovered from May 2020, see "—The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and 
energy sectors, which materially increases its economic risks" below for a more detailed discussion of the 
trends in oil prices. Low oil prices are a particular threat to countries whose economies are dependent on 
their oil production. 
The Group's results of operations were adversely impacted in 2020 by COVID 19 and low oil prices. In 
particular, (i) the impact on its borrowers and debt investees resulted in impairment losses of U.S.$19.0 
million on loans and advances in 2020 compared to no such impairment losses in 2019, (ii) its dividend 
income from its equity investees fell by U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and 
its net interest income fell by U.S.$25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally 
driven by lower interest rates on its bank financing. 
The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially 
increases its economic risks 
As at 31 December 2020, 40.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion loans and advances were to 
borrowers in the oil and gas and energy industries (including maritime transport of related products). A 
breakdown of the Group's loan portfolio by sub-sector within these sectors is set out under "Management's 
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of certain 
statement of financial position items—Loans and advances—Portfolio sector and sub-sector 
concentration". In addition, most of the Group's U.S.$859.7 million equity securities held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") as at 31 December 2020 were issued by entities in the oil 
and gas and energy sectors and, as at the same date, the Group also owned U.S.$209.0 million in FVOCI 
debt securities issued by entities in the oil and gas sector. 
The oil and gas industry, in particular, has historically been cyclical with levels of investment and 
profitability in that sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which

--- Page 15 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 3 - 
75-40744906 
 
have fluctuated significantly over the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future. This 
volatility can be illustrated using the OPEC reference basket price, which is a price based on the average 
of the prices of petroleum blends that are produced by OPEC member countries. According to data produced 
by OPEC, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2018, 2019 and 2020 were U.S.$69.78 per 
barrel, U.S.$64.04 per barrel and U.S.$41.47 per barrel, respectively. In 2020 the average monthly OPEC 
reference basket price was U.S.$65.10 per barrel in January and fell to U.S.$33.92 per barrel in March and 
U.S.$17.66 per barrel in April. The average monthly OPEC reference basket price then generally increased 
throughout 2020 (with small dips in September and October) and was U.S.$49.17 in December 2020. The 
monthly average OPEC reference basket price continued to recover in 2021 and was U.S.$73.34 as at 30 
June 2021. In comparison, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices were around U.S.$100 in each 
of the four years preceding 2015 and were U.S.$49.49 in 2015, U.S.$40.76 in 2016 and U.S.$52.43 in 2017. 
Oil and gas prices may fluctuate in response to changes in many factors over which the Group has no 
control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
• 
economic and political developments in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East, the 
United States and Russia; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand dynamics, and expectations regarding future supply and 
demand, for oil and gas products; 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other oil and gas producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
• 
other actions taken by major oil and gas producing or consuming countries; 
• 
increased utilisation of renewable or other energy sources or the widespread adoption of 
technologies which reduce demand for oil and gas; 
• 
global economic and political conditions; 
• 
natural disasters or pandemics such as the current COVID 19 pandemic; and 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
The Group mainly invests in longer-term projects. Significant and sustained declines in international oil 
and gas prices could materially and adversely impact the economics of the projects being financed by the 
Group, which could result in the projects being restructured or, in extreme cases, becoming unviable. In all 
cases where there is a significant and sustained decline in oil and gas prices, the Group is likely: 
• 
to experience reduced dividend income from its equity investments - for example the Group's 
dividend income from its equity investments was U.S.$47.0 million in 2020, U.S.$67.7 million in 
2019 and U.S.$56.4 million in 2018; and/or 
• 
to incur impairment losses on its lending to, and equity investments in, these projects, which could 
adversely affect its profitability. 
In addition, the fair value of the Group's debt securities issued at FVOCI by oil and gas sector entities may 
be adversely affected by a sustained decline in the oil and gas sector which could result in significant other 
comprehensive losses and, potentially, impairment charges. 
Reflecting the above, any future substantial decline in the oil and gas prices could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is concentrated in geographical terms, which materially increases its political 
risks 
As at 31 December 2020, 81.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion direct and syndicated lending was 
to borrowers in the GCC countries and a further 6.4 per cent. was to borrowers in North Africa, principally 
Egypt. A geographical breakdown of the Group's portfolio of loans and advances is set out under

--- Page 16 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 4 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances—Portfolio geographical 
concentration". In addition, 91.9 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.0 billion direct and indirect equity 
investments (See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Equity investment portfolio") as at 
31 December 2020 were in Arab world countries, with seven out of a total of 19 Arab world direct equity 
investments being in companies in Saudi Arabia, three in Egypt, two in Libya, two in Kuwait and one each 
in Bahrain, Iraq, Tunisia, Jordan and the UAE, as well as an investment in the IFC Fund to invest in the 
MENA region. As at the same date, the Group also had U.S.$1,177.3 million in FVOCI debt securities 
issued by entities in the GCC and U.S.$316.0 million in placements with banks in the GCC. 
While some countries in the MENA region are seen as having a relatively stable political environment, a 
number of other jurisdictions in that region are not. Instability in the MENA region may result from a 
number of factors, including government or military regime change, civil unrest and terrorism. In particular, 
since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of MENA region countries, including Algeria, 
Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Syria (all of which are OAPEC Member States) and Jordan, 
Palestine, Oman, Tunisia and Yemen (which are not OAPEC Member States). This unrest has ranged from 
public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and the overthrow of existing leadership and has 
given rise to increased political uncertainty across the MENA region. There is an ongoing civil war in 
Libya, with multiple sides claiming to be the legitimate government in the country. Conflict in Yemen has 
expanded into a multinational conflict, with GCC countries becoming involved in military operations 
against the Al Houthi militia. Unrest in Syria and conflicts between multiple sides (including the 
government of Bashar al-Assad, numerous rebel groups and 'Islamic State of Iraq and Syria') have led to 
many countries, including Russia, Iran, the United States and other North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
forces, becoming involved with military operations in Syria, supporting different sides. 
Diplomatic relations between GCC nations and Qatar have also deteriorated with many GCC nations cutting 
full diplomatic ties. In June 2017, three GCC countries, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain, and two other 
regional countries, Egypt and Yemen, severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, cut transport links and imposed 
sanctions on Qatar. The stated rationale for these actions was Qatar's support of terrorist and extremist 
organisations and Qatar's interference in the internal affairs of other countries. In January 2021, diplomatic 
relations were restored between the countries applying sanctions and Qatar. 
The Group does not have operations in any of the countries currently affected by armed conflict, except in 
Libya where it has a direct equity investment in Arab Drilling and Workover Company (20 per cent. of 
equity), which has been revalued following its resumption of operations, and a direct equity investment in 
Arab Geophysical Exploration Services Company (16.7 per cent. of equity), which has been fully impaired. 
These investments together amount to less than 1.0 per cent. of APICORP's direct and indirect equity 
investment portfolio. See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Equity investment 
portfolio". 
There is no certainty that extremists or terrorist groups will not escalate violent activities in the MENA 
region or that any currently stable governments in the MENA region will be successful in maintaining the 
prevailing levels of domestic order and stability. It is not generally possible to predict the occurrence of 
events or circumstances, such as war or hostilities, or the impact of these occurrences, and no assurance 
can be given that the Group will be able to sustain the profitable operation of its business if adverse political 
events or circumstances that impact the countries in which it has significant investments occur. By way of 
example, in September 2019, drones were used to attack the state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Company 
("ARAMCO") oil processing facilities at Abqaiq and Khurais in eastern Saudi Arabia, causing a significant 
loss of production. 
Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected 
by political, economic or related developments outside the MENA region because of inter-relationships 
within the global financial markets. Moreover, there is no certainty that the governments of the countries 
to which the Group is particularly exposed will not implement restrictive fiscal or monetary policies or 
regulations, including changes with respect to interest rates and new legal interpretations of existing 
regulations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group.

--- Page 17 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 5 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Group conducts a significant proportion of its business with related parties 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders and the Group conducts a significant amount of 
business with companies that are controlled by the shareholders or over which the shareholders have 
significant influence and which are classified as related parties of the Group accordingly. 
As at 31 December 2020, 73.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion loans and advances outstanding 
were made to related parties. As at the same date, 96.4 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.0 billion direct and 
indirect equity investments were in entities that are related parties. In addition, 99.9 per cent. of the Group's 
U.S.$137.9 million total deposits as at 31 December 2020 were from related parties. 
Although it is the Group's policy that loans to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates 
and subject to normal commercial negotiation as to terms and the Group applies defined criteria to making 
direct equity investments, no assurance can be given that the Group would not have obtained more 
favourable terms from loans to, or direct equity investments in, third parties. In addition, it is possible that 
the Group may, in the future, be influenced in its decision to advance a loan or make a direct equity 
investment in a related party by virtue of its relationship with the relevant shareholder which owns or 
significantly influences the prospective investee. 
The Group has significant client concentrations in its portfolio of loans and advances 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's 10 largest loan exposures accounted for 35.9 per cent. of its lending 
portfolio. In addition to its credit exposure, the Group also had an equity investment in one of these clients. 
As a result, if any of these major clients is materially adversely affected, whether by low hydrocarbon 
prices, adverse economic or political conditions, or other factors, such that its ability to make payments to 
the Group is affected, this could result in a material increase in the Group's impairment charges and 
adversely affect its profitability and therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group is exposed to significant credit risk as a result of its lending activities and investments in 
fixed income securities 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's portfolio of loans and advances amounted to U.S.$3,914.2 million, 
or 49.6 per cent. of its total assets, its investments in debt securities at FVOCI amounted to U.S.$2,324.8 
million, or 29.5 per cent. of its total assets, and its commitments to underwrite and fund loans amounted to 
U.S.$1,820.6 million, or 96.9 per cent. of its total off-balance sheet commitments and exposures. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial exposure or 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. Credit risks arising from adverse changes in the credit 
quality and recoverability of financings and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range 
of the Group's businesses. The Group regularly reviews and analyses its portfolio of loans and advances 
and other credit risks, and the Group's provision for losses on its loans and advances is based on, among 
other things, its analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and loan management and the valuation 
of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal 
analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a 
volatile economic climate. See "—The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may 
leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks" below. 
Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties, from a general 
deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the financial system in 
which the Group operates. Any of these factors could affect the recoverability and value of the Group's 
credit-related assets, result in an increase in NPLs and require an increase in impairment provisions, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
A substantial increase in impairment provisions related to the Group's loans and advances or the 
occurrence of losses greater than the previously recorded impairment provisions in respect of such 
lending would have a material adverse effect on the Group 
In connection with its loans and advances, the Group periodically establishes impairment allowances for 
losses, which are recorded in its income statement under "impairment losses on financial instruments, net". 
The Group's overall level of impairment provisioning against its loans and advances is based upon its 
assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of financing advanced to its customers, the amount 
and type of collateral held, industry standards, ageing/past due loans, economic conditions in its borrowers'

--- Page 18 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 6 - 
75-40744906 
 
markets and other factors related to the recoverability of the financing. The Group seeks to make an 
appropriate level of provision for credit losses based on management's best estimate of the amount of loss 
expected to be incurred, however the Group may have to significantly increase its impairment provision for 
credit losses in the future as a result of any increase in NPLs or adverse economic conditions leading to 
increases in customers defaults, or for other reasons. In 2020, the Group recorded impairment losses on 
loans and advances of U.S.$19.0 million compared to no such impairment losses in 2019. 
On 1 January 2018, the Group adopted IFRS 9: Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") which, among other 
things, introduces an 'expected credit loss' model for the measurement of the impairment of financial assets, 
such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before a credit loss is recognised. The 
implementation of IFRS 9 on the Group's calculation of impairment allowances resulted in an increase in 
impairment charges to U.S.$35.5 million as at 1 January 2018. The adoption of IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018 
also resulted in a decrease in retained earnings by U.S.$11.4 million and fair value reserve by U.S.$1.3 
million which resulted from the reclassification of financial instruments. In addition, the impairment 
allowance transition arrangements under IFRS 9 resulted in a 0.6 per cent. reduction in the opening balance 
of the Group's equity as at 1 January 2018. 
A significant increase in the Group's impairment charges or any change in its estimate of the risk of loss 
inherent in its syndicated and direct lending portfolio, as well as the occurrence of credit-related losses in 
excess of its impairment provisions, could have a material adverse effect the Group in future periods. 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations, including funding 
commitments, when they fall due or will only be able to secure funding at excessive cost which then 
adversely impacts its profitability. Liquidity risk arises from the inability to manage unplanned decreases 
or changes in funding sources. 
Since the global financial crisis, financial institutions have continued to experience periods of reduced 
liquidity due to a variety of factors. The Group's funding principally comprises: 
• 
borrowing through the issue of securities in the form of conventional debt securities and sukuk, 
which amounted to U.S.$3,602.1 million, and constituted 68.4 per cent. of its total funding, as at 
31 December 2020; 
• 
term-borrowings from financial institutions, which amounted to U.S.$1,171.9 million, and 
constituted 22.3 per cent. of its total funding, as at 31 December 2020; 
• 
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which amounted to U.S.$352.1 million, and 
constituted 6.7 per cent. of its total funding, at 31 December 2020; and 
• 
deposits which it accepts from corporates, as well as from the shareholders and from banks, which 
amounted to U.S.$137.9 million, and constituted 2.6 per cent. of its total funding, at 31 December 
2020. 
The Group's ability to continue to obtain financing and the cost of such financing are dependent on 
numerous factors including general economic and market conditions, international interest rates, credit 
availability from banks or other lenders, investor confidence in the Group and the success of the Group's 
business. There can be no assurance that external financing, either on a short-term or long-term basis and 
whether to fund new loans and advances or investments or to repay existing financing, will be available or, 
if available, that such financing will be obtainable on terms that are not onerous to the Group. 
If appropriate sources of financing are not available or are only available on onerous terms and the Group 
does not have sufficient operating cash flow or cash generated from asset monetisations, this could 
adversely affect the Group's business through increased borrowing costs. In addition, the Group may be 
forced, amongst other measures, to do one or more of the following: 
• 
delay or reduce lending and investment expenditures; 
• 
forgo business opportunities; 
• 
sell assets on less than optimal terms; or

--- Page 19 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 7 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity, each of which could 
adversely affect its business. 
The Group's deposits are typically short-term in nature, with all of its deposits being demand deposits or 
deposits with maturities of up to three months at 31 December 2020. Accordingly, there is a risk that if a 
significant number of the Group's depositors choose not to roll over their deposits at any time or withdraw 
their deposits at a rate faster than the rate at which obligors repay financing provided by the Group, the 
Group could experience difficulties in funding those lost deposits. The risk of this happening is likely to 
increase at times of poor economic performance or material declines in oil and gas prices when the Group's 
customers are more likely to need cash and, at those times, it is likely to be more expensive for the Group 
to fund those withdrawals from other sources. 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had less than five depositors. Any withdrawal of all or a significant 
portion of any of these large deposits may have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments involve specific risks 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments involve specific risks relating to the returns that the 
Group derives, its ability to realise the investments and the fact that it has limited involvement in the 
management and operations of its investee companies. In particular: 
• 
the Group derives a considerable portion of its income from dividends from its equity investments 
and there is no certainty that dividends will be paid or as to the amount of any dividends that are 
paid. In 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's dividend income from its equity investments amounted 
to U.S.$47.0 million, U.S.$67.7 million and U.S.$56.4 million, respectively, equal to 26.6 per 
cent., 41.3 per cent. and 22.3 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total income in each year. 
Almost all of the companies in the Group's direct equity investment portfolio are directly or 
indirectly related to the oil and gas sector, which is cyclical by nature. Material and sustained 
reductions in international oil and gas prices are likely to have a significant impact on the Group's 
equity investees' income and profitability and therefore are likely to result in those investees 
declaring significantly lower or no dividends, which could result in a material reduction in the 
Group's income, profitability and cash flows. In addition, the spill over effect of lower oil and gas 
revenues for GCC economies has triggered a move by those countries to reduce government 
subsidies on local consumption of petrochemicals for both industrial and residential consumers. 
This, plus the deregulation of petrol prices in many GCC countries and the rise in global shale gas 
exports, has squeezed the operating margins of petrochemical facilities. This is likely to have a 
significant impact on certain of the Group's investees' income and profitability, which in turn may 
also have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
• 
The majority of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are not listed on an active 
market and are therefore illiquid. The value of the Group's equity investment portfolio (which 
principally comprises equity securities held at FVOCI but also includes two subsidiaries, five 
associates and certain fund investments held at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL")) as at 
31 December 2020 was U.S.$1.0 billion. As at the same date, only three companies in the portfolio 
were listed and actively traded, ARAMCO and Yanbu National Petrochemical Company 
("YANSAB") in Saudi Arabia and Misr Oil Processing Company ("MOPCO") in Egypt. The 
Group's equity investments in ARAMCO, YANSAB and MOPCO were valued at U.S.$21.7 
million, U.S.$96.6 million and U.S.$26.0 million, respectively, equal to 14.4 per cent. in aggregate 
of the total direct and indirect equity investments portfolio, as at 31 December 2020. If the Group 
elects to exit any of its direct and indirect equity investments which are not fair valued using 
quoted prices on active markets, monetising these investments could be a lengthy process and 
there is no certainty as to the price which would be obtainable. 
• 
The Group does not typically consolidate its direct and indirect equity investments as it generally 
does not hold stakes which give it control or significant influence over its investee companies. The 
Group's philosophy when making equity investments is that it should principally act in a fiduciary 
and advisory capacity, typically through a seat on the relevant investee's board of directors. The 
Group's inability to exercise control or significant influence over the majority of its equity 
investments exposes the Group to certain risks, including the risk that an investee may make 
business, financial or management decisions with which the Group does not agree, or that the

--- Page 20 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 8 - 
75-40744906 
 
majority shareholders or the management of any investee may take risks or otherwise act in a 
manner that is contrary to the Group's interests. 
The foregoing risks could result in a significant reduction in dividend income from, or the value of, the 
Group's direct and indirect equity investments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank without guarantee-related support from its 
shareholders 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank, headquartered in Saudi Arabia and owned by the OAPEC 
Member States. Its three largest shareholders, which together own 51.0 per cent. of APICORP's shares, are 
Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Kuwait. 
The OAPEC Member States have agreed in the Establishing Agreement to support APICORP on a joint 
and several basis and each shareholder has participated in APICORP's six (issued and fully paid) capital 
increases since it was established. In addition, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 billion in callable capital, which is 
a joint and several obligation of each shareholder to provide additional capital within two months when called 
if required to service debt, to expand development operations (while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) 
or to absorb losses from treasury or development-related assets. The issuance of callable capital requires 
convening a shareholder meeting and APICORP cannot compel its shareholders to provide such capital. 
Accordingly, neither the agreement to support APICORP nor the callable capital is a guarantee and neither 
should be construed as providing contractual rights to APICORP's creditors. Reflecting the above, there is 
no certainty that APICORP's shareholders will continue to provide further capital to it and, if they do not, 
the Group's business and/or financial condition may be constrained. 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks that are outside its control, including, 
without limitation, volatility in interest rates, changes in credit spreads, prices of securities and currency 
exchange rates. In particular, an increase in interest rates generally may decrease the value of the Group's 
fixed-rate loans and securities and may increase the Group's funding costs and a widening of credit spreads 
may adversely affect the value of its debt securities portfolio. In addition, it is the Group's experience that 
its fixed rate assets generally re-price faster than its fixed rate liabilities which means that the Group generally 
benefits at times of increasing interest rates but is adversely affected at times of falling interest rates. See 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—
Principal factors affecting results of operations—Factors affecting net interest income" and "Risk 
management—Market risk management—Interest rate risk". Interest rates are sensitive to many factors 
beyond the Group's control, including the policies of central banks, political factors and domestic and 
international economic conditions. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the possibility that the value of 
a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange rates as well as the 
possibility that the Group may have to close out any open position in a foreign currency at a loss due to an 
adverse movement in exchange rates. The Group attempts to manage its foreign exchange rate risk by 
conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other than the U.S. dollar to ensure that no 
significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks, by not trading in foreign 
exchange and by hedging its exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar through forward contracts, 
although there can be no assurance that any such hedging activity will in all cases protect the Group against 
its foreign exchange rate risks. See also "Risk management—Market risk management—Currency risk". 
The Group enters into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange 
contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. These derivative contracts 
had a notional value of U.S.$2.6 billion as at 31 December 2020, compared to U.S.$3.5 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and U.S.$3.7 billion as at 31 December 2018 and the Group's derivatives portfolio had net 
positive fair values of U.S.$33.8 million and U.S.$14.8 million as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 compared to a net negative fair value of U.S.$9.3 million as at 31 December 2018. There is no 
assurance that the Group's derivative contracts and its hedging strategy will be successful in mitigating its 
interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not experience significant losses on its 
derivatives contracts from time to time.

--- Page 21 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 9 - 
75-40744906 
 
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenue and 
financial condition of the Group's depositors, borrowers and other counterparties which, in turn, may impact 
the Group's deposit base and the quality of its credit exposures to certain borrowers and other counterparties. 
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects 
of a currency revaluation or future volatility in interest rates or currency exchange rates. 
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks, including the risk of loss as a result of employee 
misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, systems and equipment failures (including, in particular, information technology 
("IT") failures), natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, those of the Group's 
counterparties or vendors). The Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and 
substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, but it is not 
possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential operational risks that the Group faces. Losses from the 
failure of the Group's system of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business 
generally and its reputation. 
The Group's employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could 
expose the Group to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may 
include embezzling clients' funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, 
intentionally or inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal 
procedures. It is not always possible to detect or prevent these types of misconduct, and the precautions 
which the Group takes to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in all cases. There can 
be no assurance that measures undertaken to combat these types of misconduct will be successful. Any such 
actions by employees could expose the Group to financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse 
clients, co-investors or other business partners who suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory 
sanctions, and could damage the Group's reputation. 
The Group is dependent on its IT systems and any disruption to these systems could materially 
disrupt the Group's business 
The Group depends on its IT systems to process its transactions on an accurate and timely basis and to store 
and process substantially all of the Group's business and operating data. The proper functioning of the 
Group's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and 
other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its offices and main data processing 
centres, are critical to its business and its ability to compete effectively. The Group's business would be 
materially adversely affected if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these IT systems or 
communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of reasons some of which are outside 
the Group's control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, and computer viruses and other 
external electronic attacks as discussed under "—The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber- 
attack" below. The proper functioning of the Group's IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable data 
and other system inputs, which are subject to internal human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or 
processing transaction data could subject the Group to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. 
There can be no assurance that the Group's IT safeguards will be fully effective in the event of a disaster 
and or that they will protect the Group from all losses that could occur. 
The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber-attack 
In common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Group's information 
and customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to the Group's 
business. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring 
and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber- 
attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. A failure to adequately 
manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current processes in response to 
new threats could have a number of material adverse effects on the Group, including disruption to its 
business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure 
and damage to its reputation.

--- Page 22 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 10 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified 
or unanticipated risks 
The Group is exposed to a wide range of financial risks, such as credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, 
currency exchange rate risk, equity price risk, and IT and other operational risks. 
Although the Group has established risk management policies, procedures and internal controls based on 
international practices and invests substantial time and effort in the development, implementation and 
monitoring of risk management strategies and techniques, it cannot mitigate risk exposures under all market 
environments and may fail to manage its risks adequately at all times, particularly, for example, when risks 
that it has not identified or anticipated materialise. 
The Group's methods of managing risk include the use of historical market behaviour and setting 
appropriate risk appetite and maximum tolerance levels to determine and monitor risk exposures. In 
addition, stress testing using forward-looking scenarios is designed to assist the Group in analysing the 
impact of possible future events on its capital, profitability, liquidity and funding position, which in turn 
helps to shape the Group's strategy. The Group's risk management methods are intended to assist it in 
predicting possible impacts on its risk exposures, but actual outcomes may prove to be significantly 
different from those which its risk management models predict and could be significantly greater than 
historical measures indicate. 
Investors should note that any failure by the Group to adequately control the risks to which it is exposed, 
including as a result of any failure to successfully implement new risk management systems in the future, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
The Group's ability to comply with all applicable regulations is largely dependent on its maintenance of 
compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and retain personnel 
qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although the Group is subject to oversight 
by regulatory authorities, including the Central Bank of Bahrain with respect to its Bahrain branch, and 
performs regular internal audits through an external auditing firm, the Group cannot be certain that its 
systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case of deliberate 
employee misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against it. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance 
with applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative 
proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages. 
A negative change in APICORP's credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may 
increase the Group's borrowing costs 
APICORP is currently rated Aa2 (on a long-term basis) with stable outlook by Moody's and AA (on a long-
term basis) with stable outlook by Fitch. These credit ratings are an important factor in determining the 
Group's cost of borrowing. The interest rates charged on the Group's borrowings are also partly dependent 
on its credit ratings. 
There is no assurance that APICORP's credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or 
that either rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A 
downgrade of APICORP's credit ratings, or a negative change in its outlook, may: 
• 
limit APICORP's ability to raise funding; 
• 
increase APICORP's cost of borrowing; and 
• 
limit APICORP's ability to raise capital. 
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in APICORP's credit ratings may negatively affect the market 
value of any Certificates issued under the Programme. 
In its October 2020 ratings report on APICORP, Moody's noted that a combination of the following factors 
would likely lead to a downgrade: (1) a significant deterioration in asset quality and performance due to 
COVID 19 and the slump in oil prices; (2) a material deterioration in the APICORP's liquidity profile or an 
emergence of funding pressures as a result of a protracted worsening of the operating environment,

--- Page 23 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 11 - 
75-40744906 
 
potentially resulting from (1); and/or (3) an indication that its shareholders' willingness to support 
APICORP is weakening. 
In its June 2020 ratings report on APICORP, Fitch noted that the following factors, individually or 
collectively, could lead to a rating action or downgrade: (1) a substantial increase in leverage or a marked 
increase in loan impairments and valuation losses that erode APICORP's capital and affect Fitch's 
capitalisation assessment; (2) a weakening in Fitch's assessment of APICORP's risk profile, which could 
stem from a deterioration in credit and equity risk, for example due to a sustained period of low oil prices, 
or failure by APICORP to adhere to its own risk management rules; (3) an increase in concentration risk 
metrics; and (4) reduced liquidity buffers and a marked increase in the share of short-term funding. 
The ratings assigned to APICORP may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Group, the 
market or any other factors that may affect the value of Certificates issued under the Programme. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In addition, actual or anticipated changes in APICORP's credit rating could negatively 
affect the market value of Certificates issued under the Programme. 
The Group's continued success depends on its ability to attract and retain key management and 
qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent on its senior management for the implementation of its strategy and the operation 
of its day to day activities. While the Group has entered into two-year employment contracts with key 
members of its management, there is no certainty that its current members of senior management will 
continue to make their services available to the Group on a longer-term basis. 
In addition, the Group's success will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to retain, motivate and attract 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel and it may need to increase employee 
compensation levels to do so. Competition within the regional banking industry for qualified banking and 
management personnel is intense due to the low number of available qualified and/or experienced 
individuals compared to the level of demand. There is no certainty that the Group will at all times be able 
to successfully recruit and retain necessary qualified personnel. The loss of members of the Group's senior 
management team or an inability to recruit, train and/or retain necessary personnel could hinder the growth 
of the Group's business. 
The Group faces significant and increasing competition 
The Group principally competes with regional and international banks operating in the MENA region with 
recognised expertise in project finance as well as in the financing of energy projects. The Group cannot be 
certain that if its competitors offer more attractively priced and easily accessible products, its customers 
will nevertheless prefer the products offered by the Group and there is no certainty that the Group will be 
able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 
The Group is subject to regulation 
Subject to the Establishing Agreement, APICORP is subject to certain laws, regulations, administrative 
actions and policies of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and any other jurisdiction in which it operates. These 
regulations may limit the Group's activities, and changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in 
Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, could materially affect the Group's business, the products or services offered, 
the value of its assets, and its financial position. Although the Group complies with the policies set by the 
applicable regulators in each country in which it operates and continually monitors the situation, future 
changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond the Group's control. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Certificates 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust 
Deed 
APICORP has covenanted in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that: (a) if, at the time 
of delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, APICORP

--- Page 24 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 12 - 
75-40744906 
 
(acting in any capacity) holds any benefits, entitlements, rights, title, interest in or remains in actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Assets; and (b) if, following delivery of 
an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, APICORP fails to pay 
the relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise 
Price (each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever and thereby resulting in APICORP's failure to 
comply with its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking, APICORP shall (as an independent, severable 
and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of 
the outstanding Certificates of such Series, the Certificateholder Put Right Certificates or the Tangibility 
Event Certificates (each as defined is the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, the 
amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder 
Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be.  
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out in the above paragraph, if APICORP fails to pay the 
relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise 
Price, as the case may be, in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the 
Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 12 (Dissolution Events) and the terms 
of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the 
Master Trust Deed against APICORP by commencing arbitral or legal proceedings.  
However, investors should note that, in the event that APICORP (acting in any capacity) does not hold any 
benefits, entitlements, rights, title, interest in or remain in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the relevant Assets at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance 
with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the condition in (a) as described above will not be satisfied 
and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by APICORP under the separate indemnity provisions. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
the Delegate as to whether the APICORP has or will continue to hold any benefits, entitlements, rights, 
title, interest in or remain in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of any Assets. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish 
that there has been a breach of contract by APICORP in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract 
may be due to: (i) a breach by APICORP of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's rights, title, interest, 
benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Assets on the relevant Dissolution Date pursuant to 
the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by APICORP of its undertaking to maintain 
actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title, interests, benefits or entitlements in, 
to or under, all of the Assets comprising the Portfolio during the Ownership Period, in each case in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts.   
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be, and in turn, the amount 
payable to the Certificateholders upon redemption. 
The occurrence of a Tangibility Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
value of the Certificates 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, the Certificateholders will be promptly notified that: (a) a Tangibility Event 
has occurred; (b) as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Certificates should be tradable 
only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading; (c) on the date falling 15 days following the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on 
which the Certificates have been admitted to listing; and (d) the Tangibility Event Put Option Period, during 
which period the Holder of any Certificates shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of 
its Certificates. Upon receipt of such notice, the Certificateholders may elect to redeem all or any of their 
Certificates in accordance with the Conditions. Accordingly, a Tangibility Event may have a significant 
adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of the Certificates. 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Certificates are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, each Certificate represents solely an 
undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets relating to that Series. Recourse to the Trustee is limited 
to the Trust Assets of the relevant Series and the proceeds of the Trust Assets of the relevant Series are the

--- Page 25 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 13 - 
75-40744906 
 
sole source of payments on the Certificates of that Series. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Dissolution 
Notice in accordance with the terms of Condition 12 (Dissolution Events), the sole rights of each of the 
Trustee and/or the Delegate (acting on behalf of the Certificateholders) as applicable, will be (subject to 
Condition 13 (Realisation of Trust Assets)) against APICORP to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or APICORP unless the 
Delegate, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing. Under no circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the 
sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets (other than as expressly contemplated in the Transaction 
Documents) and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and APICORP 
shall be to enforce their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party. 
Following the enforcement, realisation and ultimate distribution of the net proceeds of the relevant Trust 
Assets in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series to the Certificateholders in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums in respect of 
such Series and, accordingly, Certificateholders may not take any action against the Trustee, the Delegate 
or any other person (including APICORP) to recover any such sum in respect of the Certificates or the 
relevant Trust Assets. 
After enforcing the Trust Assets and distributing the net proceeds of such Trust Assets in accordance with 
Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets), the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the 
Certificates shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee (or 
any steps against the Delegate) to recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to 
receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder shall be entitled in 
respect thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding up of the Trustee. 
Ability of defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Certificateholders of a Series to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders of such a Series 
including Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Certificateholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions, the Trust Deed and other Transaction Documents may be modified without notice to 
Certificateholders 
The Master Trust Deed provides that the Delegate may, without the consent of the Certificateholders: (i) 
agree to any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed (as defined in the Conditions) or the 
Transaction Documents that is, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the outstanding 
Certificateholders provided that such modification is in each case, other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter; or (ii): (A) agree to any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents; or (B) determine that any Dissolution Event 
shall not be treated as such, provided that such waiver, authorisation or determination is in the opinion of 
the Delegate not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders and is other than in respect 
of a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Conditions) and not in contravention of any express direction by 
Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding 
aggregate face amount of the relevant Series of Certificates. 
The Delegate may request the Certificateholders to provide an indemnity and/or security and/or 
prefunding to its satisfaction 
In certain circumstances, including without limitation the giving of a notice pursuant to Condition 12 
(Dissolution Events) of the Conditions and the taking of action to enforce or realise any relevant Trust 
Assets or steps against the Trustee or APICORP under the relevant Transaction Documents pursuant to 
Condition 13 (Realisation of Trust Assets) of the Conditions, the Delegate may (at its sole discretion) 
request the holders of the relevant Certificates to provide an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding 
to its satisfaction before it takes actions on behalf of the holders of such Certificates. The Delegate shall 
not be obliged to take any such actions if not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its

--- Page 26 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 14 - 
75-40744906 
 
satisfaction. Negotiating and agreeing to an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding can be a lengthy 
process and may impact on when such actions can be taken. The Delegate may not be able to take actions, 
notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or prefunding to it, in breach of the terms 
and conditions governing the relevant Certificates or the relevant Transaction Documents and/or in 
circumstances where there is uncertainty or dispute as to the applicable laws or regulations and, to the extent 
permitted by the relevant Transaction Documents and the applicable law, it will be for the holders of the 
relevant Certificates to take such actions directly. 
The Certificates may be subject to early dissolution by the Trustee 
In certain circumstances, the Certificates may be subject to early dissolution by the Trustee. Pursuant to 
Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons) and Condition 8.3 (Dissolution at the Option of 
APICORP (Optional Dissolution Right)), if the Trustee has or will become liable to pay additional amounts 
in respect of the Certificates and/or APICORP is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to certain 
Transaction Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Relevant 
Jurisdictions or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Trustee 
may redeem all but not some only of the Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the Conditions. 
If the Optional Dissolution Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms, APICORP may exercise its 
option under the Sale Undertaking to procure the Trustee to redeem the Certificates in whole or in part on 
the relevant Optional Dissolution Date at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In each case, dissolution will take place in accordance with the Conditions. An early dissolution feature of 
any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period when APICORP may require the 
Trustee to redeem any Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally may not rise 
substantially above the dissolution amount payable. 
Investors must make their own determination as to Shari'a Compliance 
The Shari'a advisers have confirmed that the Certificates and the Transaction Documents are, in their view, 
compliant with the principles of Shari'a as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be 
no assurance that the Transaction Documents or any issue and trading of any Certificates will be deemed 
to be Shari'a compliant by any other Shari'a board or Shari'a scholars. None of the Trustee, APICORP, the 
Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents makes any representation as to the Shari'a compliance 
of any Certificates and/or any trading thereof, the Transaction Documents or the above pronouncements 
and potential investors are reminded that, as with any Shari'a views, differences in opinion are possible and 
different shariah standards may be applied by different Shari'a boards. In addition, none of the Delegate, 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance 
with any Shari'a principles of debt trading referred to in Condition 8.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right)) nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other 
person in respect thereof. Potential investors should not rely on the above pronouncements in deciding 
whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shari'a advice 
as to the compliance of the Transaction Documents and whether the Certificates will meet their individual 
standards of compliance and the issue and trading of the Certificates with Shari'a principles, including the 
tradability of the Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the Shari'a compliance of the 
Transaction Documents or the Shari'a permissibility of the issue and the trading of the Certificates may 
limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, potential investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents or the Certificates shall be, if in dispute, be referred to, and finally 
resolved by, arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the 
"LCIA"), in London, England or the English courts. In such circumstances, the arbitrator or court  (as 
applicable) will apply the governing law of the relevant Transaction Document and/or the Certificates in 
determining the obligations of the parties. 
Shari'a requirements in relation to interest awarded by a court 
In accordance with applicable Shari'a principles, each of the Trustee and the Delegate will waive all and 
any entitlement it may have to interest awarded in its favour by any court in connection with any dispute 
under the Certificates and any of the Transaction Documents. Should there be any delay in the enforcement

--- Page 27 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 15 - 
75-40744906 
 
of a judgment given against APICORP, judgment interest may accrue in respect of that delay and, as a 
result of the waiver referred to above, Certificateholders will not be entitled to receive any part of such 
interest. 
The Certificates may only be represented by Global Certificates and holders of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant ICSDs 
Certificates issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Certificates. Such 
Global Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") (together, the "ICSDs"). Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Certificates in definitive form. The ICSDs will maintain records of their direct account holders in relation 
to the Global Certificates. While the Certificates are represented by one or more Global Certificates, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the ICSDs and their participants. 
While the Certificates are represented by one or more Global Certificates, the Trustee or, as the case may 
be, APICORP, will discharge its payment obligations under the Certificates by making payments through 
the ICSDs for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of the ICSDs and their 
participants to receive payments under the relevant Certificates. 
Neither the Trustee nor APICORP has any responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Certificates. Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Certificates will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Certificates. Instead, such 
holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the ICSDs and their participants 
to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Credit ratings assigned to APICORP and/or the Certificates are subject to ongoing evaluations and there 
can be no assurance that the ratings currently assigned to APICORP and/or the Certificates will not be 
downgraded 
The Certificates of each Series may be unrated or may be rated by one or more independent credit rating 
agencies who may also assign credit ratings to the Certificates. Any ratings of either APICORP or the 
Certificates may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks related to the structure, market, additional 
factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. Nevertheless, real or 
anticipated changes in APICORP's credit ratings or the ratings of the Certificates generally may affect the 
market value of the Certificates. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
may also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered 
credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification 
or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional

--- Page 28 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 16 - 
75-40744906 
 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited 
period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer 
be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates 
may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the 
Certificates which may impact the value of the Certificates and any secondary market.  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Certificates and may be adversely affected if Individual Certificates are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Certificates at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Certificate in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Certificates at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If such Certificates in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
Interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Certificates referencing such 
a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an

--- Page 29 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 17 - 
75-40744906 
 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR").  The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the profit rate calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Certificates linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Certificates 
whose profit rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Certificates, the return on the relevant Certificates and the trading market for 
securities (including the Certificates) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the profit rate could be set 
by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Certificates may not achieve 
this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Certificates performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower profit rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances 
the ultimate fallback of profit rate for a particular Return Accumulation Period may result in the profit rate 
for the last preceding Return Accumulation Period being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Certificates based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Certificates. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms 
or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Certificates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference rate (which seeks to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term) or different measures of such an 
alternative reference rate. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Index. The continued development of SOFR as an 
profit reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR based rates 
for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Certificates. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes (including trust certificates) issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.

--- Page 30 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 18 - 
75-40744906 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Certificates that reference SOFR under this Base 
Prospectus. Furthermore, the Trustee may in future issue Certificates referencing SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of profit determination when compared with the Certificates. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Certificates referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware 
that EURIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as profit reference rates for the Certificates.  
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication 
of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Certificates may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their 
relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, profit on Certificates which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the 
amount of profit which will be payable on the Certificates, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Certificates without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact 
the liquidity of the Certificates. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR-based Certificates, if the Certificates 
become due and payable as a result of a Dissolution Event under Condition 12 (Dissolution Events), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Periodic Distribution Date, the final Profit Rate payable 
in respect of the Certificates shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Certificates become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
The Trustee and APICORP have no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. 
There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Certificates referencing SOFR. In particular, 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of  SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or its related indices, including 
changes related to the method by which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable 
to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index. 
In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a 
related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the Profit Rate on the Certificates will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Certificateholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR or a related index. 
Risks relating to taxation 
Change of tax law 
Statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors are of a general nature and are based 
upon current law and practice in the jurisdictions stated. Such law and practice is, in principle, subject to 
change, possibly with retrospective effect, and this could adversely affect investors.

--- Page 31 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 19 - 
75-40744906 
 
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in a relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact: (i) the 
ability of the Trustee to service the Certificates; and (ii) the market value of the Certificates. See "Taxation" 
for further details. 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by APICORP to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or by 
the Trustee in respect of the Certificates could become subject to taxation. The Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party require APICORP to pay additional amounts in the event that any withholding or 
deduction is required by law in a Relevant Jurisdiction to be made in respect of payments made by it to the 
Trustee thereunder. Furthermore, Condition 10 (Taxation) provides that the Trustee is required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed by the Cayman Islands in 
certain circumstances. If the Trustee fails to gross-up for any such withholding or deduction on payments 
due in respect of the Certificates to Certificateholders, APICORP has, pursuant to the Servicing Agency 
Agreement, undertaken to pay to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the aggregate net amounts received by the Certificateholders 
and the Trustee for the benefit of the Certificateholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
amounts that would have been receivable in the absence of any such withholding or deduction. The 
circumstances described above may entitle APICORP to instruct the Trustee to redeem the Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons). See "The Certificates may be subject 
to early dissolution by the Trustee" for a description of the consequences thereof. 
Risks relating to the Assets 
Ownership of the Assets 
In order to comply with the requirements of Shari'a, an interest in the Assets of each Series will pass to the 
Trustee under the relevant Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by the Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement. The Trustee will declare a trust in respect of its ownership interest in such Assets and the other 
relevant Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series pursuant to the Master Trust 
Deed, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. Accordingly, Certificateholders will have 
undivided ownership interests in the relevant Assets unless transfer of the Assets is prohibited by, or 
ineffective under, any applicable law (see "Transfer of the Assets" below). 
Limited investigation and enquiry will be made and limited due diligence will be conducted in respect of 
any Assets. Only limited representations will be obtained from APICORP in respect of the Assets of a 
Series. In particular, the precise terms of such Assets or the nature of the assets sold or held will not be 
known (including whether there are any restrictions on transfer or any further obligations required to be 
performed by APICORP to give effect to the transfer of the ownership interest in the Assets). 
No steps will be taken to perfect the legal transfer of any ownership interest in any Assets or otherwise give 
notice to any obligor in respect thereof. The obligors in respect of such Assets may have rights of set off or 
counterclaim against APICORP in respect of such Assets. In addition, if and to the extent that a third party 
is able to establish a direct claim against the Trustee, the Delegate or any relevant Certificateholders on the 
basis of legal or beneficial ownership of any Assets, APICORP has agreed in the Trust Deed to indemnify 
the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against any such liabilities. If APICORP is unable to 
meet any such claims then the relevant Certificateholders may suffer losses in excess of the original face 
amount invested. 
Transfer of the Assets 
Limited investigation has been or will be made as to whether any interest in any Assets may be transferred 
as a matter of the law governing the contracts, the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are located or 
any other relevant law. Limited investigation will be made to determine if any Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement will have the effect of transferring an ownership interest in the relevant Assets. The Master 
Purchase Agreement is, and each Supplemental Purchase Agreement will be, governed by English law and, 
to the extent that such laws are applied in relation to any dispute, there are doubts whether an ownership 
interest in certain assets (in particular assets such as ijara or receivables under murabaha contracts) can be 
effectively transferred without notice of the transfer being given to the relevant obligor. Accordingly, no 
assurance is given that any registration or transfer of ownership interest in any Assets to the Trustee will 
take place.

--- Page 32 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 20 - 
75-40744906 
 
Risks relating to Certificates denominated in Renminbi 
Certificates denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Certificates") may be issued under the Programme. RMB 
Certificates contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Certificates 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions 
in foreign currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any of the schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi 
into or out of the PRC. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the 
effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of 
transactions categorised as capital accounts items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to 
the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated 
out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the 
ability of the Trustee to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Certificates. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Certificates and the Trustee's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB 
Certificates 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Certificates. 
To the extent the Trustee is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi 
Certificates, there is no assurance that the Trustee will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in RMB Certificates is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. All 
payments in the nature of profit and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi 
Certificates unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar 
terms (or in terms of other applicable foreign currencies) may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in 
the market place. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of the investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. In 
addition, there may be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting 
from any investment in Renminbi Certificates.   
In the event access to Renminbi deliverable in the Renminbi Settlement Centre becomes restricted to the 
extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined in the 
Conditions), the Trustee is unable to make payments in Renminbi, the Trustee's obligation to make such 
payments in Renminbi under the terms of the Renminbi Certificates is replaced by an obligation to make 
such payments in U.S. dollars pursuant to Condition 9.6 (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent). As a result, 
the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the 
investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Certificates in that foreign currency will decline.   
Investment in the Renminbi Certificates is subject to currency risk 
If the Trustee is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal 
on the Renminbi Certificates as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as 
defined in the Conditions), the Trustee shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar

--- Page 33 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 21 - 
75-40744906 
 
days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in 
U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such profit 
or principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in RMB Certificates is subject to interest/profit rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest/profit rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest/profit rate volatility. In addition, the interest/profit rates for Renminbi 
in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest/profit rate for Renminbi in the PRC 
as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market 
conditions. 
As Renminbi Certificates may carry a fixed profit rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Certificates will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi rates. If holders of the Renminbi Certificates 
propose to sell their Renminbi Certificates before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the 
amount they have invested. 
Payments in respect of RMB Certificates will only be made to investors in the manner designated in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Certificates 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s). All payments 
to investors in respect of the Renminbi Certificates will be made solely: (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Certificates are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance 
with prevailing rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system; or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi 
Certificates are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi 
Settlement Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as provided in Condition 9.6 (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) of the Certificates, 
the Trustee cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in 
bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).   
PRC Taxation 
Prospective holders of Renminbi Certificates are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the overall 
PRC tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Renminbi Certificates, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the PRC.  
Risks relating to enforcement 
Change of law 
The structure of each issue of Certificates under the Programme is based on English law and administrative 
practices in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible change to English law or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can 
any assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely affect the ability of the Trustee to 
make payments under the Certificates or of APICORP to comply with its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Enforcing foreign judgments and arbitral awards against APICORP 
Ultimately, the payments under the Certificates are dependent upon APICORP making payments in the 
manner contemplated under the Purchase Undertaking, the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Master 
Murabaha Agreement and the Master Trust Deed. 
If APICORP should fail to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against APICORP to enforce its 
obligations which could be time consuming and costly. APICORP has irrevocably agreed to the Transaction 
Documents being governed by English law and that any disputes shall be referred to and finally resolved 
by arbitration under the LCIA Rules. An arbitration award rendered in London, in favour of the 
Certificateholders should be enforceable against APICORP in the courts of those Relevant Jurisdictions

--- Page 34 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 22 - 
75-40744906 
 
which are signatories to the New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral 
Awards 1958 (the "New York Convention"). However, in practice, and notwithstanding the New York 
Convention, such awards may not be enforceable consistently under the laws of all of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions. APICORP has also agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England (the "English 
courts") at the option of the Delegate, the Certificateholders, the Agents or the Trustee, as the case may be, 
in respect of any dispute under certain Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding that a judgment may be 
obtained in the English courts in favour of the Certificateholders, there is no assurance that APICORP has 
or would at the relevant time have assets in the United Kingdom against which such a judgment could be 
enforced. Under the laws of certain of the Relevant Jurisdictions (for example, under the laws of the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) it is unlikely that the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions would enforce an 
English court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and such courts may not observe the 
parties' choice of English law as the governing law of the relevant Transaction Document or the Certificates. 
In certain of the Relevant Jurisdictions, foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact and 
the interpretation of English law by the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions may not accord with the 
interpretation of an English court. Additionally, in such Relevant Jurisdictions, the choice of foreign law is 
recognised if the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists 
between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. Such courts are 
unlikely, however, to honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or 
morals in such Relevant Jurisdiction, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, such Relevant 
Jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, there is no guarantee that any arbitration award rendered in London or any judgment obtained 
in the English courts, in each case in favour of the Certificateholders, would be enforceable against 
APICORP in the courts of a Relevant Jurisdiction. 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that APICORP fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document, the potential 
remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for specific enforcement of 
the relevant obligations or a claim for damages. There is no assurance that any court would order specific 
enforcement of a contractual obligation, as this is generally a matter for the discretion of the relevant court. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to mitigate any loss arising as a 
result of the breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event 
of a failure by APICORP to perform its obligations as set out in the Transaction Documents. 
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Certificates may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Certificates easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Trustee will pay the face amount and profit on the Certificates and APICORP will make any payments 
under the Transaction Documents in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Trustee 
does not have any control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and 
political events and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates 
between certain currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other 
currencies may be expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease: (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Certificates;

--- Page 35 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 23 - 
75-40744906 
 
(b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the face amount payable on the Certificates; and (c) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Trustee or APICORP to make 
payments in respect of the Certificates. As a result, investors may receive less profit or amount in respect 
of the face amount of such Certificates than expected, or no such profit or face amount. Even if there are 
no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Certificate may not 
be available at such Certificate's maturity. 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Certificates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Certificates involves the risk that if market interest or profit rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Certificates, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Certificates.

--- Page 36 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 24 - 
75-40744906 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI and the DFSA shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (including the auditors' review 
report thereon and notes thereto) of the Group in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/APICORP-FS-30-JUNE-2021-Final.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(https://www.apicorp.org/Financials/APICORP%20FS%202020%20English%20(Final).pdf); 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://www.apicorp.org/Financials/200412_APICORP%20FS%202019_English%20_Final.pdf
); 
(d) 
the Conditions of the Certificates contained in the Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2019, pages 44 
to 78 (inclusive) https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3d5a03e-5ec3-49ac-b289-199ff0554ff7.PDF);  
(e) 
the Conditions of the Certificates contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2017, pages 43 
to 79 (inclusive)           (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+06.06.2017_ef9b4794-dd31-4a3e-96df-
e1ba0ba959d2.PDF);  
(f) 
the Conditions of the Certificates contained in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2016, pages 42 
to 
78 
(inclusive) 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_58459a79-2f1e-40fa-b68e-8b8f69d39857.PDF); and 
(g) 
the Conditions of the Certificates contained in the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2015, pages 39 
to 
71 
(inclusive) 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e0c45836-59d7-4810-bb01-9adcb0d82bbd.PDF). 
The Group will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Certificates, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Certificates. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Group and 
approved by the Central Bank and the DFSA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 14 of the DFSA's Markets Law 2012, respectively. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Financial Statements can be obtained on the website of APICORP at http://www.apicorp-
arabia.com/investor-relations/annual-reports. Copies of the documents in specified in (c) – (f) above may 
be inspected, free of charge, during normal hours at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 25 - 
75-40744906 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Certificates should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Certificates, is completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer, Trustee and 
Purchaser: 
APICORP Sukuk Limited, an exempted company incorporated with 
limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands. APICORP 
Sukuk Limited has been incorporated solely for the purpose of 
participating in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. 
 
Trustee's Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
549300ULCH8IWYBS5X93 
 
Obligor, Seller, Buyer and 
Service Agent: 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation. 
 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 consisting 
of 50,000 shares with a nominal value of U.S.$1 each, of which 250 
shares are fully paid up and issued. The Trustee's entire issued share 
capital is held by MaplesFS Limited on trust for charitable purposes. 
 
Administration of the 
Trustee: 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited (the 
"Trustee Administrator"), who provide, amongst other things, 
certain administrative services for and on behalf of the Trustee 
pursuant to a Corporate Services Agreement dated 18 June 2015 
between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator (the "Corporate 
Services Agreement"). 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme and 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Certificates issued under the Programme. These are set 
out under "Risk Factors". 
 
Arrangers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc and Standard Chartered Bank. 
 
Dealers: 
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.), Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, First Abu Dhabi Bank 
PJSC, Gulf International Bank B.S.C., HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc, SNB Capital, Standard Chartered Bank and any other 
Dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
 
Delegate: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch.

--- Page 38 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 26 - 
75-40744906 
 
Method of Issue: 
Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different Issue Dates. The Certificates of each 
Series will have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions 
which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of periodic distribution amounts thereon and the date 
from which periodic distribution amounts start to accrue. 
 
Status of the Certificates: 
The Certificates represent an undivided pro rata ownership interest in 
the relevant Trust Assets (as defined below) and are limited recourse 
obligations of the Trustee. Each Certificate shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference or priority with all other Certificates 
of the relevant Series. The payment obligations of APICORP (in any 
capacity) under the Transaction Documents shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation that is both 
mandatory and of general application and subject to the negative 
pledge provisions described in Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge), at all 
times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of APICORP, present and 
future. 
 
 
In respect of each Series, the Trustee shall hold the relevant Trust 
Assets for such Series upon trust absolutely for and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders of such Series pro rata according to the face amount 
of Certificates held by each holder of the relevant Series of Certificates. 
The "Trust Assets" of the relevant Series will comprise: (i) the rights, 
title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the 
Trustee in, to and under the Sukuk Assets from time to time (excluding 
any representations given by APICORP to the Trustee and/or the 
Delegate under any of the Transaction Documents); (ii) the interest, 
rights, title, benefits and entitlements, present and future, of the Trustee 
in, to and under the Transaction Documents (excluding any 
representations given by APICORP to the Trustee and/or the Delegate 
pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents or the covenant given 
to the Trustee pursuant to clause 17.1 of the Master Trust Deed); (iii) 
all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time 
to time; and (iv) all proceeds of the foregoing. 
 
Limited Recourse: 
The Certificates represent limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. 
 
 
No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in respect of the 
Certificates except to the extent that funds are available therefor from 
the relevant Trust Assets. Certificateholders will otherwise have no 
recourse to any assets of the Trustee or APICORP in respect of any 
shortfall in the expected amounts due under the relevant Trust Assets 
to the extent that the Trust Assets have been exhausted, following 
which all obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished. See 
Condition 4.2 (Limited Recourse). 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Certificates will have the benefit of a negative pledge granted by 
APICORP, as described in Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Issue Price: 
The Certificates may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Scheduled Dissolution: 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled in full, each Certificate shall be finally redeemed at its 
Dissolution Distribution Amount and the Trust in relation to the 
relevant Series shall be dissolved by the Trustee on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 27 - 
75-40744906 
 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event and following delivery 
of a Dissolution Notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Dissolution 
Events), the Certificates shall be redeemed in full at the Dissolution 
Distribution Amount and the Trust in relation to the relevant Series 
shall be dissolved by the Trustee on the Dissolution Event Redemption 
Date. See Condition 12 (Dissolution Events). 
 
Early Dissolution for 
Taxation Reasons: 
Where the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 10 
(Taxation) or APICORP has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts pursuant to a Transaction Document, in each case 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Relevant Jurisdictions (as defined in the Conditions) or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Trustee or APICORP (as the case may be) 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Trustee shall, following 
receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from APICORP pursuant 
to the Sale Undertaking and on giving not less than the Minimum 
Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period (each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice to Certificateholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Certificates in whole 
but not in part at an amount equal to the relevant Dissolution 
Distribution Amount on the Early Tax Dissolution Date subject to and 
in accordance with Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation 
Reasons), and if the Certificates to be redeemed are Floating Rate 
Certificates, the Early Tax Dissolution Date must be a Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
 
Dissolution at the Option of 
APICORP (Optional 
Dissolution Rights): 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, APICORP may in its sole 
discretion deliver to the Trustee a duly completed Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Sale Undertaking and, on receipt 
of such notice, the Trustee shall, on giving not less than the Minimum 
Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period (each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) irrevocable notice to the 
Certificateholders redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Certificates on any Optional Dissolution Date subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 8.3 (Dissolution at the Option of APICORP 
(Optional Dissolution Right)). Any such redemption of Certificates 
shall be at their Dissolution Distribution Amount. 
 
 
For Shari'a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the 
Certificateholder Put Right cannot both be specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Tranche. 
 
Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders 
(Certificateholder Put Right): 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall, at the 
option of the Holder of any Certificates, upon such Holder giving not 
less than the Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum 
Notice Period (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice 
to the Trustee, redeem such Certificates on the Certificateholder Put 
Right Date at its Dissolution Distribution Amount subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 8.4 (Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Dissolution Right)). 
 
 
For Shari'a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the 
Certificateholder Put Right cannot both be specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Tranche.

--- Page 40 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 28 - 
75-40744906 
 
Tangibility Event Put Right: 
 
If a Tangibility Event occurs and upon receipt of a Tangibility Event 
Notice, the Holder of any Certificates will have the right to exercise its 
option by delivering a Tangibility Event Put Notice within the 
Tangibility Event Put Option Period (as defined in the Servicing 
Agency Agreement) to require the redemption of all or any of its 
Certificates. Accordingly, the Trustee shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Certificates, redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event 
Put Right Date at its Dissolution Distribution Amount on the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Date subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 8.5 (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Tangibility Event Put Right)). 
 
Clean Up Call Option: 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates 
then outstanding have been redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Dissolution of Trust) the 
Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from 
APICORP pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, on giving not less than 
the Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice 
Period (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem 
the Certificates in whole, but not in part, at their Dissolution 
Distribution Amount on the Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date 
subject to and in accordance with Condition 8.3 (Clean Up Call 
Option). 
 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts calculated on the basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each Tranche denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
 
 
Certificates having a maturity of less than one year 
 
 
Certificates having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
(or if the Certificates are denominated in a currency other than sterling, 
the equivalent amount in such currency), see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Programme Size: 
The Programme is unlimited in amount. 
 
Purchase and Cancellation: 
Pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Purchases), each of APICORP and 
APICORP's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates in the 
open market or otherwise at any price and such Certificates may be 
held, resold or, at the option of APICORP, surrendered to the Registrar 
for cancellation. Pursuant to Condition 8.7 (Cancellation), Certificates 
purchased by or on behalf of APICORP or any of APICORP's 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation in accordance with 
the terms of the Transaction Documents and the Conditions. Any 
Certificates so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Trustee in respect of any such 
Certificates shall be discharged. 
 
Asset Substitution: 
APICORP may substitute Assets in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Sale Undertaking, and the Trustee may require the

--- Page 41 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 29 - 
75-40744906 
 
substitution of the Assets by APICORP in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, in each case provided that the 
aggregate value of any new assets is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate value of the substituted assets and any new assets are 
Eligible Assets. 
Trustee Covenants: 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set out in 
Condition 6.1 (Trustee Covenants). 
 
Withholding tax: 
All payments by or on behalf of the Trustee in respect of the 
Certificates shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments, fees or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Cayman Islands or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Trustee shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Certificateholders of such 
amount as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as set out in 
Condition 10 (Taxation). 
 
 
APICORP has undertaken in the Servicing Agency Agreement to pay 
to the Trustee such additional amounts so that the full amount that 
would otherwise have been due and payable under the Certificates is 
received by the Trustee. All payments by APICORP (in any capacity) 
under the Purchase Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking, the Servicing 
Agency Agreement and the Master Murabaha Agreement shall be 
made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or within the Relevant 
Jurisdictions or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, 
APICORP has agreed to pay such additional amounts so that the 
Trustee will receive the full amounts that it would have received in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction. 
 
Transaction Documents: 
The Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Master Purchase Agreement 
as supplemented by the applicable Supplemental Purchase Agreement, 
the Sale Undertaking (together with each relevant transfer agreement 
executed upon exercise of the Sale Undertaking), the Purchase 
Undertaking (together with each relevant transfer agreement executed 
upon exercise of the Purchase Undertaking), the Servicing Agency 
Agreement and, if applicable to a Series, the Master Murabaha 
Agreement (together with all offers, acceptances and confirmations 
delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing in connection with the 
relevant Series), the Commodity Purchase Agreement, the Settlement 
Deed, the Commodity Sale Agreement and the Commodity Purchase 
Agency Agreement (each a "Transaction Document" and, together, 
the "Transaction Documents"). 
 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Trustee, APICORP and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Denominations of 
Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Certificate will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or

--- Page 42 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 30 - 
75-40744906 
 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (see "Certain Restrictions" above), and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Certificate admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Certificates are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Maturities: 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Trustee, APICORP and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Trustee or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
 
Form of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form as described in "Form 
of the Certificates". 
 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the relevant 
Global Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Trustee and APICORP). Transfers within and between 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance with 
the usual rules and operating procedures of such clearing systems. 
 
Ratings: 
APICORP has a long-term rating of Aa2 from Moody's and AA from 
Fitch. The Programme has a rating of (P)Aa3 from Moody's. 
The rating of certain Series of Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank, in accordance 
with the requirements of the Prospective Regulation, comprises a Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Certificates 
issued under the Programme, during the period of 12 months after the 
date hereof. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for such 
Certificates to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the Certificates issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the DFSA Official List. An 
application may be made for any Series to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Dubai. 
 
 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Trustee, APICORP and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Tranche. Certificates which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 43 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 31 - 
75-40744906 
 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
Each Transaction Document, the Certificates and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the same are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In respect 
of any dispute under any such Transaction Document to which it is a 
party or the Certificates, the parties have consented to arbitration under 
the LCIA Arbitration Rules. Any dispute may also be referred to the 
courts in England (which shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising from such documents). 
 
Waiver of Immunity: 
Under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to the extent 
that APICORP has, or hereafter may (whether on the grounds of 
sovereignty or otherwise), acquire any immunity from any proceedings 
or from execution of judgment, APICORP has agreed that no such 
immunity shall be claimed by or on behalf of it or with respect to its 
assets, and APICORP has consented generally in respect of any such 
proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in 
connection with any such proceedings including, without limitation, 
the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such 
proceedings. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Cayman Islands, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre (the "DIFC")), the DIFC, Japan, 
Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the 
State of Qatar, the Sultanate of Oman and the PRC and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Certificates. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 44 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 32 - 
75-40744906 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series issued. Potential investors are referred to the Conditions and the detailed descriptions of the relevant 
Transaction Documents set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for a fuller description of certain cash 
flows and for an explanation of the meaning of certain capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the issue date of a Tranche (the "Issue Date"), the Certificateholders will pay the issue price in respect 
of the Certificates (the "Issue Price") to the Trustee. 
The Trustee will use the Issue Price of each Series as follows: 
(a) 
an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms(the "Murabaha Investment Amount"), will 
be used to purchase certain Shari'a-compliant commodities (the "Commodities") through the 
Commodity Agent and the Trustee will sell such Commodities to APICORP (in its capacity as 
buyer, the "Buyer") on a deferred payment basis for a sale price specified in a letter of offer and 
acceptance (the "Deferred Sale Price") pursuant to a murabaha contract (the "Murabaha 
Contract") (such sale of Shari'a-compliant commodities by the Trustee to APICORP and all of 
the Trustee's rights and entitlements against APICORP (in its capacity as buyer) in connection 
therewith being the "Commodity Murabaha Investment"); and 
(b) 
the remaining portion of the Issue Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Purchase 
Price"), will be used to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance from APICORP (in its 
capacity as seller, the "Seller") of the Seller's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, 
present and future, in, to and under certain Eligible Assets specified in the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement (the "Initial Assets") provided always that: 
(i) 
at least 51 per cent. of the Issue Price shall be used to acquire Eligible Assets comprised 
of Tangible Assets specified in the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement;

--- Page 45 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 33 - 
75-40744906 
 
(ii) 
no more than 49 per cent. of the Issue Price (less any amounts (if any) corresponding to 
the relevant portion of any relevant Eligible Assets comprising Intangible Sukuk Assets) 
shall be used to acquire Commodities in connection with a Commodity Murabaha 
Investment. 
The: 
(a) 
Initial Assets and any additional Eligible Assets (each as may be substituted from time to time) 
acquired from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents, all revenues from them 
which comprise amounts in the nature of sale, capital or principal payments (including, without 
limitation, any total loss and expropriation related insurance proceeds and any indemnity payments) 
and including any amounts payable by the Service Agent under certain provisions of the Servicing 
Agency Agreement and any amounts in respect of an Impaired Asset Exercise Price (as defined in 
the summary of the Principal Transaction Documents) (the "Principal Revenues") in accordance 
with the Servicing Agency Agreement (together, the "Assets"); and 
(b) 
(if applicable) the Commodity Murabaha Investment,  
shall together constitute the assets of the Certificates in respect of the relevant Series (the "Sukuk Assets"). 
The Trustee has, pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agency Agreement, appointed APICORP as its 
agent (in such capacity the "Service Agent") to perform certain services set out in the Servicing Agency 
Agreement (the "Services") in respect of the Assets of each Series. 
Periodic Distribution Payments 
The Service Agent will record: (i) all Principal Revenues from the Assets of each Series in a book-entry 
ledger account (the "Principal Collection Account"); and (ii) all revenues from the Assets of each Series 
that are not Principal Revenues and payments of the Murabaha Profit component of the Deferred Sale Price 
under the Murabaha Contract relating to the relevant Commodity Murabaha Investment (the "Income 
Revenues") in a book-entry ledger account (the "Income Collection Account"). On the business day prior 
to each Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent shall use amounts standing to the credit of the Income 
Collection Account to pay to the Transaction Account an amount which is intended to be sufficient to fund 
the Periodic Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Certificates of the relevant Series on the 
Periodic Distribution Date falling one business day after such date (the "Required Amount") and any such 
amount paid into the Transaction Account shall be applied by the Trustee for that purpose. 
If on the business day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date the amounts standing to the credit of the Income 
Collection Account are greater than the relevant Required Amount, such excess returns shall, after payment 
of any claims, actual losses, actual costs and expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service Agent 
or other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee (the "Service Agent Liabilities 
Amount") in providing the Services and payment of any Liquidity Facility (as defined below), be credited 
by the Service Agent to a separate book-entry ledger account (such account, the "Reserve Account"). 
If on the business day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date the amounts standing to the credit of the Income 
Collection Account are less than the relevant Required Amount, the Service Agent shall deduct amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account towards funding such shortfall and, if such amounts standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account are insufficient for such purpose, the Service Agent may provide to 
the Trustee Shari'a-compliant funding in an amount equal to the remaining shortfall (a "Liquidity 
Facility"). 
Dissolution Payments 
On the business day prior to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
the outstanding Deferred Sale Price shall be due and payable; and 
(b) 
the Trustee will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require APICORP to purchase 
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and 
under the Assets in consideration for payment by APICORP of the Exercise Price.

--- Page 46 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 34 - 
75-40744906 
 
The outstanding Deferred Sale Price payable by APICORP under the Master Murabaha Agreement and the 
Exercise Price payable by APICORP under the Purchase Undertaking, are intended to fund the Dissolution 
Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee under the Certificates. 
The Certificates in relation to any Series may be redeemed in whole prior to the relevant Scheduled 
Dissolution Date for the following reasons: 
(a) 
redemption following a Dissolution Event;  
(b) 
an early redemption for taxation reasons; and 
(c) 
an early redemption for clean-up reasons. 
In each case, the amounts payable by the Trustee on the due date for dissolution will be funded in the same 
manner as for the payment of the Dissolution Distribution Amount on the Scheduled Dissolution Date. 
The Certificates in relation to any Series may also be redeemed in whole or in part prior to the relevant 
Scheduled Dissolution Date for the following reasons: 
(a) 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Certificateholders; 
(b) 
at the option of the Certificateholders following a Tangibility Event; and  
(c) 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the option of APICORP. 
Upon the exercise of such right, the Trustee shall redeem the relevant Certificates for an amount equal to 
the sum of the face amounts of such Certificates and the Periodic Distribution Amounts on such Certificates 
(if any) accrued and unpaid to the date of redemption, together with any amounts specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Such redemption of the Certificates will be funded in a similar manner to that described above 
for the payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts and the Dissolution Distribution Amount through: (i) a 
proportionate amount of the outstanding Deferred Sale Price becoming immediately due and payable; and 
(ii) the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under a 
proportionate amount of the Assets being sold by the Trustee to APICORP pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking at a purchase price such that it is expected that the aggregate amounts 
received by the Trustee are sufficient to pay the amount payable in respect of the Certificates being 
redeemed. 
Following the redemption of the Certificates in full, the Service Agent shall be entitled to retain any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account for its own account as an incentive fee for acting as Service 
Agent.

--- Page 47 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 35 - 
75-40744906 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Tranche will be in registered form. Certificates will be offered and sold outside the 
United States to persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Tranche will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a "Global Certificate"). 
Each Global Certificate will represent undivided ownership interests in the relevant Trust Assets. Global 
Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
will be registered in the name of a nominee for the common depositary. Persons holding ownership interests 
in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described 
below, to receive physical delivery of Individual Certificates (as defined in the Conditions) in fully 
registered form. 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Certificate will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined in the Conditions) as the 
registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate. None of the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Certificates in definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in 
the Conditions) in the manner provided in the Conditions. 
Payments of the applicable Dissolution Distribution Amount, Periodic Distribution Amounts or any other 
amount in respect of the Global Certificate will be made to the persons shown on the Register at the close 
of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for 
such payment where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for 
which the Global Certificate is being held is open for business. 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Individual 
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and 
Waiver) if an Exchange Event occurs. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) a Dissolution 
Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Trustee has been notified 
that Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Individual Certificates 
and the Trustee will, at the cost of the Trustee (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant 
Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or 
imposed in connection with such exchange), cause sufficient Individual Certificates to be executed and 
delivered to the Registrar within 15 days following the request for exchange for completion and dispatch 
to the relevant Certificateholders. A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the 
Registrar with a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Trustee and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Individual Certificates. 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and their respective agents as the 
holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to any payment in 
relation to such Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall 
be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and their respective agents as the 
holder of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 36 - 
75-40744906 
 
Global Certificate and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder of Certificates" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Certificates 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common 
code and ISIN assigned to Certificates of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Trustee and APICORP may agree with any Dealer and the Delegate that Certificates may be issued in 
a form not contemplated by the Conditions herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Certificates.

--- Page 49 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 37 - 
75-40744906 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche issued under the 
Programme. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]/[EUWA] ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Trustee has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Certificates are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) [and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]  
Final Terms dated [•] 
APICORP Sukuk Limited 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] 
under the 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Certificates (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 October 2021 [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]* (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]* and must be 
 
* 
To be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to listing on the official list, and to trading on 
the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
* 
To be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to listing on the official list, and to trading on 
the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 50 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 38 - 
75-40744906 
 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Trustee, APICORP and the offer of 
the Certificates is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. 
Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and copies may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, 
United Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Certificates (the "Conditions")  set forth in the base prospectus dated [9 May 2019]/[6 June 2017]/[21 
June 2016]/[29 June 2015]. This document [constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
dated 12 October 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain 
all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[9 May 2019]/[6 June 2017]/[21 June 2016]/[29 June 2015] and are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. 
Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and copies may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, 
United Kingdom.] 
In these Final Terms, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Certificates have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer, Trustee and Purchaser: 
APICORP Sukuk Limited 
 
2. 
Seller, 
Obligor, 
Buyer 
and 
Service Agent: 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation ("APICORP") 
 
3. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(c) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Certificates 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Certificates will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue Date] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
4. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Aggregate Face Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•]

--- Page 51 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 39 - 
75-40744906 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[100] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
 
 
(ii) 
Tangible 
Asset 
Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(iii)  
Intangible 
Asset 
Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(iv) 
Murabaha 
Investment 
Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Murabaha Profit: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Purchase 
Price 
for 
[Initial]/[Additional]  
Assets: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(this 
means 
the 
minimum integral face 
amount 
in 
which 
transfers can be made) 
(N.B. If an issue of Certificates is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on an European Economic Area exchange; and 
(ii) only offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the EUR 
100,000 minimum denomination is not required.) 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Profit Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(c) 
Profit Period Dates: 
[Each Periodic Distribution Date]/ [•]] 
 
9. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[•] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Certificates) Periodic 
Distribution Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year.) 
 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount] 
 
 
 
[LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR/SHIBOR/ 
HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR/  
TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/
PRIBOR/SOFR] +/- [•] per cent. per annum Floating 
Periodic Distribution Amount (further particulars 
specified in paragraph [15/16] below) 
 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Certificates will be redeemed at [100]/[•] 
per cent. of their aggregate face amount

--- Page 52 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 40 - 
75-40744906 
 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution 
Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Certificateholder Put Right] 
 
 
 
[Optional Dissolution Right] 
 
 
 
[further particulars specified in paragraph [17/18/19] 
below] 
 
14. 
(a) 
Status: 
Unsubordinated 
 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Certificates [and entry 
into 
the 
related 
Transaction 
Documents] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Certificates or related Transaction Documents) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE 
 
15. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Certificate 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Profit Rate[(s)]: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
(b) 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Date(s): 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date]/[adjusted in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
 
 
 
(Insert modification wording for Renminbi denominated 
fixed rate Certificates, which are subject to the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention) 
 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short return accumulation periods) 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(Insert the following alternative wording if Certificates 
are issued in Renminbi) 
 
 
 
[Each Fixed Amount is calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Profit Rate and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest CNY 0.01, with CNY 0.005 being rounded 
upwards.] 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Periodic 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken Periodic 
Distribution Amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Amount(s) specified under paragraph 15(c))

--- Page 53 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 41 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(Insert [Actual/365 (Fixed)] for Renminbi denominated 
fixed rate Certificates) 
 
 
(f) 
Profit 
Rate 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular Periodic 
Distribution Dates, ignoring issue date or Scheduled 
Dissolution Date in the case of Periodic Distribution 
Dates which are not in respect of periods of equal 
duration) 
 
 
(g) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
16. 
Floating 
Rate 
Certificate 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Return 
Accumulation 
Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Return Accumulation Period and Specified Periodic 
Distribution 
Dates 
are 
alternatives. 
A 
Return 
Accumulation Period, rather than Specified Periodic 
Distribution Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
"Not Applicable") 
 
 
(b) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Dates: 
[•] [,[in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (c) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (c) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is 
the Floating Rate Convention, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
 
(c) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
 
(d) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(e) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Reference 
Rate: 
[•] month

--- Page 54 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 42 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
 
[LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR/TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBO
R/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR] 
 
 
(ii) 
Profit 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Return Accumulation Period]/[First day of 
each 
Return 
Accumulation 
Period]/[The 
[first/second/third/[•]] 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding the Periodic Distribution Date for each Return 
Accumulation Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Certificates are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Periodic Distribution 
Date at the end of each Return Accumulation Period; 
provided that the Periodic Distribution Determination 
Date with respect to the last Return Accumulation Period 
prior to the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the date fixed 
for redemption will be the Profit Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]*  
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall-back provisions appropriately or, in the 
case of EIBOR, if not Reuters AEIBOR, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate.) 
 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] (For example, 11.00 a.m. London time / Brussels time) 
 
 
(v) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily]/[Weighted 
Average]/[SOFR 
Index]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation Shift]/ [SOFR Index]/ 
[Payment Delay]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]* 
 
 
(ix) 
D: 
[365]/[360]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
Profit Rate Cut-
off Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable – used for Payment Delay only]*/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
 
* 
To be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date where the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
* 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period 
between the Periodic Distribution Date and the Periodic Distribution Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as 
the Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable". 
* 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying 
Agent.

--- Page 55 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 43 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Return Accumulation Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long return accumulation period)] 
 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Profit Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(j) 
Maximum Profit Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual][Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)][Actual/360][30/360][30E/360][30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
 
(l) 
Calculation 
Agent 
(party responsible for 
calculating the Profit 
Rate(s) and/or Periodic 
Distribution 
Amount(s)): 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[•] 
 
 
(m)  
Effective 
Periodic 
Distribution Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Periodic Distribution Date, provided that the Effective 
Periodic Distribution Date with respect to the last Return 
Accumulation Period will be the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date or, if the Certificates are redeemed before the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date, the date fixed for 
redemption (include for Payment Delay only)]*/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(n)  
Benchmark 
Replacement fall back: 
[Condition 
7.9(a) 
(Independent 
Adviser) 
is 
applicable]/[Condition 7.9(b) (ARRC) is applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
 
17. 
Optional Dissolution Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Dissolution Distribution 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Certificate: 
[Final Dissolution Amount] [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Date(s): 
[Any Periodic Distribution Date]/ [•] 
 
 
* 
Effective Periodic Distribution Dates should be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days  
after the Periodic Distribution Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 56 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 44 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
Minimum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Trustee and/or 
APICORP and the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Delegate) 
 
18. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Certificateholder 
Put 
Right Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Dissolution Distribution 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Certificate: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
Minimum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Trustee 
and/or APICORP and the Principal Paying Agent or 
Delegate) 
 
19. 
Dissolution following a Tax 
Event: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
Minimum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example,

--- Page 57 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 45 - 
75-40744906 
 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Trustee 
and/or APICORP and the Principal Paying Agent or 
Delegate) 
20. 
Dissolution Distribution Amount 
on Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
21. 
Dissolution Distribution 
Amount of each Certificate 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/ or the method of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
 
22. 
Clean Up Call Right 
 
 
 
(a) 
Dissolution Distribution 
Amount of each 
Certificate: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
 
 
(b)       Notice periods: 
Minimum Notice Period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Trustee 
and/or APICORP and the Principal Paying Agent or 
Delegate) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
 
23. 
Form of Certificates: 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual 
Certificates in definitive registered form in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Certificate 
 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not Return Accumulation Period end dates, to which 
sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE TRUST ASSETS 
 
25. 
Details of Transaction Account: 
APICORP Sukuk Limited Transaction Account No: [•] 
with [•] for Series No.: [1/2/3 etc.]

--- Page 58 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 46 - 
75-40744906 
 
26. 
Other Transaction Document 
Information: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Supplemental 
Trust 
Deed: 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated [•] between the Trustee, 
APICORP and the Delegate 
 
 
(b) 
Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement: 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated [•] between the 
Purchaser and APICORP 
 
 
 
(c) 
[Declaration 
of 
Commingling of Assets: 
Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [•] executed 
by the Trustee]

--- Page 59 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 47 - 
75-40744906 
 
SIGNED on behalf of 
SIGNED on behalf of 
APICORP SUKUK LIMITED 
ARAB PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS 
CORPORATION 
 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
By:  ...................................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 48 - 
75-40744906 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Trustee (or 
on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market [and Nasdaq Dubai]/[•]] with effect from 
[•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to 
be admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market [and Nasdaq Dubai]/[•]] with 
effect from [•].] 
[The listing of Certificates on Nasdaq Dubai has 
not been approved by the Central Bank under 
the Prospectus Regulation.]*  
 
 
 
(where documenting a fungible issue indicate 
that original Certificates are already admitted 
to trading) 
 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[Euronext Dublin: [•]] 
[Nasdaq Dubai: [•]] 
[[•]: [•]] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[[The Certificates to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Certificates of this 
type 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme 
generally]/[are unrated]]: 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
Moody's is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.  
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Trustee and APICORP are 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Manager/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for the Trustee or APICORP or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for 
which they may receive fees – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.] 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
[PROFIT OR RETURN (Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates only) 
 
 
Indication of profit or return: 
[•] 
 
 
* 
Include for any Certificates listed on Nasdaq Dubai.

--- Page 61 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 49 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
 
The profit or return is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future profit or return.] 
 
5. 
HISTORIC RATES (Floating Rate Distribution Certificates only) 
 
 
Details 
of 
historic 
[LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/ 
TRLIBOR/TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR/SOFR] rates can 
be obtained from [Reuters]. 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(c) 
[FISN: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
 
(d) 
[CFI Code: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
(d) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(c) 
Stabilisation  Manager(s) (if any): [Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(d) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 
 
8.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(a)  
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[•] 
 
 
(b)  
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 62 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 50 - 
75-40744906 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, will apply to each 
Global Certificate and shall be applicable to the Certificates in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for the Global Certificate representing each Series. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: APICORP Sukuk Limited (in its capacities as issuer and as trustee, the "Trustee") 
and Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation (in its capacity as obligor, "APICORP") have 
established a trust certificate issuance programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of 
certificates (the "Certificates") as described in the amended and restated programme agreement 
between the Trustee, APICORP and the Dealers (as defined and named therein) dated 12 October 
2021 (the "Programme Agreement"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Certificates together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic Distribution 
Amounts (as defined below) thereon and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start 
to accrue. 
1.2 
Final Terms: Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in Series. Each Series is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplement these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued on different Issue Dates 
(as defined below). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Certificates are 
these Conditions as supplemented by the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3 
Trust Deed: The Certificates are constituted by an amended and restated master trust deed dated 
12 October 2021 between the Trustee, APICORP, and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited in its capacity as donee of certain powers and as the Trustee's delegate (the "Delegate", 
which expression shall include all persons for the time being the delegate or delegates under such 
master trust deed) (the "Master Trust Deed") as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed 
entered into on the date of issue of the relevant Certificates (the "Issue Date") in respect of the 
relevant Series (the "Supplemental Trust Deed" and, together with the Master Trust Deed, the 
"Trust Deed"). 
1.4 
Agency Agreement: An amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented as 
at the relevant Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated 12 October 2021 has been entered into 
in relation to the Programme between the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as initial principal paying agent, paying agent and calculation agent, 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and transfer agent and 
the other agents named in it. 
1.5 
Other Transaction Documents: These Conditions are subject to the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined below). The 
Certificateholders (as defined below) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions applicable to them in the Transaction Documents. Copies of the Transaction Documents 
are available for inspection, on prior notice, during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Principal Paying Agent. 
1.6 
Authorisation: Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a 
Certificate, shall be deemed to authorise and direct the Trustee, on behalf of the Certificateholders: 
(i) to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates towards the purchase of Eligible Assets (as 
defined below) and/or the entry into of a Commodity Murabaha Investment (in the proportions to 
be determined prior to the relevant Issue Date and otherwise in accordance with the provisions of 
the Transaction Documents); and (ii) to enter into each Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions.

--- Page 63 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 51 - 
75-40744906 
 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: Unless defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalised words and 
expressions used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement. In addition, for the purposes of these Conditions, the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent(s), 
the Registrar(s) and the Transfer Agent(s) or any of them and shall include such Agent or Agents 
as may be appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement; 
"APICORP Event" means, with respect to any Series, any of the following events: 
(a) 
Non-payment: APICORP (acting in any capacity) fails to pay any amount in the nature of 
principal (corresponding to the Dissolution Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee 
under the Certificates) or profit (corresponding to the Periodic Distribution Amounts 
payable by the Trustee under the Certificates) payable by it pursuant to any Transaction 
Document to which it is a party on the due date for payment thereof and such failure has 
continued for a period of 90 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: APICORP (acting in any capacity): (a) delivers a notice to 
the Trustee and/or the Delegate pursuant to clause 4.2(c) of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement; or (b) defaults in the performance or observance of its obligations under clause 
5.1 of the Purchase Undertaking and such default remains unremedied for 90 days; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: APICORP fails to pay any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period and provided that: (i) 
the amount of such Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, individually or in the aggregate, 
exceeds U.S.$25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); and (ii) 
such failure has continued for a period of 90 days; 
"Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.6 (Business Day 
Convention); 
"Calculation Agent" means, in relation to any Series of Certificates, the institution appointed as 
calculation agent for the purposes of such Certificates and named as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the case of the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement, in the case of 
a Dealer, pursuant to the Programme Agreement and, in the case of any other institution pursuant

--- Page 64 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 52 - 
75-40744906 
 
to a letter of appointment in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 4 of the Agency 
Agreement and, in any case, any successor to such institution in its capacity as such; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cancellation Notice" means a cancellation notice given pursuant to the terms of the Sale 
Undertaking; 
"Certificateholder" has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Title to Certificates); 
"Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4 (Dissolution 
at the Option of Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Certificateholder Put Right" means the right specified in Condition 8.4 (Dissolution at the 
Option of Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)); 
"Certificateholder Put Right Date" means, in relation to any exercise of the Certificateholder Put 
Right, the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which must (if this Certificate 
is a Floating Rate Certificate) be a Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"Commodities" means any of the commodities traded over the counter, which comprise any 
Shari'a compliant London Metal Exchange approved non-ferrous base metals, platinum group 
metals, or other Shari'a compliant commodities acceptable to APICORP and the Trustee, which, 
in each case, must be kept in London Metal Exchange approved, non-United Kingdom bonded 
warehouses or secure vaults; 
"Commodity Murabaha Investment" means, in relation to a Series, the sale of certain 
Commodities by the Trustee to APICORP (in its capacity as the Buyer (as defined in the Master 
Murabaha Agreement)), which Commodities were initially purchased by the Trustee using the 
Murabaha Investment Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to the Master 
Murabaha Agreement; 
"Commodity Purchase Agency Agreement" means the commodity purchase agency agreement 
dated 12 October 2021 between HSBC Bank Middle East Limited and the Trustee; 
"Commodity Purchase Agreement" means the commodity purchase agreement dated 12 October 
2021 between DD & Co Limited and HSBC Bank Middle East Limited; 
"Commodity Sale Agreement" means the commodity sale agreement dated 12 October 2021 
between APICORP and Condor Trade Limited;  
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement dated 18 June 2015 
between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of profit on any 
Certificates for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting a Return Accumulation Period, the "Calculation Period"), 
such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)"is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods in any year; and

--- Page 65 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 53 - 
75-40744906 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods in any year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Periodic Distribution Date(s); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 66 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 54 - 
75-40744906 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (A) 
that day is the last day of February; or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Deferred Sale Price" means the deferred sale price payable by APICORP to the Trustee in respect 
of the Commodity Murabaha Investment, if applicable to a Series as further described in the Master 
Murabaha Agreement;

--- Page 67 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 55 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Delegation" has the meaning given to it in Condition 17.1 (Delegation of Powers); 
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Dissolution Date" means, as the case may be: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date; 
(b) 
any Early Tax Dissolution Date; 
(c) 
any Optional Dissolution Date; 
(d) 
any Certificateholder Put Right Date; 
(e) 
any Tangibility Event Put Right Date; 
(f) 
any Dissolution Event Redemption Date; or 
(g) 
any Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date.  
"Dissolution Distribution Amount" means, in relation to a particular Series: 
(a) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the outstanding face amount of such Series; and 
(ii) 
any due and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts for such Series; or 
(b) 
such other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable upon any 
Dissolution Date; 
"Dissolution Event" means a Trustee Event or an APICORP Event; 
"Dissolution Event Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Dissolution 
Event); 
"Dissolution Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Dissolution Event); 
"Early Tax Dissolution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Taxation Reasons); 
"Eligible Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Exercise Notice" means an exercise notice given pursuant to the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking (as the case may be); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Fixed Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Certificates" means a Series in respect of which Fixed Rate Certificate Provisions 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floating Rate Certificates" means a Series in respect of which Floating Rate Certificate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Certificate" means a certificate in global form representing Certificates of the same Series 
that are registered in the name of a nominee for a common depository for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Title to Certificates);

--- Page 68 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 56 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Individual Certificate" means a certificate in definitive registered form issued by the Trustee in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Trust Deed in exchange for a Global Certificate; 
"Intangible Asset Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which shall be no more than 49 per cent.; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the Certificates of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Liability" means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, fee, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation in respect of taxes) and 
including any value added tax or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal or 
other fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis and references to "Liabilities" shall mean all of 
these; 
"Linear Interpolation Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
"Local Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the city in which the Principal Paying Agent has its Specified Office; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Master Murabaha Agreement" means the amended and restated master murabaha agreement 
dated 12 October 2021 and made between the Trustee and APICORP (as buyer); 
"Master Purchase Agreement" means the amended and restated master purchase agreement dated 
12 October 2021 between the Trustee (as purchaser) and APICORP (as seller); 
"Maximum Notice Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Optional Dissolution Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Minimum Notice Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Optional Dissolution Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development of any project, provided that (i) any Security Interest 
given by APICORP is limited solely to assets of the project, (ii) the person providing such financing 
expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed and the revenues derived from such

--- Page 69 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 57 - 
75-40744906 
 
project as the principal source of repayment for the monies advanced and (iii) there is no other 
recourse to APICORP in respect of any default by any person under the financing; 
"Optional Dissolution Date" means, in relation to any exercise of the Optional Dissolution Right, 
the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which must (if this Certificate is a 
Floating Rate Certificate) be a Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Optional Dissolution Right" means the right specified in Condition 8.3 (Dissolution at the 
Option of APICORP (Optional Dissolution Right)); 
"outstanding" shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Paying Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent and such further or other paying agent or 
agents as may be appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: (i) a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(ii) a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies (including, in the case of Certificates denominated in Renminbi, settlement of 
Renminbi payments) may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Periodic Distribution Amount" has the applicable meanings given to it in Condition 7 (Periodic 
Distribution Amounts); 
"Periodic Distribution Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of Certificates; 
(b) 
any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time such 
person is merged into, or consolidated with, APICORP, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not 
extend to any other assets or property of APICORP; 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
APICORP not created in contemplation of such acquisition; or 
(d) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) 
to (b) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security 
Interest the principal amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not 
been extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Economic Area as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected

--- Page 70 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 58 - 
75-40744906 
 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or any successor 
appointed as principal paying agent under the Programme pursuant to the Agency Agreement in 
respect of each Series of Certificates in its capacities: as (i) principal paying agent for such Series; 
and (ii) as the account bank with which the Transaction Account for each such Series is established; 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 21.5; 
"Profit Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Profit Period Date" means each Periodic Distribution Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Profit Rate" means the profit rate payable from time to time in respect of the Certificates and that 
is either specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions hereof; 
"Profit Rate Determination Date" means, with respect to a Profit Rate and Return Accumulation 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Return Accumulation Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi or 
(ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Return Accumulation Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro nor 
Renminbi or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Return 
Accumulation Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Purchase Undertaking" means the amended and restated purchase undertaking dated 12 October 
2021 and granted by APICORP for the benefit of the Trustee and the Delegate; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 (Record Date); 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Trustee and APICORP, as the case may be, in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(b) 
London interbank bid rate ("LIBID"); 
(c) 
London interbank mean rate ("LIMEAN"); 
(d) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR"); 
(e) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); 
(f) 
Singapore interbank offered rate ("SIBOR"); 
(g) 
Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR"); 
(h) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR"); 
(i) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(j) 
Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(k) 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("CNH HIBOR");

--- Page 71 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 59 - 
75-40744906 
 
(l) 
Secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"); 
(m) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR" or "TRYLIBOR"); and 
(n) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); 
"Register" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3 (Ownership); 
"Registered Office Agreement" means the registered office agreement dated 11 May 2015 
between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator; 
"Registrar" means, in respect of each Series of Certificates, The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch or any successor thereto in each case as registrar under the Agency 
Agreement (or such other registrar as may be appointed from time to time either generally in 
relation to the Programme or in relation to a specific Series); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due; and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Certificateholders; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in connection 
with a Non-Recourse Project Financing or Securitisation, which is in the form of or represented by 
any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or 
is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Jurisdictions" means each of the Cayman Islands, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United 
Arab Emirates, Libya, Iraq, Qatar, Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt and Syria; 
"Relevant Powers" has the meaning given to it in Condition 17.1 (Delegation of Powers); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan); 
"Renminbi Settlement Centre" means, in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, Hong Kong, 
Singapore and/or any other relevant financial centre, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in Condition 16.1 (Meetings of Certificateholders); 
"Return Accumulation Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Profit 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Profit Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) a Profit Period Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Profit Period Date; 
"Sale Undertaking" means the amended and restated sale undertaking dated 12 October 2021 and 
granted by the Trustee for the benefit of APICORP; 
"Scheduled Dissolution Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided 
that: (a) any Security Interest given by APICORP in connection therewith is limited solely to the

--- Page 72 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 60 - 
75-40744906 
 
assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (b) each person participating in 
such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised 
as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability; and 
(c) there is no other recourse to APICORP in respect of any default by any person under the 
securitisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Service Agent" means APICORP acting in its capacity as service agent under the Servicing 
Agency Agreement. 
"Servicing Agency Agreement" means the amended and restated Servicing Agency Agreement 
dated 12 October 2021 between the Trustee and the Service Agent; 
"Settlement Deed" means the settlement deed dated 12 October 2021 between the Trustee, 
APICORP, HSBC Bank Middle East Limited, DD & Co Limited and Condor Trade Limited; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Certificates are denominated; 
"Specified Denominations" means the amount(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): (a) whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the 
power to control, whether this be through ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint 
or remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or (b) whose 
financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated as a subsidiary with those of the first Person; 
"Sukuk Assets" means the Assets and the Commodity Murabaha Investment (if any) in respect of 
a Series; 
"Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in 
connection with any issue of certificates or other securities intended to be issued in compliance 
with the principles of Shari'a, whether or not in return for consideration of any kind, which for the 
time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on 
any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
"Supplemental Purchase Agreement" means the supplemental purchase agreement to be dated 
the Issue Date of the relevant Series between the Trustee and APICORP for the purchase of certain 
Eligible Assets; 
"Tangible Asset Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which shall be at least 51 per cent.; 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which TARGET2 is operating; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto; 
"Transaction Account" means, in relation to a particular Series, the non-interest bearing 
transaction account established in the name of the Trustee and operated by the Principal Paying 
Agent denominated in the Specified Currency and maintained in London, details of which are set 
out in the applicable Final Terms into which, among other things, APICORP will deposit all 
amounts due to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents;

--- Page 73 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 61 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Transaction Documents" means, in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Master Purchase Agreement as supplemented by the applicable Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the Sale Undertaking (together with each relevant transfer agreement executed upon 
exercise of the Sale Undertaking); 
(e) 
the Purchase Undertaking (together with each relevant transfer agreement executed upon 
exercise of the Purchase Undertaking); 
(f) 
the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
(g) 
if applicable to a Series, the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(together with all offers, acceptances and confirmations delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing 
in connection with the relevant Series); 
(h) 
if applicable to a Series, the Commodity Purchase Agreement; 
(i) 
if applicable to a Series, the Commodity Sale Agreement; 
(j) 
if applicable to a Series, the Commodity Purchase Agency Agreement; and 
(k) 
if applicable to a Series, the Settlement Deed; 
"Transfer Agent" means, in respect of each Series of Certificates, The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch or any successor thereto in each case as transfer agent under the 
Agency Agreement and such further or other transfer agents as may be appointed from time to time 
either generally in relation to the Programme or in relation to a specific Series; 
"Trust" means, in respect of a Series, the trust created by the Trustee over the Trust Assets pursuant 
to the Trust Deed; 
"Trust Assets" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.1 (Trust Assets); 
"Trustee Administrator" means MaplesFS Limited; and 
"Trustee Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Trustee fails to pay any Dissolution Distribution Amount, any Periodic 
Distribution Amount or any other amount (whether in the nature of principal or profit or 
otherwise) in respect of the Certificates on the due date for payment thereof and such 
failure has continued for a period of 90 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Trustee defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under the Master Trust Deed and such default is incapable of 
remedy or, if capable of remedy, such default is not unremedied for a period of 90 days; 
or 
(c) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed in respect of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Trustee and such possession or appointment continues for a 
period of 60 days after the date thereof; or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Trustee becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed in respect of the whole or a substantial 
part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Trustee is appointed; or (iii) the Trustee 
takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a

--- Page 74 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 62 - 
75-40744906 
 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or declares a moratorium in respect of all or a substantial part of its Indebtedness or Sukuk 
Obligations or any guarantee of any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation given by it; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Trustee or the Trustee ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business (otherwise than as approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders); or 
(f) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c) (Security enforced) to 
(e) (Winding up, etc.) above; or 
(g) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Trustee to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Certificates and the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party or the Trustee repudiates or contests any of its obligations under or 
in respect of the Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
For the purpose of paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above of this definition, all amounts payable in 
respect of the Certificates shall be considered due and payable (including any amounts expressed 
to be payable under Condition 7 (Periodic Distribution Amounts)) notwithstanding that the Trustee 
has at the relevant time insufficient funds or relevant Trust Assets to pay such amounts (whether 
as a result of the application of Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets) or 
otherwise) subject always to Condition 4.2 (Limited Recourse). 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
all references to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
all references to the "face amount" of a Certificate shall be deemed to include the relevant 
Dissolution Distribution Amount, any additional amounts (other than relating to Periodic 
Distribution Amounts) which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of face amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
all references to "Periodic Distribution Amounts" shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under 
Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of a profit distribution payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(d) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms, but the applicable Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Certificates; and 
(e) 
any reference to any Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the Certificates. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
3.1 
Certificates: The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denomination(s), which 
may include a minimum denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of 
Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
These Conditions are modified by certain provisions contained in the Global Certificate. Except in 
limited circumstances, owners of interests in the Global Certificate will not be entitled to receive 
definitive certificates representing their holdings of Certificates. In the case of Certificates in

--- Page 75 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 63 - 
75-40744906 
 
definitive form, an Individual Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect of its 
registered holding of Certificates. 
3.2 
Title to Certificates: Upon issue, the Certificates will be represented by a Global Certificate which 
will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for a common depository for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. For so long as any of the Certificates are represented by 
a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, ownership 
interests in the Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be effected 
through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective 
participants. Each person (other than the relevant clearing system) who is for the time being shown 
in such records as the holder of a particular face amount of Certificates (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by the relevant clearing system as to the face amount of such 
Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate and the 
Agents as the holder of such face amount of such certificates for all purposes other than with respect 
to payment in respect of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the Global 
Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate and any Agent as the holder of 
such face amount (representing an undivided pro rata ownership interest in the relevant Trust 
Assets in accordance with the Transaction Documents) of such Certificates in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions "Holder" and 
"Certificateholder" in relation to any Certificates and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
3.3 
Ownership: The Registrar will maintain a register of Certificateholders outside the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). The 
Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
laws) deem and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Certificates are for the time being 
registered (as set out in the Register) as the Holder of such certificates or of a particular face amount 
of the Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Certificates or face amount shall be overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, 
and any notice of loss or theft or any writing thereon), and the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate 
and the Agents shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. All payments made to such 
registered Holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, effective to satisfy and 
discharge the liability for monies payable in respect of such Certificates or face amount. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Certificates under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. The Holder of a Certificate will be recognised by the 
Trustee as entitled to his Certificate free from any equity, set-off or counterclaim on the part of the 
Trustee against the original or any intermediate holder of such Certificate. 
3.4 
Transfers of Certificates: 
Subject to Conditions 3.7 (Closed periods) and 3.8 (Regulations Concerning Transfers and 
Registration) below: 
(a) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificate: Transfers of pro rata interests 
in the Global Certificate will be effected by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and in turn by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. An interest in the 
Global Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Certificates in definitive form only in the Specified 
Denomination or integral multiples thereof and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Certificates in definitive form: Upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Certificate in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination or an integral 
multiple thereof). In order to effect any such transfer the Holder or Holders must: (i) 
surrender the Individual Certificate for registration of the transfer thereof (or the relevant

--- Page 76 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 64 - 
75-40744906 
 
part thereof) at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form 
of transfer thereon duly executed by the Holder or Holders thereof or his or their attorney 
or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (ii) complete and deposit such other evidence 
to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed 
the form of transfer as may be reasonably required by the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate and the Registrar may from time to 
time prescribe. 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has 
its Specified Office) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), and following receipt of a signed new Individual 
Certificate from the Trustee, deliver at its Specified Office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by regular uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to such address as the 
transferee may request a new Individual Certificate of a like aggregate face amount to the 
Certificates (or the relevant part of the Certificates) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part 
only of an Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
Certificates not transferred will be so delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
3.5 
Exercise of Options or Partial Dissolution in Respect of Certificates: In the case of an exercise 
of APICORP's or a Certificateholder's option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Certificates, the Registrar will update the entries on the Register accordingly and, in the case of 
Individual Certificates, new Individual Certificates shall be issued to the Holders to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding for which no payment was made. 
New Individual Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Individual 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
3.6 
No Charge: The transfer of a Certificate, exercise of an option or partial dissolution will be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Trustee or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against 
such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting 
any registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas). 
3.7 
Closed Periods: Certificateholders may not require transfers to be registered: 
(a) 
during the period of 15 days ending on (and including) the due date for payment of any 
Dissolution Distribution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount or any other date on 
which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in respect of the relevant 
Certificates falls due; 
(b) 
during the period of 15 days ending on (and including) any date on which the relevant 
Certificates may be called for redemption by the Trustee or APICORP at its option 
pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 8.3 
(Dissolution at the Option of APICORP (Optional Dissolution Right)); or 
(c) 
after a Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice has been delivered in respect of the relevant 
Certificate(s) in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right)) or a Tangibility Event Put Notice has 
been delivered in respect of the relevant Certificate(s) in accordance with Condition 8.5 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right)). 
3.8 
Regulations Concerning Transfers and Registration: All transfers of Certificates and entries on 
the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Certificates scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Trustee, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Delegate or by the Registrar with the prior written approval of

--- Page 77 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 65 - 
75-40744906 
 
the Delegate, provided that any such change is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Certificateholders. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge to the 
Certificateholder by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas)) by the Registrar to any 
Certificateholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Limited Recourse 
4.1 
Status of the Certificates: The Certificates represent an undivided ownership interest in the 
relevant Trust Assets and are limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. Each Certificate shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference or priority with all other Certificates of the 
relevant Series. The payment obligations of APICORP (in any capacity) under the Transaction 
Documents shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation that is both 
mandatory and of general application and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of APICORP, present and future. 
4.2 
Limited Recourse: Save as provided in this Condition 4.2, the Certificates do not represent an 
interest in or obligation of any of the Trustee, the Delegate, APICORP, any of the Agents or any 
of their respective affiliates. The proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the Certificates of each Series. The net proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement 
with respect to, the relevant Trust Assets may not be sufficient to make all payments due in respect 
of the Certificates. Subject to Condition 12 (Dissolution Events), Certificateholders, by subscribing 
for or acquiring the Certificates, acknowledge that notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in these Conditions or any Transaction Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by the Trustee or the Delegate or 
any directors, officers, employees or agents on their behalf except to the extent funds are 
available therefor from the relevant Trust Assets and further acknowledge and agree that 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount due and payable hereunder or 
under any Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee or other amount 
hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon the Transaction 
Documents, against the Trustee or the Delegate to the extent the relevant Trust Assets have 
been exhausted, following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished; 
(b) 
the Trustee may not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the Trust Assets or any 
part thereof (save as permitted pursuant to the Sale Undertaking and the Purchase 
Undertaking) to a third party, and may only realise its rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Trust Assets in the manner expressly 
provided in the Transaction Documents; 
(c) 
if the proceeds of the Trust Assets are insufficient to make all payments due in respect of 
the Certificates, Certificateholders will have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee (other 
than the relevant Trust Assets) or the Delegate or the Agents or any of their respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders or affiliates, in respect of any shortfall 
or otherwise; 
(d) 
no Certificateholders will be able to petition for, institute, or join with any other person in 
instituting proceedings for, the reorganisation, arrangement, liquidation, bankruptcy, 
winding-up or receivership or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law 
against the Trustee (and/or its directors), the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders or affiliates as a consequence of such 
shortfall or otherwise; 
(e) 
no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceedings or assessment 
or otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of the 
Trustee or the Delegate arising under or in connection with the Transaction Documents by 
virtue of any customary law, statute or otherwise shall be had against any shareholder, 
officer, employee, agent, director or corporate services provider of the Trustee or the 
Delegate in their capacity as such for any breaches by the Trustee or Delegate and any and 
all personal liability of every such shareholder, officer, employee, agent, director or 
corporate services provider in their capacity as such for any breaches by the Trustee or the

--- Page 78 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 66 - 
75-40744906 
 
Delegate of any such duty, obligation or undertaking is expressly waived and excluded to 
the extent permitted by law. The obligations of the Trustee and the Delegate under the 
Transaction Documents are corporate or limited liability obligations of the Trustee and no 
personal liability shall attach to or be incurred by the officers or directors of the Trustee 
or the Delegate (in their capacity as such), save in the case of their wilful default or actual 
fraud (or, in the case of the officers or directors of the Delegate only, wilful default or 
fraud). Reference in this Condition 4.2 to wilful default, fraud or actual fraud (as 
applicable) means a finding to such effect by a court of competent jurisdiction in relation 
to the conduct of the relevant party; and 
(f) 
it shall not be entitled to claim or exercise any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or 
other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Certificates. No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations 
under the Certificates (without prejudice to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge)). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, APICORP is obliged to make payments under 
the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party directly to or to the order of the Trustee. 
Such payment obligations form part of the Trust Assets and the Trustee and the Delegate will 
thereby have direct recourse against APICORP to recover payments due to the Trustee from 
APICORP pursuant to such Transaction Documents notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 4.2. Such right of the Trustee and the Delegate shall (subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge)) constitute an unsecured claim against 
APICORP. None of the Certificateholders, the Trustee and the Delegate shall be entitled to claim 
any priority right in respect of any specific assets of APICORP in connection with the enforcement 
of any such claim. 
5. 
The Trust 
5.1 
Trust Assets: Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets for each Series upon 
trust absolutely for and on behalf of the Certificateholders of such Series pro rata according to the 
face amount of Certificates held by each holder. The term "Trust Assets" in respect of each Series 
means the following: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, pending the application thereof in 
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, of the Trustee in, 
to and under the Sukuk Assets from time to time (excluding any representations given by 
APICORP to the Trustee and/or the Delegate under any documents constituting the Sukuk 
Assets from time to time); 
(c) 
the rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, of the Trustee in, 
to and under the Transaction Documents (excluding any representations given by 
APICORP to the Trustee and/or the Delegate pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents or the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 of the Master 
Trust Deed); 
(d) 
all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
5.2 
Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets: On each Periodic Distribution Date and on any 
Dissolution Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall apply the monies standing to the credit of the 
relevant Transaction Account in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the 
extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to the Delegate in respect of all amounts payable 
to it under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate (including any amounts 
payable to the Delegate in respect of its Appointees (as defined in the Master Trust Deed)) 
and to any receiver, manager or administrative receiver or any other analogous officer 
appointed in respect of the Trust by the Delegate in accordance with the Trust Deed;

--- Page 79 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 67 - 
75-40744906 
 
(b) 
second, only if such payment is due on a Periodic Distribution Date (to the extent not 
previously paid) to pay pro rata and pari passu: (i) the Trustee in respect of all properly 
incurred and documented amounts payable to it under the Transaction Documents in its 
capacity as Trustee; (ii) each Agent in respect of all amounts payable to such Agent on 
account of its fees, costs, indemnities, charges and expenses and the payment or 
satisfaction of any Liability incurred by such Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement or 
the other Transaction Documents in its capacity as Agent; and (iii) the Trustee 
Administrator in respect of all amounts payable to it on account of its fees, costs, charges 
and expenses and the payment or satisfaction of any Liability incurred by the Trustee 
Administrator pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office 
Agreement; 
(c) 
third, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and 
rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due but unpaid; 
(d) 
fourth, only if such payment is due on a Dissolution Date, to the Principal Paying Agent 
for application in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of the relevant Dissolution 
Distribution Amount; and 
(e) 
fifth, only on the Scheduled Dissolution Date (or any earlier date on which the Certificates 
are redeemed in full) and provided that all amounts required to be paid on the Certificates 
hereunder have been discharged in full, in payment of any residual amount to APICORP 
in its capacity as Service Agent as an incentive fee for its performance under the Servicing 
Agency Agreement. 
5.3 
Transaction Account: The Trustee will establish a Transaction Account in respect of each Series 
by no later than the fifth Local Banking Day following the relevant Issue Date. The Transaction 
Account shall be operated by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Trustee for the benefit of 
Certificateholders into which APICORP will deposit all amounts payable by it to the Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
6. 
Covenants 
6.1 
Trustee Covenants: The Trustee covenants that for so long as any Certificates are outstanding, it 
shall not (without the prior written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any Indebtedness (including any Sukuk Obligation) in respect of financed, borrowed 
or raised money whatsoever (whether structured (or intended to be structured) in 
accordance with the principles of Shari'a or otherwise), or give any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options 
in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) except, in all 
cases, as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
secure any of its present or future Indebtedness by any lien, pledge, charge or other 
Security Interest upon any of its present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than 
those arising by operation of law (if any) and other than under or pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, 
mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by Security Interest, preference, priority 
or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever 
or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of its interests in 
any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
except as provided in Condition 16 (Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and 
Waiver), amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a 
party (other than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its constitutional documents; 
(e) 
except as provided in the Trust Deed, act as trustee in respect of any trust other than the 
Trust or in respect of any parties other than the Certificateholders; 
(f) 
have any subsidiaries or employees;

--- Page 80 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 68 - 
75-40744906 
 
(g) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution 
to its shareholders; 
(h) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as stated in the 
Transaction Documents; 
(i) 
put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, its 
winding-up or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding with respect to it; or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or as expressly contemplated, permitted or 
required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other than: 
(i) 
as contemplated, provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of the Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
6.2 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Certificates remain outstanding (as defined in the Master Trust 
Deed), APICORP shall not, other than a Permitted Security Interest, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, or to secure 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, without: 
(a) at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is party (in whatever capacity); or (b) providing such other 
security or other arrangement for those obligations as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders. 
7. 
Periodic Distribution Amounts 
7.1 
Fixed Rate Certificates Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7.1 is applicable to the Certificates only if the Fixed Rate 
Certificates Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution Dates: Each Fixed Rate Certificate bears profit on its outstanding 
face amount from the Profit Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Profit Rate, such profit being payable in arrear on each Periodic 
Distribution Date. The amount of profit payable shall be a Fixed Amount, a Broken 
Amount or an amount determined in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Calculation of 
Periodic Distribution Amount). Each such amount of profit is referred to in these 
Conditions as a "Periodic Distribution Amount". Periodic Distribution Amounts shall 
be distributed to Certificateholders by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Trustee, 
pro rata to their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the Transaction 
Account and subject to Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets) and 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
7.2 
Floating Rate Certificate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7.2 is applicable to the Certificates only if the Floating Rate 
Certificates Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution Dates: Each Floating Rate Certificate bears profit on its outstanding 
face amount from the Profit Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Profit Rate, such profit being payable in arrear on each Periodic 
Distribution Date. The amount of profit payable shall be an amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.3 (Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount). Each such 
amount of profit is referred to in these Conditions as a "Periodic Distribution Amount". 
Such Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are either shown in the applicable Final Terms as

--- Page 81 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 69 - 
75-40744906 
 
Specified Periodic Distribution Dates or, if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) 
is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms, Periodic Distribution Date shall mean each 
date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Return Accumulation Period after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, in 
the case of the first Periodic Distribution Date, after the Profit Commencement Date. 
Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be distributed to Certificateholders by the Principal 
Paying Agent on behalf of the Trustee, pro rata to their respective holdings, out of 
amounts transferred to the Transaction Account and subject to Condition 5.2 (Application 
of Proceeds from Trust Assets) and Condition 9 (Payments). 
(c) 
Profit Rate for Floating Rate Certificates: The Profit Rate in respect of Floating Rate 
Certificates for each Return Accumulation Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and the provisions herein 
relating to either Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination shall apply 
(depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates not referencing SOFR: Subject 
to Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Profit Rate(s) (other than in respect 
of Certificates for which SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms) is/are to be determined, the Profit Rate applicable to the Certificates for each 
Return Accumulation Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Profit Rate 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Trustee and 
APICORP) will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Profit 
Rate Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Trustee or APICORP will: 
(A) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Profit Rate Determination Date in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent 
will (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) determine the arithmetic 
mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP)) quoted by 
major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency selected 
by the Trustee or APICORP at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period for loans in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to the relevant Return Accumulation Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Profit Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Return 
Accumulation Period, and provided further that such failure is not due to the occurrence

--- Page 82 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 70 - 
75-40744906 
 
of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement) below), the 
Profit Rate applicable to the Certificates during such Return Accumulation Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation 
Period. 
If the Profit Rate cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
the Profit Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 7.9 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates referencing SOFR:  
(i) 
Subject to Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Profit Rate 
is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is SOFR: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Compounded Daily", the Profit Rate for each Return 
Accumulation Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Return 
Accumulation Period, the rate of return of a daily compound investment 
in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further provided for below) 
as the reference rate for the calculation of profit) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Profit Rate Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
"Applicable Period" means,  
(1) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period; and  
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period 
relating to such Return Accumulation Period;  
"Business Day" or "BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Applicable Period;  
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Periodic Distribution Date" means any date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in

--- Page 83 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 71 - 
75-40744906 
 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Profit Rate Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Periodic Distribution Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to 
but excluding the following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Return Accumulation 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to 
the Periodic Distribution Date for such Return Accumulation Period (or 
the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Certificates become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Return Accumulation Period: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business 
Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the consent of the Calculation 
Agent);  
"r" means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method: 
(A) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(B) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Profit Rate 
Determination Date); and

--- Page 84 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 72 - 
75-40744906 
 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Return Accumulation Period, 
in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition 
of "r" above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in 
each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Profit Rate for each Return Accumulation Period will, 
subject to as provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as 
defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Profit Rate 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;  
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;  
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;  
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days 
such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation

--- Page 85 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 73 - 
75-40744906 
 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in 
effect for each calendar day during the relevant Return Accumulation 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Return Accumulation Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Index", the Profit Rate for each Return Accumulation Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Profit Rate Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
"p" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;  
"SOFR Averages" shall mean the computation bearing the same name as 
published on the New York Fed's Website;  
"SOFR Index" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(A) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) as such index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 5.00 
p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or  
(B) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (i) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then:  
(1) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable value; or  
(2) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR Index 
Reference Rate shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement);  
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period  Date relating 
to such Return Accumulation Period; 
"SOFR Index Reference Rate" means: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  x (360
𝑑𝑐
)

--- Page 86 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 74 - 
75-40744906 
 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart 
to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period); 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period; 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Profit Rate Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Event has have not occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" means, for the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period for which such index is not available, the 
rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance 
with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, 
published 
on 
the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-ratesinformation.  
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be 
replaced with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- 
calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR does not so appear for any 
day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFR for such day "i" shall be SOFR 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (i) above), the 
Reference Rate is not available, subject to Condition 7.9 (Benchmark 
Replacement) such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (i) 
above) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on 
the New York Fed's Website (as defined in paragraph (i) above) and "r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly.  
(v) 
If the Profit Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 7.9 (Benchmark Replacement), the 
Profit Rate shall be that determined as at the last preceding Profit Rate 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate is to be applied to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period from that which applied to the last preceding Return 
Accumulation Period, the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit 
Rate relating to the relevant Return Accumulation Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to that last preceding 
Return Accumulation Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Profit Rate 
Determination Date, the initial Profit Rate which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Certificates for the first Return Accumulation Period had the 
Certificates been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Return Accumulation Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Profit Rate or 
Minimum Profit Rate relating to the first Return Accumulation Period).  
(vi) 
If the relevant Series of Certificates become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Dissolution of the Trust) or Condition 12  
(Dissolution Event), the final Profit Rate Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Profit Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Certificates became due and 
payable and the Profit Rate on such Certificates shall, for so long as any such 
Certificate remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.2(e)(vii), if "Payment Delay" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to 
profit on the Certificates being payable on a Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
read as reference to profit on the Certificates being payable on an Effective 
Periodic Distribution Date instead.

--- Page 87 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 75 - 
75-40744906 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Profit Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Profit Rate applicable 
to the Certificates for each Return Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Return Accumulation 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Trustee and 
APICORP) under a Swap Transaction (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either: (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that Return Accumulation Period; 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Profit Rate: If any Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Profit Rate shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
7.3 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount: The Periodic Distribution Amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Profit Rate for such Return Accumulation 
Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Certificates divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro and Renminbi, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency in the case of euro, 
means one cent. and, in the case of Renminbi, means CNY 0.01. 
7.4 
Determination and Publication of Profit Rates, Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution 
Distribution Amounts: The Calculation Agent (to the extent that it is able, failing which APICORP) 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable on or after each Profit Rate Determination Date, or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Periodic Distribution Amounts for the relevant Return Accumulation Period, calculate the 
relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Profit Rate and the Periodic Distribution Amounts 
for each Return Accumulation Period and the relevant Periodic Distribution Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount to be notified to the Delegate, the 
Trustee, APICORP, each of the Paying Agents, the Certificateholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Certificates that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Certificates are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
reasonably practicable after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Profit Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Periodic Distribution Date or 
Profit Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Business Day Convention), 
the Periodic Distribution Amounts and the Periodic Distribution Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the 
Delegate by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Return Accumulation Period. If the Certificates become due and payable under Condition 12 
(Dissolution Events), the accrued profit and the Profit Rate payable in respect of the Certificates 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Profit Rate or the Periodic Distribution Amount so calculated need be made

--- Page 88 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 76 - 
75-40744906 
 
unless the Delegate otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
7.5 
Cessation of Entitlement to Profit: No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from 
and including the relevant Dissolution Date, unless default is made in the payment of the relevant 
Dissolution Amount as a result of the failure of APICORP to pay the relevant Exercise Price, 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price or Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price (as the case may be) and enter into a transfer agreement in accordance 
with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case may be, in which 
case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the Certificates in the 
manner provided in this Condition 7 (to be paid out of amounts transferred to the Transaction 
Documents pursuant to the Transaction Documents) to the earlier of: (i) the Relevant Date; or (ii) 
the date on which a transfer agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case may be. 
7.6 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is: 
(a) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
the "FRN Convention'', "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention", each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Return Accumulation Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
7.7 
Calculation Agent: The Trustee shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as 
any Certificates are outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Certificates, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the 
Profit Rate for a Return Accumulation Period or to calculate any Periodic Distribution Amount or

--- Page 89 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 77 - 
75-40744906 
 
any Dissolution Distribution Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Trustee shall (with the prior approval of the Delegate) appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7.8 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Return 
Accumulation Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Profit Rate for such Return Accumulation 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Linear 
Interpolation Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Linear Interpolation Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as shall be provided to it by APICORP. 
7.9 
Benchmark Replacement:  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 7.2(d) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Certificates not referencing SOFR), if the Trustee and APICORP determine that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms when any Profit Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (other than where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Condition 7.9(b) (ARRC) is applicable" is specified for the Benchmark Replacement 
fall back): 
(i) 
the Trustee and APICORP shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine, no later than five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Profit Rate Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Return Accumulation Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date"), a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread for purposes of 
determining the Profit Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to 
the Certificates; 
(ii) 
if the Trustee and APICORP are unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by them fails to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Trustee and 
APICORP (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for 
each of the future Return Accumulation Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in this Condition 7.9); provided that 
if Condition 7.9(b) applies and the Trustee and APICORP are unable to or do not 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the relevant Profit Rate 
Determination Date, the Profit Rate applicable to the next succeeding Return 
Accumulation Period shall be equal to the Profit Rate last determined in relation 
to the Certificates in respect of the preceding Return Accumulation Period (or 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Periodic Distribution Date, the profit rate 
shall be the initial Profit Rate) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin that applied to such preceding Return Accumulation Period for the Margin

--- Page 90 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 78 - 
75-40744906 
 
that is to be applied to the relevant Return Accumulation Period); for the 
avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this Condition 7.9(c) shall apply to the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period only and any subsequent Return Accumulation 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided 
in this Condition 7.9; 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Trustee and APICORP (as applicable) determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Trustee and 
APICORP (as applicable), may also (without the consent or approval of 
Certificateholders), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Profit 
Rate Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to 
the Certificates, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the 
Certificates, in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread. 
If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) or 
the Trustee and APICORP (as applicable) determine that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) and determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Trustee and APICORP (as applicable) are unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7.9 and the Trustee and APICORP, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine (x) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction 
Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (y) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Trustee shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7.9(f), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Certificateholders, vary 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or such other 
Transaction Document(s) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. At the request of the Trustee and 
APICORP, but subject to receipt by the Delegate of a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of each of the Trustee and APICORP confirming (1) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Rate and, (3) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments and that any such Benchmark 
Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, the Delegate shall, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Certificateholders, be obliged to 
concur with the Trustee and APICORP in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction 
Document). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Delegate shall not be obliged so 
to concur if in the opinion of the Delegate doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Delegate 
in these Conditions or the Trust Deed in any way; 
(vi) 
the Trustee shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency

--- Page 91 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 79 - 
75-40744906 
 
Agreement or any/other Transaction Document, promptly give notice thereof to 
the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Certificateholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any; 
(vii) 
the Delegate shall be entitled to rely on such certificates referred to in (e) (without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificates will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), which are 
to be determined solely by the Trustee and APICORP following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if appointed), and without prejudice to the Delegate's 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on APICORP, the 
Trustee, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Certificateholders;  
(viii) 
in no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any 
substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark 
or spread thereon, the Business Day Convention, Profit Rate Determination Dates 
or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor 
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Trustee, 
APICORP or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions 
taken at the direction of the Trustee, APICORP or the Independent Adviser. Any 
determination, decision or election that may be made by APICORP or the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) in connection with a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement, including any determination with respect to a rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Trustee's, 
APICORP's or the Independent Adviser's sole discretion (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner), and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the transaction documents, will become effective without consent 
from any other party. Neither the Principal Paying Agent nor the Calculation 
Agent shall have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of 
APICORP or the Independent Adviser in connection with a Benchmark Event 
Benchmark Replacement; and 
(ix) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.9 shall act in good 
faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to APICORP, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent or the Certificateholders for any determination made by it 
or for any advice given to the Trustee and APICORP in connection with any 
determinations made by the Trustee and APICORP, pursuant to this Condition 
7.9. 
In this Condition 7.9: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) or the Trustee and 
APICORP (as applicable) determine is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Certificateholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 92 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 80 - 
75-40744906 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has 
been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) or the Trustee and 
APICORP (as applicable) determine is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(C) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) or 
the Trustee and APICORP in their discretion (as applicable) determine is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and APICORP) or 
the Trustee and APICORP in their discretion (as applicable) determine 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Trustee 
and APICORP (as applicable) determine has replaced the relevant Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining profit rates in respect of certificates denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Trustee and APICORP 
(as applicable) determine that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Trustee and APICORP (as applicable) determine in 
their sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means (i) the Reference Rate ceases to be published or 
ceases to exist; (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
that it will, by a specified future date within the following six months, cease 
publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Reference Rate); (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference Rate has been or will, 
by a specified future date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; (iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that means the Reference Rate will, by a 
specified future date within the following six months, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; (v) a 
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date within the following six months, be no longer representative 
of an underlying market; or (vi) it has become unlawful to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Certificateholder using the Reference Rate (including, 
without li mitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as applicable), 
if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the

--- Page 93 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 81 - 
75-40744906 
 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Trustee and 
APICORP at APICORP's expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (A) the 
central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (B) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof, or (E) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Trustee and APICORP 
(as applicable) determine is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
(for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be 
available) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(b) 
ARRC 
This Condition 7.9(b) (ARRC) shall apply, in the case of Certificates for which the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is U.S. dollars and the 
Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, if in the applicable Final 
Terms "Condition 7.9(b) (ARRC) is applicable" is specified for the Benchmark 
Replacement fall back. 
If the Trustee and APICORP determine on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Certificates in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Trustee and 
APICORP will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Certificateholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Trustee and APICORP 
pursuant to this Condition 7.9(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii)  
will be made in the sole discretion of the Trustee and APICORP; and 
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Certificates, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Certificates or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR, as the case may be; provided that if the Trustee and 
APICORP determine on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof), as the case may be, or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means, in the case of Certificates where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR, "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below

--- Page 94 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 82 - 
75-40744906 
 
that can be determined by the Trustee and APICORP as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate that has been selected by the Trustee and 
APICORP as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Trustee and APICORP as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Trustee and APICORP giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of profit, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Trustee and 
APICORP decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Trustee 
and APICORP decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Trustee and APICORP determine that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Trustee and 
APICORP determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 95 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 83 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of daily SOFR rates for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and 
conventions for this rate being established by the Trustee and APICORP or their designee 
in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Compounded 
SOFR; provided that: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Trustee and APICORP or their designee determine 
that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(A) above, then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this 
rate that have been selected by the Trustee and APICORP or their designee giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark 
for the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the 
Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for derivatives 
published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation

--- Page 96 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 84 - 
75-40744906 
 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Trustee and APICORP after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR (as defined in Condition 7.2(e) above) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 7.9(b) will be notified promptly by the Trustee (failing whom, the Obligor) to 
the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Certificateholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect. 
No later than notifying the Registrar of the same, the Trustee shall deliver to the Registrar 
a certificate signed by a director or a duly Authorized Signatory of the Trustee and 
APICORP shall deliver to the Trustee and the Registrar a certificate signed by a duly 
Authorized Signatory of APICORP: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7.9(b); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
8. 
Redemption and Dissolution of the Trust 
8.1 
Dissolution on the Scheduled Dissolution Date: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled, in full, as provided below, each Certificate shall be finally redeemed at its Dissolution 
Distribution Amount and the Trust shall be dissolved by the Trustee on the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms following the payment of all such amounts in full and 
the execution of a transfer agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking. 
8.2 
Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons: The Certificates shall be redeemed by the Trustee in 
whole, but not in part, on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Certificates are Floating Rate 
Certificates) or at any time (if the Certificates are Fixed Rate Certificates) (such dissolution date 
being an "Early Tax Dissolution Date"), on giving not less than the Minimum Notice Period nor 
more than the Maximum Notice Period notice to the Certificateholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Dissolution Distribution Amount if the Trustee satisfies the Delegate 
immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
(A) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the

--- Page 97 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 85 - 
75-40744906 
 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series, and 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available 
to it; or 
(b) 
(A) APICORP has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to the terms 
of any Transaction Document as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdictions or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series, and (B) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by APICORP taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of dissolution shall be given to Certificateholders: 
(A) 
unless a duly completed Exercise Notice has been received by the Trustee from 
APICORP pursuant to the Sale Undertaking; and 
(B) 
where the Certificates may be redeemed at any time, earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Trustee or APICORP, as the case may be, would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Certificates (in the case of the Trustee) or pursuant to any Transaction Document 
(in the case of APICORP) then due; or 
(C) 
where the Certificates may be redeemed only on a Periodic Distribution Date, 
earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Trustee or APICORP, 
as the case may be, would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Certificates (in the case of the Trustee) or pursuant to 
any Transaction Document (in the case of APICORP) then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of dissolution pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the 
Trustee shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Delegate: 
(1) 
a certificate signed by two directors of the Trustee (in the case of 
Condition 8.2(a)) or APICORP (in the case of Condition 8.2(b)) stating 
that the Trustee is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Trustee so to redeem (as set out in Condition 8.2(a) and Condition 
8.2(b), as the case may be) have occurred; and 
(2) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers or other professional advisers, 
in each case of recognised standing, to the effect that the Trustee or 
APICORP, as the case may be, has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment, 
and the Delegate shall be entitled to accept such certificate and legal opinion as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in Condition 8.2(a) or, as 
the case may be, Condition 8.2(b) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on Certificateholders. 
Upon expiry of any such notice given in accordance with this Condition 8.2, payment in full of the 
Dissolution Distribution Amount to Certificateholders and execution of a transfer agreement 
pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
8.3 
Dissolution at the Option of APICORP (Optional Dissolution Right): If the Optional Dissolution 
Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms, APICORP may in its sole discretion deliver to the 
Trustee a duly completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Sale 
Undertaking and, on receipt of such notice, the Trustee shall, on giving not less than the Minimum 
Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period irrevocable notice to the 
Certificateholders redeem all or, if so specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, some of the 
Certificates on any Optional Dissolution Date. Any such redemption of Certificates shall be at their 
Dissolution Distribution Amount. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Certificates of a

--- Page 98 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 86 - 
75-40744906 
 
face amount at least equal to the Minimum Optional Dissolution Amount to be redeemed and no 
greater than the Maximum Optional Dissolution Amount to be redeemed. 
All Certificates in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 8.3. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates 
are to be redeemed on any Optional Dissolution Date in accordance with this Condition 8.3, upon 
payment in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all Certificateholders and execution of 
a transfer agreement pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the 
Trust. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Certificateholders shall also specify the face 
amount of Certificates drawn and the holder(s) of such Certificates to be redeemed, which shall 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
If the Certificates are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with this Condition 
8.3, each Certificate shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Certificates to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Dissolution Date 
bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Certificates on such date. 
For Shari'a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the Certificateholder Put Right cannot both 
be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series. 
8.4 
Dissolution at the Option of Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right): If the 
Certificateholder Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall, at the 
option of the Holder of any Certificates, upon the Holder of such Certificates giving not less than 
the Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum Notice Period notice to the Trustee, 
redeem such Certificates on the Certificateholder Put Right Date at its Dissolution Distribution 
Amount. For the purposes thereof, the Trustee shall deliver to APICORP a duly completed Exercise 
Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking. If all (and not some only) 
of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any Certificateholder Put Right Date in accordance with 
this Condition 8.4, upon payment in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all 
Certificateholders and execution of a transfer agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the 
Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
To exercise the option in this Condition 8.4 the relevant Holder must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise (a "Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice") 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in a form 
acceptable to the relevant clearing system from time to time (which shall, if acceptable to the 
relevant clearing system, be in the form of a duly completed Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement and obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent). 
Any Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a Holder of any Certificates pursuant to 
this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a 
Dissolution Event has occurred and the Delegate has declared the Certificates due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Dissolution Events), in which event such Holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4. 
For Shari'a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the Certificateholder Put Right cannot both 
be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series. 
8.5 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right): If a 
Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Trustee Notice from APICORP in 
accordance with the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give notice to the 
Certificateholders (a "Tangibility Event Notice") in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
specifying that: 
(a) 
a Tangibility Event has occurred;

--- Page 99 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 87 - 
75-40744906 
 
(b) 
as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Certificates should be tradable 
only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading;  
(c) 
on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Certificates 
will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have been 
admitted to listing; and 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Put Option Period, during which period the Holder of any 
Certificates shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of the Tangibility Event Notice, the Holder of any Certificate may exercise its option 
within the Tangibility Event Put Option Period to require the redemption of all or any of its 
Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its option to redeem its Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 8.5, the Trustee shall redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event Put Right Date 
at its Dissolution Distribution Amount. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be 
redeemed on any Tangibility Event Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 8.5, upon 
payment in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all Certificateholders and execution of 
a transfer agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve 
the Trust.  
To exercise the option in this Condition 8.5 the Holder of any Certificate must, within the 
Tangibility Event Put Option Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise (a 
"Tangibility Event Put Notice") in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in a form acceptable to the relevant clearing system from time to time 
(which shall, if acceptable to the relevant clearing system, be in the form of a duly completed 
Tangibility Event Put Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement and obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent). 
Any Tangibility Event Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a Holder of any Certificates pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution 
Event has occurred and the Delegate has declared the Certificates due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Dissolution Events), in which event such Holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.5. 
In these Conditions: 
"Shari'a Adviser" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Tangibility Event" means, if, at any time, following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, 
the Tangibility Ratio, other than as a result of the occurrence of a total loss or expropriation of the 
Ijara Assets comprising the Portfolio, falls below 33 per cent.; 
"Tangibility Event Put Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date that a 
Tangibility Event Notice is given;  
"Tangibility Event Put Right Date" shall be: (i) a date falling not less than 75 days following the 
expiry of the Tangibility Event Put Period; and (ii) a Periodic Distribution Date;  
"Tangibility Event Trustee Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency 
Agreement; and 
"Tangibility Ratio" has the meaning given to it in the Servicing Agency Agreement. 
8.6 
Clean Up Call Option: If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then 
outstanding have been redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 8 the 
Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from APICORP pursuant to the 
Sale Undertaking, on giving not less than the Minimum Notice Period nor more than the Maximum 
Notice Period to the Certificateholders, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, at their

--- Page 100 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 88 - 
75-40744906 
 
Dissolution Distribution Amount on the date specified in such notice (such dissolution date being 
a "Clean Up Call Right Dissolution Date"). 
8.7 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event: Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the 
Certificates may be redeemed at the Dissolution Distribution Amount on the Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date and the Trustee may be required to dissolve the Trust, in each case as more 
particularly described in Condition 12 (Dissolution Events). 
8.8 
Purchases: Each of APICORP and APICORP's Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price and such Certificates may be held, resold or, at 
the option of APICORP, surrendered to the Registrar for cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation: Subject to and in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, all Certificates which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All 
Certificates purchased and surrendered for cancellation by or on behalf of APICORP or any of 
APICORP's Subsidiaries shall be cancelled by surrendering the Global Certificate or Individual 
Certificates representing such Certificates to the Registrar and by APICORP delivering to the 
Trustee a duly completed Cancellation Notice in accordance with the terms of the Sale Undertaking. 
If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are cancelled in accordance with this Condition 8.8, 
and upon execution of a transfer agreement pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, the Trustee shall be 
bound to dissolve the Trust. All Certificates cancelled pursuant to this Condition 8.8 shall be 
forwarded to the Registrar and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.10 
No other Dissolution: The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the 
Trust other than as provided in this Condition 8 and Condition 12 (Dissolution Events). Upon 
payment in full of all amounts due in respect of the Certificates of any Series and the subsequent 
dissolution of the Trust as provided in this Condition 8 and/or Condition 12 (Dissolution Events) 
(as the case may be), the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no 
further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations 
in respect thereof. 
9. 
Payments 
9.1 
Method of Payment: Payments of any Dissolution Distribution Amount will only be made against 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents. Each 
Dissolution Distribution Amount and each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid to the Holder 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates denominated in a currency other than Renminbi, upon 
application by the Holder of such Certificates to the Specified Office of the Registrar, the 
other Transfer Agents or any Paying Agent before the Record Date, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency; and 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates denominated in Renminbi, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
9.2 
Payments on Business Days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated: 
(a) 
(in the case of payments of any Dissolution Distribution Amount and Periodic Distribution 
Amounts payable on a Dissolution Date) on the later of the due date for payment and the 
day on which the relevant Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, 
presented and endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
(in the case of payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts payable other than on a 
Dissolution Date) on the due date for payment.

--- Page 101 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 89 - 
75-40744906 
 
A Holder of Certificates shall not be entitled to any additional distributions or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day. 
9.3 
Partial Payments: If the amount of any Dissolution Distribution Amount or Periodic Distribution 
Amount is not paid in full when due, the Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the 
amount in fact paid. 
9.4 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of Certificates will be made: 
(a) 
where the Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate, to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment, where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Certificate is being held is open for business; or 
(b) 
where the Certificate is in definitive form, to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office (in the case 
of Certificates denominated in a Specified Currency other than Renminbi) on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for such payment or (in the case of Certificates denominated in 
Renminbi) on the fifth day before the due date for such payment (such day described in, 
as the case may be, Condition 9.4(a) above and in this Condition 9.4(b), the "Record 
Date"). 
9.5 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments in respect of the Certificates will be subject in all cases 
to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Certificateholders in respect of such 
payments. 
9.6 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions, if by reason 
of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Trustee is not able to satisfy payments of 
any Dissolution Distribution Amount, any Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount 
(whether in the nature of principal or otherwise) in respect of the Certificates when due in Renminbi 
in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, the Trustee may, on giving not less than five nor more 
than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Certificateholders prior to the due date for payment, 
settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi- denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant Dissolution Distribution 
Amount, any Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount (whether in the nature of principal 
or otherwise) in respect of the Certificates shall be made upon application by the holder of the 
Certificates to the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, 
by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with a bank in New York 
City. 
In this Condition 9.6: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, London and in New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre;

--- Page 102 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 90 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid and, as a result of which the Trustee cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any Dissolution Distribution Amount, any 
Periodic Distribution Amount or any other amount (whether in the nature of principal or otherwise) 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the Certificates as determined by the Trustee in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if practicable) with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Trustee to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Certificates in the general Renminbi exchange market in 
the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Trustee to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date of the relevant Series 
of Certificates and it is impossible for the Trustee, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Trustee 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an 
account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
to an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Trustee to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date for 
the relevant Series of Certificates and it is impossible for the Trustee, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination 
Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this Condition 9.6 by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud) be binding on the Trustee, APICORP, the Paying Agents and all 
Certificateholders; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date. 
10. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Certificates by or on behalf of the Trustee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision therein or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Trustee 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Certificateholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such

--- Page 103 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 91 - 
75-40744906 
 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Certificates: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Certificates by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Certificates; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Certificates is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Certificates would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Certificates 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
If the Trustee becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to the 
Cayman Islands, references in these Conditions to the Cayman Islands shall be construed as 
references to the Cayman Islands and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event will the Trustee (or any successor of 
the Trustee) pay any additional amounts in respect of any taxes, withholding or deduction imposed 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (including any successor 
provisions or amendments thereof), any current or future regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
The Transaction Documents each provide that payments thereunder by APICORP shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the Relevant Jurisdictions or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law and, in such case, provide for the 
payment by APICORP of additional amounts so that the full amount which would otherwise have 
been due and payable is received by the Trustee. 
Further, APICORP has undertaken in the Master Trust Deed to pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary pursuant to this Condition 10 so that the full amount due and payable by the 
Trustee in respect of the Certificates to the Certificateholders is received by the Trustee for the 
purposes of payment to the Certificateholders in accordance with and subject to the provisions of 
this Condition 10. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Trustee for payment in respect of the Certificates shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within 10 years (in the case of the Dissolution Distribution Amount) or five years 
(in the case of Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them. 
12. 
Dissolution Events 
12.1 
Dissolution Event: Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event: 
(a) 
the Delegate, upon receiving written notice thereof under the Trust Deed or otherwise 
upon becoming actually aware of a Dissolution Event, shall (subject to it being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) promptly give notice of 
the occurrence of the Dissolution Event to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) with a request to Certificateholders to indicate to the Trustee and 
the Delegate if they wish the Certificates to be redeemed and the Trust to be dissolved; 
and 
(b) 
the Delegate in its sole discretion may, and shall if so requested in writing by the holders 
of at least 25 per cent. of the then aggregate face amount of the Series of Certificates 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give notice (a

--- Page 104 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 92 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Dissolution Notice") to the Trustee, APICORP and the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) that the Certificateholders elect to declare the Certificates to 
be due and payable at the Dissolution Distribution Amount. A Dissolution Notice may be 
given pursuant to this Condition 12.1(b) whether or not notice has been given to 
Certificateholders as provided in Condition 12.1(a). 
On the thirtieth day after receipt of such Dissolution Notice and provided that the relevant 
Dissolution Event has not been cured by such time, the Trustee (failing which the Delegate) shall 
(x) deliver an Exercise Notice to APICORP under the Purchase Undertaking and thereafter execute 
the relevant transfer agreement for purchase of the Assets and (y) if applicable to a Series, notify 
APICORP that the outstanding Deferred Sale Price is immediately due and payable under the terms 
of the Master Murabaha Agreement. The Trustee (failing which the Delegate) shall use the 
proceeds thereof to redeem the Certificates at the Dissolution Distribution Amount on the date 
specified in the relevant Dissolution Notice (the relevant "Dissolution Event Redemption Date") 
and the Trust shall be dissolved on the day after the last outstanding Certificate has been so 
redeemed in full. 
Upon payment in full of such amounts and dissolution of the Trust as aforesaid, the Certificates 
shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
12.2 
Enforcement and Exercise of Rights: Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, to the extent 
that any amount payable in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series has not been paid in 
full (notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 12.1 (Dissolution Event)), the Delegate may 
(acting for the benefit of the Certificateholders), and shall if so requested in writing by the holders 
of at least 25 per cent. of the then outstanding aggregate face amount of the Series of Certificates 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (and, in each case, subject to it being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may, in its 
opinion, render itself liable or which it may in its opinion incur by so doing), take one or more of 
the following steps: 
(a) 
enforce the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and, if applicable to a Series, the 
Master Murabaha Agreement against APICORP; and/or 
(b) 
start or join in legal proceedings against APICORP or the Trustee to recover from 
APICORP or the Trustee any amounts owed to the Certificateholders; and/or 
(c) 
start or join in any other legal proceedings or take such other steps as the Trustee or the 
Delegate may consider necessary to recover amounts due to the Certificateholders. 
13. 
Realisation of Trust Assets 
13.1 
Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee shall be bound in any circumstances to take any action to 
enforce or to realise the relevant Trust Assets or take any action or steps or proceedings against (as 
applicable) the Trustee and/or APICORP under any Transaction Document to which either of the 
Trustee or APICORP is a party unless directed or requested to do so: (i) by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or (ii) in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the then outstanding aggregate 
face amount of the Series of Certificates and, in either case, only if it is indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may, in its opinion, thereby 
render itself liable or which it may, in its opinion, incur by so doing. 
13.2 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or APICORP under 
any Transaction Document to which either of them is a party unless the Delegate, having become 
bound so to proceed: (i) fails to do so within a reasonable period; or (ii) is unable to do so by reason 
of an order of a court having competent jurisdiction, and the failure or inability is continuing. Under 
no circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or 
other disposition of any of the relevant Trust Assets (other than as expressly contemplated in the 
Transaction Documents) and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the 
Trustee and APICORP shall be to enforce their respective obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which they are a party.

--- Page 105 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 93 - 
75-40744906 
 
13.3 
Conditions 12.2, 13.1 and 13.2 are subject to this Condition 13.3. After enforcing or realising the 
Trust Assets in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series and distributing the net proceeds 
of the Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets) 
and the Trust Deed, the obligations of the Trustee and the Delegate in respect of the Certificates of 
the relevant Series shall be satisfied and the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums in 
respect of such Series and, accordingly, no Certificateholder may take any further steps against the 
Trustee (to the extent that the Trust Assets have been exhausted) (or any steps against the Delegate) 
or any other person (including APICORP (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents)) to recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates of the relevant 
Series and the right to receive from the Trustee or the Delegate any such sums remaining unpaid 
shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder shall be entitled in respect thereof to 
petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of the Trustee. 
14. 
Replacement of Certificates 
If any Global Certificate or Individual Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Registrar (and, if the Certificates are then admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, 
the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Trustee may reasonably require. A mutilated or 
defaced Global Certificate or Individual Certificate must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Trustee (and solely to the extent set out in the Agency Agreement, the 
Delegate) and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any of the Certificateholders. 
The Agents and their Specified Offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. In respect of each 
Series of Certificates, the relevant Agents are specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Trustee 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Delegate to terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or successor Agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Trustee shall at all times maintain a principal agent, a registrar and a transfer agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Trustee 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Certificateholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and Waiver 
16.1 
Meetings of Certificateholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Certificateholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, APICORP or the Delegate, and shall be convened by 
the Trustee, or, subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
the Delegate, if the Trustee or the Delegate (as the case may be) receives a request in writing from

--- Page 106 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 94 - 
75-40744906 
 
Certificateholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates of 
any Series for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more Persons holding or representing more than 50 per 
cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more Persons being or representing Certificateholders whatever the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates held or represented, unless the business of such meeting 
includes consideration of proposals to (each a "Reserved Matter"): 
(a) 
amend any Dissolution Date in respect of the Certificates or any date for payment of 
Periodic Distribution Amounts on the Certificates; 
(b) 
reduce or cancel the face amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the 
Certificates; 
(c) 
to reduce the rate or rates of profit in respect of the Certificates or to vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of profit or the basis for calculating any 
Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of the Certificates; 
(d) 
if a Minimum Profit Rate and/or a Maximum Profit Rate is shown in the applicable Final 
Terms, to reduce any such Minimum Profit Rate and/or Maximum Profit Rate; 
(e) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Dissolution Distribution Amount; 
(f) 
vary the currency of payment or denomination of the Certificates; 
(g) 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Certificateholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(h) 
modify or cancel the payment obligations of APICORP (in any capacity) and/or the 
Trustee under the Transaction Documents and/or the Certificates (as the case may be); 
(i) 
amend any of APICORP's covenants included in the Purchase Undertaking; 
(j) 
amend the order of application of monies set out in Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds 
from Trust Assets); or 
(k) 
amend this definition, 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in aggregate face amount 
of the Certificates for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall 
be binding on all Certificateholders (whether or not they voted on the resolution). 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 90 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Certificateholders 
duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Certificateholders. 
16.2 
Modification: The Delegate may (but shall not be obliged to), without the consent of the 
Certificateholders: (i) agree to any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the 
Transaction Documents that is, in the sole opinion of the Delegate, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
outstanding Certificateholders provided that such modification is, in each case, other than in 
respect of a Reserved Matter; or (ii) (A) agree to any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents or (B) 
determine that any Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, provided that such waiver, 
authorisation or determination is in the sole opinion of the Delegate not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the outstanding Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter 
and not in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing 
by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate face amount of that Series. Any 
such modification, authorisation, determination or waiver shall be binding on all Certificateholders

--- Page 107 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 95 - 
75-40744906 
 
and, unless the Delegate agrees otherwise, such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination shall be notified by the Trustee (or APICORP on its behalf) to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as practicable. 
16.3 
Entitlement of the Delegate: In connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities and 
discretions (including but not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Delegate shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class and shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Certificateholders and the Delegate shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim, from the Trustee, APICORP 
or the Delegate any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Certificateholders. 
17. 
Delegate 
17.1 
Delegation of powers: The Trustee will in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally appoint 
the Delegate to be its attorney and in its name, on its behalf and as its act and deeds, to execute, 
deliver and perfect all documents, and to exercise all of the present and future duties, powers 
(including the power to sub-delegate), rights, authorities (including, but not limited to, the authority 
to request directions from any Certificateholders and the power to make any determinations to be 
made under the Transaction Documents) and discretions vested in the Trustee by the Trust Deed, 
that the Delegate may consider to be necessary or desirable in order to, upon the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/ or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, exercise all of the rights of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents, take such 
other steps as the Trustee or the Delegate may consider necessary to recover amounts due to the 
Certificateholders and make such distributions from the relevant Trust Assets as the Trustee is 
bound to make in accordance with the Trust Deed (together the "Delegation" of the "Relevant 
Powers"), provided that no obligations, duties, liabilities or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to 
the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of 
this Delegation and provided further that in no circumstances will such Delegation result in the 
Delegate holding on trust the relevant Trust Assets and provided further that such Delegation 
and the Relevant Powers shall not include any duty, power, trust, authority, rights or discretion to 
dissolve any of the trusts constituted by the Trust Deed following the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event or to determine the remuneration of the Delegate. The Trustee shall ratify and confirm all 
things done and all documents executed by the Delegate in the exercise of all or any of the Relevant 
Powers. 
In addition to the Delegation of the Relevant Powers under the Trust Deed, the Delegate also has 
certain powers which are vested solely in it from the date of the Master Trust Deed. 
The appointment of a delegate by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests of the 
Certificateholders and does not affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as sole trustee. 
17.2 
Indemnification: The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Delegate in 
certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from 
taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. In particular, 
but without limitation, in connection with the exercise of any of its rights in respect of the relevant 
Trust Assets or any other right it may have pursuant to the Trust Deed or the other Transaction 
Documents, the Delegate shall in no circumstances be bound to take any action unless directed to 
do so in accordance with Conditions 12 (Dissolution Events) or 13 (Realisation of Trust Assets), 
and then only if it shall also have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. 
17.3 
No liability: The Delegate makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the validity, 
sufficiency or enforceability of the obligations of APICORP or the Trustee under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and shall not under any circumstances have any liability or be 
obliged to account to Certificateholders in respect of any payments which should have been paid 
by APICORP but are not so paid and shall not in any circumstances have any liability arising from 
the relevant Trust Assets other than as expressly provided in these Conditions or in the Trust Deed. 
17.4 
Reliance on certificates and/or reports: The Delegate may rely, without liability to any 
Certificateholder or any other person, on any certificate or report of the auditors or insolvency

--- Page 108 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 96 - 
75-40744906 
 
officials (as applicable) of the Trustee, APICORP or any other person called for by or provided to 
the Delegate (whether or not addressed to the Delegate) in accordance with or for the purposes of 
the Trust Deed or the other Transaction Documents and such certificate or report may be relied 
upon by the Delegate as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein notwithstanding that such 
certificate or report and/or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the Delegate 
in connection therewith contains a monetary or other limit on the liability of the auditors of the 
Trustee, APICORP or such other person in respect thereof and notwithstanding that the scope 
and/or basis of such certificate or report may be limited by an engagement or similar letter or by 
the terms of the certificate or report itself and the Delegate shall not be bound in any such case to 
call for further evidence or be responsible for any liability or inconvenience that may be occasioned 
by its failure to do so. 
17.5 
Proper performance of duties: Nothing shall, in any case in which the Trustee or the Delegate has 
failed to show the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee, in the case of the Trustee 
(having regard to the provisions of the Trust Deed conferring on it any trusts, powers, authorities 
or discretions) or as donee and delegate, in the case of the Delegate (having regard to the powers, 
authorities and discretions conferred on it by the Trust Deed and to the Relevant Powers delegated 
to it), respectively exempt the Trustee or the Delegate from or indemnify either of them against 
any Liability for gross negligence, wilful default or fraud of which either of them may be guilty in 
relation to their duties under the Trust Deed. 
17.6 
Notice of events: The Delegate shall not be responsible for monitoring or ascertaining whether or 
not a Dissolution Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until it shall have received express 
written notice to the contrary, it will be entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists 
or has occurred (without any liability to Certificateholders or any other person for so doing). 
18. 
Notices 
18.1 
Notices to the Holders: Notices to the Holders of Certificates shall be sent to them by uninsured 
first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
18.2 
Listing authorities and clearing systems: The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system on which the Certificates are for the time being listed. 
So long as the Certificates are held by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to the 
Holders of Certificates of the relevant Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for mailing or 
publication as required by Condition 18.1 (Notices to the Holders). In such case, any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Certificates on the day on which the said 
notice was given to such relevant clearing system(s). 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms): (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.); (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one 
half cent being rounded up); (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount; and (d) all 
amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Trustee shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders to 
create and issue additional trust certificates having terms and conditions the same as the Certificates 
or the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of the Periodic 
Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue and

--- Page 109 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 97 - 
75-40744906 
 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of 
the relevant Series. Any additional trust certificates which are to form a single Series with the 
outstanding Certificates previously constituted by the Trust Deed shall be constituted by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
21. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
21.1 
Governing law: The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Certificates (including these 
Conditions) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the same are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
21.2 
Arbitration: Subject to Condition 21.3 (Option to litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the Certificates (including these Conditions) (including a dispute regarding the 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of the 
nullity of the same and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the same) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration 
under the London Court of International Arbitration ("LCIA") Arbitration Rules (the "Rules"), 
which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 21.2. 
For these purposes: 
21.2.1 the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
21.2.2 there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions; and 
21.2.3 the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
21.3 
Option to litigate: Notwithstanding Condition 21.2 (Arbitration) above, the Delegate or any 
Certificateholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust 
Deed) may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee and 
APICORP: 
21.3.1 within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
21.3.2 in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Delegate or any Certificateholder (only 
where permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust Deed) gives such notice, 
the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 21.5 
(Court proceedings) and, subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 
21.2 (Arbitration) in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the parties to the terminated 
arbitration (other than the Delegate) will bear its own costs in relation thereto. 
21.4 
Termination of arbitration: If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for 
Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, the Delegate or the relevant Certificateholder (only where 
permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust Deed and as applicable) must 
also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) 
already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon 
receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in 
relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be 
functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
21.4.1 the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of 
that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
21.4.2 such arbitrator's entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
21.4.3 the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation 
bar or any similar rule or provision.

--- Page 110 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 98 - 
75-40744906 
 
21.5 
Court proceedings: In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 21.3 (Option to litigate) is 
issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
21.5.1 subject to Condition 21.5.3 below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and APICORP submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of such court; 
21.5.2 the Trustee and APICORP agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary; and 
21.5.3 this Condition 21.5 (Court proceedings) is for the benefit of the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders only. As a result, and notwithstanding Condition 21.5.1 above, the 
Delegate and any Certificateholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Trust Deed) may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Delegate and any Certificateholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Trust Deed) may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
21.6 
Process agent: Each of the Trustee and APICORP has in the Trust Deed appointed Maples and 
Calder at its registered office at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD as its agent 
for service of process in England and has undertaken that, in the event of Maples and Calder 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person approved by 
the Delegate as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes. 
21.7 
Waiver of immunity: Under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to the extent that 
APICORP has, or hereafter may (whether on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise), acquire any 
immunity from any Proceedings or from execution of judgment, APICORP has agreed that no such 
immunity shall be claimed by or on behalf of it or with respect to its assets, and APICORP has 
consented generally in respect of any such proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of 
any process in connection with any such proceedings including, without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever of any order or judgment which may be 
made or given in such proceedings. 
21.8 
Waiver of Interest: 
21.8.1 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and APICORP has irrevocably agreed in the Trust Deed 
that no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection therewith and if it is 
determined that any interest is payable or receivable in connection therewith by a party, 
whether as a result of any judicial award or by operation of any applicable law or 
otherwise, such party has agreed to waive any rights it may have to claim or receive such 
interest.  
21.8.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 21.8 shall be construed as a waiver 
of rights in respect of any Periodic Distribution Amounts, Dissolution Amounts, Exercise 
Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Tangibility Event Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price, Deferred Sale Price or profit or principal or other amount payable 
of any kind howsoever described payable by APICORP (in any capacity) or the Trustee 
(in any capacity) pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions, 
howsoever such amounts may be described or re-characterised by way of arbitral tribunal.

--- Page 111 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 99 - 
75-40744906 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds of each Series of Certificates issued under the Programme will be applied by the Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents to acquire: (a) Eligible Assets from APICORP; 
and/or (b) acquire Commodities to be sold to APICORP, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement and Murabaha Contract (as applicable) for the relevant Series, such 
assets to form part of the Trust Assets for the relevant Series. 
The proceeds of each Series of Certificates subsequently received by APICORP in consideration for the 
transactions entered into with the Trustee as set out above, as applicable, including with respect to (b) 
above, the proceeds received from the potential on-sale of the Commodities by APICORP, will only be 
applied by APICORP for its Shari'a-compliant: (i) working capital, (ii) general corporate purposes, (iii) 
general financing and refinancing requirements and/or (iv) other purpose specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 112 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 100 - 
75-40744906 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
APICORP Sukuk Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the Companies 
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with registered number 299456 whose registered office is at c/o 
MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The 
Trustee has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the sole purpose of issuing Certificates under 
the Programme and entering into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The 
registered office of the Trustee is at the offices of MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, 
Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and its telephone number is +1 345 945 7099. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into ordinary shares of U.S.$1.00 each, 
250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the "Shares") are fully-paid and are held by 
MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (the "Share Trustee") under the terms of a declaration of trust (the 
"Share Declaration of Trust") dated 18 June 2015 under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust 
until the Termination Date (as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust) and may only dispose of or 
otherwise deal with the Shares in accordance with the Share Declaration of Trust. Prior to the Termination 
Date, the trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has the power to benefit Qualified Charities 
(as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst 
any Certificate is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust 
and make a final distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no 
benefit (other than its fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has limited operating history or prior business and will not have any substantial liabilities other 
than in connection with the Certificates which have been and will be issued under the Programme. The 
Certificates are the obligations of the Trustee alone and not the Share Trustee. 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association 
as registered or adopted on 4 May 2015. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee 
is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name: 
Principal Occupation: 
Norbert Neijzen 
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East at Maples Fund Services (Middle 
East) Limited 
Stacy Bodden  
Vice President at MaplesFS Limited 
 
The business address of Norbert Neijzen is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Level 14, 
Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The 
business address of Stacy Bodden is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, 
Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors 
listed above and their duties to the Trustee. 
The Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited also acts as the administrator of the Trustee (the "Trustee Administrator"). The office 
of the Trustee Administrator serves as the general business office of the Trustee. Through the office, and 
pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement, the Trustee Administrator has agreed to perform

--- Page 113 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 101 - 
75-40744906 
 
in the Cayman Islands, the UAE and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from time 
to time, various management functions on behalf of the Trustee and the provision of certain clerical, 
administrative and other services, including communications with shareholders and the general public, until 
termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee and the Trustee Administrator have also 
entered into a registered office agreement (the "Registered Office Agreement") for the provision of 
registered office facilities to the Trustee. In consideration of the foregoing, the Trustee Administrator will 
receive various fees payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The terms 
of the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either the Trustee 
or the Trustee Administrator may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated events, 
including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the Corporate 
Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either party shall be entitled to 
terminate such agreements by giving at least three months' notice in writing to the other party. 
The Trustee Administrator will be subject to the overview of the Trustee's Board of Directors. 
The Trustee Administrator's principal office is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand 
Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The Directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Trustee Administrator (or an affiliate 
thereof). The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 114 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 102 - 
75-40744906 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP, which is a multilateral development bank focused on the energy industry, was established on 
23 November 1975 pursuant to the Establishing Agreement. 
The Establishing Agreement defines APICORP's purpose as: 
• 
participating in financing petroleum projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are 
derived from, ancillary to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; 
and 
• 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their 
ability to utilise their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic 
and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve this purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated 
loans or making direct loans and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing 
activities, provides project-related financial advisory services and publishes research relating to strategic 
and relevant issues in the energy industry. 
The table below shows details of APICORP's shareholders as at 31 December 2020. 
Member State 
Authorised 
capital
(1) 
Subscribed 
capital
(2) 
Issued and 
fully paid 
Callable 
Percentage 
ownership
(3) 
 
(U.S.$ thousand) 
(per cent.) 
Kuwait ............................................................. 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Saudi Arabia .................................................... 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
United Arab Emirates ...................................... 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Libya ............................................................... 
3,000 
1,500 
225 
1,275 
15.0 
Iraq .................................................................. 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
Qatar ............................................................... 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
Algeria ............................................................ 
1,000 
500 
75 
425 
5.0 
Bahrain ............................................................ 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Egypt ............................................................... 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Syria ................................................................ 
600 
300 
45 
255
(4)
 
3.0 
 
20,000 
10,000 
1,500 
8,500 
100.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) All shares have a nominal value of U.S.$1,000. 
(2) Subscribed capital is the sum of issued and fully paid capital and capital which remains callable if recommended 
by the Board of Directors and approved by APICORP's general assembly. In April 2016, APICORP's subscribed 
capital was increased to U.S.$2,000 million from U.S.$1,500 million. In April 2020, APICORP's subscribed capital 
was increased to U.S.$10,000 million. 
(3) Based on issued and fully paid capital. 
(4) Restricted due to APICORP sanctions compliance policy. 
In May 2011, the shareholders agreed to change APICORP's capital structure by introducing callable capital 
in the amount of U.S.$750 million. Callable capital, which can be requested in order to service debt, to 
expand development operations (while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) or to absorb losses from 
treasury or development-related assets, is a joint and several obligation of each member country to provide 
additional capital within two months when called. In April 2016, the shareholders' U.S.$1 billion line of 
credit was replaced with additional callable capital, which increased total callable capital to U.S.$1 billion. 
On 12 April 2020, the shareholders approved the following changes in APICORP's capital: 
• 
an increase in authorised capital from U.S.$2.4 billion to U.S.$20 billion; 
• 
an increase in paid up capital from U.S.$ 1 billion to U.S.$1.5 billion through the transfer of 
U.S.$500 million from reserves: and

--- Page 115 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 103 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
an increase in callable capital from U.S.$1 billion to U.S.$8.5 billion, bringing the subscribed 
capital to U.S.$10 billion. 
Although APICORP does not have specific guarantees from its shareholders, APICORP believes that the 
introduction of callable capital demonstrates stronger support than the line of credit made available by its 
shareholders in 2008. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Certificates issued under the Programme—APICORP is a multilateral development bank without 
guarantee-related support from its shareholders". 
The rights of the shareholders are contained in the Establishing Agreement and APICORP is managed in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the Establishing Agreement. The Establishing Agreement 
ensures that APICORP is not controlled by any single member state. All resolutions are required to be 
approved by a majority of the votes cast, with each shareholder having one vote per share held. 
APICORP is independent in its administration and in the performance of its activities and carries out its 
operations on a commercial basis with the intention of generating a profit. 
APICORP's financial year corresponds to the calendar year. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had total 
assets of U.S.$7,892.8 million, including U.S.$3,914.2 million in loans and advances and U.S.$1,005.5 
million in direct and indirect equity investments. The Group also has a significant treasury investment 
portfolio of debt securities held at FVOCI, amounting to U.S.$2,324.8 million as at 31 December 2020, 
which is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to the Group's two other more cyclical 
business lines of lending to, and making equity investments in, relevant projects. 
In 2020, the Group had interest income of U.S.$197.7 million and received U.S.$47.0 million in dividend 
income. The Group's profit for 2020 was U.S.$115.1 million. 
The Group's headquarters are located in Dammam, Saudi Arabia. In addition, APICORP has a wholesale 
banking branch in Manama, Bahrain, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. Its headquarters 
office address is Dammam Coast Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Saudi Arabia and its 
telephone number is +966 (0) 3 847 0444. 
HISTORY 
Following its establishment, APICORP commenced loan financing and direct equity investment activity 
with various Arab petroleum companies. Trade financing of petroleum, gas and petrochemicals began in 
1987. In 2001, the Group commenced financial advisory services to assist the OAPEC Member States and 
companies within them with the financing of their projects. In the same year, the Board of Directors (the 
"Board") approved the Group's expansion into the power generation sector, with a strategic focus on 
generation or transmission facilities which support the development of energy-related industry projects. In 
2007, the Board approved the financing of energy intensive industries such as aluminium and the 
establishment of energy funds. The Group continued to support the energy sector throughout the global 
financial crisis, including at times when market liquidity was significantly constrained. 
In 2006, APICORP established its branch in Bahrain with a view to broadening its financing services. 
APICORP's initial authorised share capital was SAR 3.6 billion (U.S.$960 million) and its initial subscribed 
capital was SAR 1.2 billion (U.S.$320 million). APICORP's authorised and subscribed capital have 
increased since then, most recently to U.S.$20 billion and U.S.$10.0 billion, respectively, in April 2020. 
LEGAL STATUS OF APICORP 
APICORP is a corporation established in accordance with a special international agreement, the 
Establishing Agreement, is hosted by Saudi Arabia and enjoys, with respect to OAPEC Member States and 
third parties, all the rights and privileges of nationality which national companies enjoy in each Member 
State. APICORP is subject to the provisions of the Establishing Agreement, which are expressed to prevail 
in the event that there is a conflict with the internal laws of any OAPEC Member State. APICORP is also 
exempt from the payment of duties, taxes and all public financial costs and burdens in respect of all 
operations related to its objectives. APICORP is also exempted from any special fees related to subscription, 
incorporation, registration, increase of capital, dissolution and liquidation. The Establishing Agreement 
explicitly grants APICORP privileges throughout the OAPEC Member States. These privileges include:

--- Page 116 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 104 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States, jointly and severally, to support APICORP, 
although see "Risk factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Certificates issued under the Programme—APICORP is a multilateral development bank 
without guarantee-related support from its shareholders"; 
• 
APICORP's rights and privileges of nationality within any OAPEC Member State; 
• 
APICORP's exemptions from payment of duties and all public and financial costs within OAPEC 
Member States; 
• 
APICORP's exemption from any currency controls, including from convertibility and transfer 
restrictions; 
• 
support for APICORP's personnel in entry and residency throughout the OAPEC Member States; 
and 
• 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States to refrain from appropriating any of APICORP's 
assets. 
APICORP's shareholders and their shareholdings have remained unchanged since it was established. The 
Establishing Agreement provides that only member countries of OAPEC may be shareholders in 
APICORP. If any shareholder ceases to be an OAPEC Member State, it would also cease to be a shareholder 
in APICORP and its shares would be distributed among the remaining OAPEC Member State shareholders 
on a pro rata basis. 
STRATEGY 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank that contributes to the growth, development and 
transformation of the Arab energy industries through the following activities: 
• 
providing debt funding in the form of project finance, asset-based finance and structured trade 
finance; 
• 
providing financial structuring and advisory services; 
• 
providing equity funding to companies and projects; and 
• 
providing industry and economic research. 
APICORP believes that the energy sector in the MENA region and beyond offers significant prospects for 
investors both in terms of the number of energy and related projects and the scale of the investment required. 
APICORP aims to consolidate its role as a leading development institution that focuses on the energy and 
related sectors. 
The Group has been implementing and refining its strategy since 2014. The strategy was originally 
developed with the assistance of Boston Consulting Group and approved by the Board towards the end of 
2013. A revised strategy was developed with the assistance of AT Kearney and approved by the Board in 
2019. 
The Group's main strategic initiatives include: 
• 
thriving in the transitioning energy world by growing lending in Arab countries undergoing 
transition, enhancing the performance of existing investments, pursuing a balanced approach to 
investments with a shorter exit cycle, expanding the Group's green energy portfolio (which 
includes a wide range of low and no emission, as well as clean, ventures) and embedding 
environmental, social and governance principles across the Group's businesses; 
• 
leading the financing of energy players and related sectors, with the main initiatives being to 
institutionalise client-centric business development, expand financial solutions and approaches 
and mobilise external funding for the energy sector;

--- Page 117 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 105 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
diversifying and deepening its client base through expanding lending to the regional private sector 
and conducting business with energy traders; 
• 
shaping the energy landscape in the Arab world by advising governments and stakeholders on 
energy policy and strategy and enhancing thought leadership in the energy sector; and 
• 
building agile and efficient internal and external ecosystems through strategic partnerships, 
improved organisation, people and culture and enhancement of processes and systems. 
In addition, in order to support the efforts of its shareholders in combating COVID 19 and mitigating its 
expected economic impacts, APICORP has announced a financial support package with a total value of 
U.S.$500 million. APICORP believes that the countercyclical role of this intervention will support its 
shareholders' initiatives to ameliorate the impact of COVID 19 in their respective countries and the impact 
of the overall low oil price environment on their economies. The U.S.$500 million package was committed 
and more than half of it was disbursed in 2020 and the balance is in the course of being disbursed. The 
deployment is supporting, in particular, sustainable impact-driven initiatives by extending funding for 
projects and working capital purposes within the areas of utilities, renewables and petrochemicals, amongst 
other energy sub-sectors. APICORP has also increased its support to energy-related trade flows within the 
Arab region, particularly for the benefit of the countries that have been most severely impacted by the 
pandemic. 
STRENGTHS 
The Group believes that it benefits from a number of strengths. These include: 
Sovereign ownership and special privileges 
APICORP is 100 per cent. owned by OAPEC Member State governments, 64.0 per cent. owned by GCC 
governments and 51 per cent. owned by Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the UAE collectively. APICORP benefits 
from a number of special privileges afforded to it by the Establishing Agreement, see "—Legal status of 
APICORP" above. APICORP also has de facto preferred creditor status by virtue of its status as a 
multilateral development bank. De facto preferred creditor status is based solely on historical practice in 
relation to multilateral development banks. Preferred creditor status is not, however, a legal status. The 
preferred creditor status enjoyed by APICORP is also reflected in the fact that the OAPEC Member States 
have, in the Establishing Agreement, exempted APICORP from all restrictions relating to currency control 
and fund transfer. 
Strong shareholder support 
The Establishing Agreement provides that the OAPEC Member States undertake: 
• 
jointly and severally, to support APICORP, protect it and embrace its causes in every way that 
ensures the protection of its rights and interests internationally and otherwise (although APICORP 
does not benefit from a specific guarantee from its shareholders); and 
• 
to facilitate all the activities related to APICORP's objectives and to adopt all possible measures to 
that end. 
The OAPEC Member States have supported each of APICORP's six capital increases since it was 
established and have also supported it with significant deposits. The Group also benefits from U.S.$8.5 
billion in callable capital, which provides a further indication of potential future shareholder support. In 
addition, the OAPEC Member States elected not to declare dividends in respect of each of 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2019 and 2020 to further strengthen APICORP's financial position. Total 
dividends of U.S.$30 million and U.S.$30.8 million were declared in respect of 2017 and 2018, 
respectively. OAPEC Member States, through their representatives on the Board, provide APICORP with 
opportunities to participate in, or initiate, projects in OAPEC Member States. 
The Moody's ratings report of October 2020 noted that APICORP's shareholders' willingness to support it, given 
its strategic mandate for the 10 OAPEC member states is a credit strength, indicated most recently by the April 
2020 capital increase. The report also notes that APICORP's credit profile reflects its strong capital adequacy, 
robust asset quality and a relatively low level of non- performing assets.

--- Page 118 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 106 - 
75-40744906 
 
Solid capitalisation and low leverage 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's capital adequacy ratios determined in accordance with Basel II 
methodology were 31.21 per cent. (for total capital) and 30.21 per cent. (for Tier 1 capital). The Group's 
total capital ratio has remained around 28 per cent. since 2009, supported by the quality of its asset portfolio 
and its strong track record of profitability. 
The Group seeks to maintain conservative leverage levels, which it calculates as its total liabilities divided 
by its total equity and non-controlling interests. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's 
leverage levels were 2.23 times, 2.13 times and 2.07 times, respectively. 
Sustained and strong financial performance 
The Group has been profitable in almost every year since it was established, including throughout the global 
financial crisis. In October 2019, Moody's upgraded APICORP's ratings from Aa3 to Aa2 with a stable 
outlook, principally reflecting steady and sustained improvements in its liquidity and funding profile 
coupled with a track record of strong asset performance, and it affirmed that rating in October 2020. In June 
2020, Fitch assigned APICORP an AA long-term issuer default rating with stable outlook. 
In particular, in its October 2020 ratings report, Moody's noted that APICORP's liquidity and funding 
profile had improved substantially in recent years, highlighted by its reduced reliance on short-term deposits 
for funding and its increased presence in the international debt markets. 
The Group also has a low and stable amount of NPLs which were U.S.$16.5 million as at 31 December 
2020, U.S.$14.0 million as at 31 December 2019 and U.S.$12.5 million as at 31 December 2018. These 
mainly comprise one Libyan loan, which is fully covered by provisions and cash collateral held. The 
Group's NPLs comprised 0.41 per cent., 0.37 per cent. and 0.34 per cent., respectively, of its total gross 
loans as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
Focus on strategic energy sector and geographically focussed on the GCC 
The Group focuses on financing projects in the oil and gas, petrochemical and energy sectors and has 
developed significant expertise in these areas since it was established in 1975. As at 31 December 2020, 
71.0 per cent. of APICORP's assets were located in the GCC and 32.0 per cent. and 8.6 per cent. were 
located in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, respectively. 
BUSINESS 
The Group has three principal business areas: 
• 
project finance, asset-based finance, trade finance, structured commodity finance and financial 
advisory (together referred to as "Corporate Banking"); 
• 
captive private equity investments through direct or indirect equity investments (together referred 
to as "Investments"); and 
• 
funding and liquidity management and the investment of excess liquidity in the Group's investment 
portfolio (together referred to as treasury and capital markets or "T&CM"). 
Corporate Banking principally provides debt finance and financial advisory services to businesses and 
projects in the oil and gas and related energy sectors. 
Investments principally invests in businesses and projects in the oil and gas and related energy sectors 
through direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through funds. 
T&CM is principally responsible for funding and managing the Group's liquidity needs and for investing 
its excess liquidity. 
The Group also publishes macro-economic research, with a focus on the oil and gas and related energy 
sectors.

--- Page 119 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 107 - 
75-40744906 
 
Corporate Banking 
Introduction 
Corporate Banking arranges financing through loans and credits for projects developed by local, regional 
and international sponsors in the energy sector. This financing activity is a major contributor to the Group's 
interest income, with loans and advances contributing U.S.$112.3 million, or 56.8 per cent., of the Group's 
total interest income in 2020. The Group also provides financial advisory services to clients when 
specifically requested, primarily to assist them in raising finance but also in terms of project development 
guidance, financial feasibility studies, validation of commercial viability and structure and transaction 
structuring. This advice generates a small amount of fee income. Including other minor sources of income, 
Corporate Banking generated total income of U.S.$136.7 million in 2020, U.S.$197.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$149.7 million in 2018, equal to 69.1 per cent., 70.7 per cent. and 61.0 per cent., respectively, of the 
Group's gross interest income in each year. 
Products and services 
Corporate Banking principally arranges medium- to long-term finance, although it also offers shorter-term 
trade finance and structured commodity finance. The Group offers loans and credits both on a conventional 
and on an Islamic finance basis. Key medium- to long-term finance products include project finance, asset- 
based finance (vessels and rigs), reserve-based finance, acquisition finance, equity bridge finance and 
working capital finance. 
The Group offers a suite of trade finance products and services, comprising letters of credit ("LCs") and 
letters of guarantee; and the handling of export LCs, including advising, negotiation and confirmation. The 
Group's range of structured commodity finance products includes transactional and inventory financings, 
borrowing base facilities, pre-export financings and prepayment facilities. 
Although the Group does not have its own Islamic banking unit and Shari'a board, it typically arranges and 
advises on Islamic transactions and has established strong relationships with major participants in the 
Islamic finance industry. In line with its current strategy, in 2014, the Group launched an initiative to 
increase the visibility of its Islamic finance capabilities, and started to systematically offer Shari'a- 
compliant finance solutions to its clients along with conventional products. As a result, the share of Islamic 
finance assets as a percentage of the Group's total unimpaired portfolio of loans and advances grew from 
approximately 27 per cent. at 1 January 2015 to 34.0 per cent. at 31 December 2020. 
Clients 
Corporate Banking's client base includes the national oil and gas companies of the OAPEC Member States, 
international companies which are active in the MENA region and a select group of privately owned 
companies from the MENA region. Corporate Banking's particular focus in relation to its medium- and 
longer-term financing is investment projects that are deemed strategic because of their economic impact, 
size, location, technology or diversification. These projects typically have strong support from their 
sponsors, which frequently include governments. Through participating in arranging and implementing the 
financing for these investments, Corporate Banking has developed close and long-standing relationships 
with the sponsors of these projects. 
Corporate Banking also enjoys close relationships with all the major international and regional financial 
institutions which are active in financing the energy industry throughout the MENA region, and beyond 
when the project or trade transaction financed benefits the MENA region. Therefore, in terms of geography, 
the Group does not focus exclusively on transactions within the Arab world but is also supporting its Arab 
clients in their projects and trade flows outside the Arab region. The Group exclusively finances the energy 
sector and is active throughout the energy value chain. The segments within these sectors financed by the 
Group include: 
• 
upstream: oil field services and drilling; offshore service vessels; and mining; 
• 
midstream: oil and product tankers; liquefied natural gas ("LNG") tankers; pipelines and oil and 
product terminals; 
• 
downstream: refinery, petrochemical and gas projects;

--- Page 120 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 108 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
utilities: conventional power and water desalination projects; water treatment; waste management 
and renewables projects; and 
• 
energy intensive: aluminium and metals; cement; and polysilicon. 
Lending criteria 
Corporate Banking aims to finance investment projects and commodity trade flows which have a strong 
economic rationale and that meet a strategic purpose. The criteria applied by the Group when selecting 
transactions include: 
• 
the strategic fit of the transaction and the impact of the Group's involvement in it; 
• 
the quality of the sponsors, the degree of their commitment and the strength of the Group's 
relationship with them; 
• 
the economic rationale, resilience and competitiveness of the project; 
• 
the degree of export orientation and foreign currency generation; 
• 
the degree of protection of the project from local factors, such as exchange rates, inflation and 
regulation; 
• 
the strength of the credit terms, including security, collateral and sponsor support; 
• 
the involvement along with the Group of export credit agencies, developmental agencies and 
multilateral development institutions in the financing in high political risk countries; 
• 
the role and visibility of the Group in the financing; and 
• 
the remuneration – the Group provides medium-to long-term financing at market rates. However, 
while profit is an important factor, its decision to advance financing is not solely driven by 
profitability and it also takes into account the developmental impact of the project. 
As a general rule, a country which has significant economic or political challenges is considered a less 
robust sponsor. In these instances, the Group's criteria concerning equity, project structure, guarantees, 
export-credits and multilateral financings are more stringent. 
The Group requires prior approval from its credit and investment committee and from the Board before 
committing to any funded or unfunded credit facility. Each approval is required to be supported by a detailed 
credit application, which includes a thorough due diligence and a comprehensive rating scorecard specific 
to the nature of the transaction. 
APICORP maintains country specific lending limits, single obligor limits, single group level limits and 
rating wise portfolio limits for its Corporate Banking business. 
The country limit for member countries is limited to 10 times their respective equity contributions, while 
the country cap for non-member countries is linked to their sovereign ratings as well as to a certain 
percentage of APICORP's total shareholders' equity, the maximum being 30 per cent. The maximum single 
obligor limit is 10 per cent. of the Group's net worth (being its total assets less its total liabilities). In 
addition, no lending commitment to any one group of companies may exceed 25 per cent. of the Group's 
net worth. 
Lending portfolio 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for a discussion of the 
Group's portfolio of loans and advances.

--- Page 121 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 109 - 
75-40744906 
 
Commitments to lend and guarantees 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Commitments and contingent liabilities" for a discussion of the Group's commitments to underwrite and 
fund loans, subscribe capital to investments, provide guarantees of investee company obligations and make 
certain other commitments. 
Investments 
Introduction 
Investments invests directly in private and public companies and/or indirectly in such companies through 
an investment in funds. The private companies invested in operate in the oil and gas industries, and in other 
industries derived from, ancillary to, associated with and/or complementary to, the oil and gas industry. 
Priority is given to Arab joint ventures which benefit OAPEC Member States and enhance their capability 
to utilise their petroleum resources. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's direct and indirect equity investment portfolio managed by portfolio 
management team within Investments (the ''Investments' Portfolio'') comprised 21 direct equity 
investments in companies, one capital commitment in a fund, an equity interest in a shipping fund and a 
managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. Of the investments in companies, 19 are in 
companies located in nine Arab countries: seven in Saudi Arabia, three in Egypt, two in Libya, two in Kuwait 
and one each in Bahrain, Iraq, Tunisia, Jordan and the UAE. The remaining two investments are in 
companies based in the United Kingdom. The portfolio includes nine investments in the oil and gas sector, 
six in the chemicals sector, three in power, one in capital goods, one in construction materials and one in 
logistics. Three of these investments have been fully impaired. 
In addition to direct equity investments, the Group has also committed capital to invest in the IFC MENA 
Fund, as discussed further under "—Equity investment portfolio" below. The Group's commitment to the 
IFC MENA Fund is U.S.$10.8 million. 
The Group also has a 94 per cent. equity interest in APICORP Petroleum Shipping Fund ("APSF"), an 
investment vehicle that owns five medium range petroleum products tankers that were leased, on a bareboat 
basis, to an international trading company. This charter expired in February 2018 and, since then, the vessels 
have been employed using a combination of index-linked charters and pool employment structures. 
During 2017, APICORP entered into a managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. for the 
creation of an investment partnership vehicle aimed at pursuing global energy co-investments. Goldman, 
Sachs & Co., through its Merchant Banking Division, acts as the Investment Manager for the investment 
partnership vehicle, which aims to make private equity co-investments in a diversified, global portfolio of 
energy assets, alongside Goldman Sachs' West Street Capital Partners VII funds. As at 31 December 2020, 
APICORP has completed three co-investments in North America through this investment vehicle, in the oil 
field services sector, the natural gas gathering and processing sector and the engineering, procurement and 
construction contracting sector, respectively. 
In 2019, the Group: 
• 
entered the Kuwait market through the acquisition of a 24 per cent. shareholding in Al-Khorayef 
United Holding Company ("Al Khorayef") which owns and manages oil and gas gathering and 
steam injection facilities; 
• 
as part of its investment in Al Khorayef, the Group also acquired a 24 per cent. stake in GC-16 
Project ("GC-16 JV") which is a joint venture set up to build, operate and maintain an oil 
production facility in West Kuwait; 
• 
re-entered the UAE market, after its exit from NPS in 2018, by acquiring an 11.8 per cent. 
shareholding in Yellow Door Energy ("YDE"), a distributed solar generation business; 
• 
in conjunction with Buckthorn, acquired a 10.3 per cent. shareholding in a specialised wellbore 
services platform ("Coretrax"), which owns and operates three small businesses, namely Coretrax, 
Mohawk and Churchill;

--- Page 122 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 110 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
participated in the initial public offering of ARAMCO by subscribing a small shareholding which 
was valued at U.S.$21.7 million as at 31 December 2020; and 
• 
acquired an incremental 10 per cent. shareholding in Ashtead Technology, an existing investment 
which since the acquisition of the additional shareholding which brought the total shareholding to 
32.9 per cent. has been equity accounted as an associate. 
In 2020, APICORP's exposure to the power sector, particularly renewables, increased when it acquired a 
20 per cent. shareholding in Jordan Wind Power Company ("JPWC"), its first investment in Jordan. 
APICORP also took advantage of the recovery in demand for, and pricing of, petrochemical products 
following the COVID 19 lockdowns when it partially exited its investment in YANSAB in the fourth 
quarter of 2020. 
Investments' Portfolio contributes to the Group's objectives of developing the energy industries in the 
MENA region. The total fair value of the portfolio was U.S.$1.0 billion as at 31 December 2020. The 
portfolio generated dividend income of U.S.$47.0 million in 2020, U.S.$64.4 million in 2019 and U.S.$52.1 
million in 2018, equal to 26.6 per cent., 39.3 per cent. and 20.6 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total 
income in each year. 
Most of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are held at fair value, although Investments' 
Portfolio also includes two investments, APSF and APICORP Managed Account Investment Vehicle, 
which are consolidated as subsidiaries and five investments, Falcon Cement Company, Ashtead 
Technology, Al Khorayef, GC-16 JV and JPWC, which are equity accounted associates. In addition, all 
investments made through the managed account investment partnership vehicle with Goldman Sachs & Co. 
are held as investments designated at FVTPL. 
Investment criteria 
The Group typically invests in meaningful minority stakes when making direct equity investments and acts 
in a fiduciary and advisory capacity through board representation. The Group typically does not exercise 
significant direct influence over the management or operations of its investee companies. 
The Group's investment guidelines for equity investments include: 
• 
a targeted minimum level of dividend yield to be maintained in the overall equity Investments' 
Portfolio; 
• 
the targeting of investments in the energy sector as well as in industries derived from, ancillary to, 
associated with, and/or complementary to, this sector. The guidelines also make allowance for a 
limited level of investment outside these sectors; 
• 
the prioritisation of investments in the MENA region and broadly investments with an Arab 
connection, with allowance for investments beyond these criteria subject to adhering to specific 
requirements; 
• 
the provision for direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through funds; 
• 
guidance on the collective level of investments in companies at different stages of the business life 
cycle, with a specific limit on investments in the early stages of development; 
• 
guidance on targeted investment return ranges; 
• 
guidance on preferred investment size ranges and a limit on the maximum size of each new 
investment; 
• 
guidance on the preferred level of shareholding and board representation; 
• 
guidance on the preferred and maximum investment periods; 
• 
guidance on qualitative and developmental factors to be considered; and 
• 
guidance on the preferred types of partners in equity investments.

--- Page 123 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 111 - 
75-40744906 
 
Investments' Portfolio 
The table below summarises Investments' Portfolio at 31 December 2020. These investments are at FVOCI, save where noted below. The investees listed below are considered 
to be related parties if they are based in an OAPEC Member State. 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Arab Drilling and Workover 
Company (ADWOC), Libya 
LD 60 million (equal to U.S.$44.8 
million as at 31 December 2020) 
20.00% 
Arab 
Petroleum 
Services 
Co. 
("APSCO"), Libya; First Energy Bank, 
Bahrain 
Drilling and related operations 
in the Arab world 
Arab Company for Detergent 
Chemicals (ARADET), Iraq(1) 
IR 36 million (equal to U.S.$25 
thousand as at 31 December 2020) 
32.00% 
Iraqi, 
Saudi 
Arabian 
and 
Kuwaiti 
governments; Arab Mining Company, 
Amman, Jordan; The Arab Investments 
Co., Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of 
linear alkyl benzene (LAB) and 
by-products 
Tankage Mediterranee 
(TANKMED), Tunisia 
TD 30 million (equal to U.S.$11.2 
million as at 31 December 2020) 
20.00% 
Tunisian Petro Enterprise; National Oil 
Distribution 
Company; 
Bank 
of 
Tunisia/Saudi Bank of Tunisia/Kuwait 
Storage 
and 
handling 
of 
petroleum products at La Skhira 
terminal 
Arab Geophysical Exploration 
Services Company (AGESCO), 
Libya(1) 
LD 35 million (equal to U.S.$26.1 
million as at 31 December 2020) 
16.67% 
APSCO, Libya; National Oil Company, 
Libya 
Providing seismic services for 
the oil and gas industry in the 
Arab world 
Saudi European Petrochemical 
Company (IBN ZAHR), Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 1,025 million (equal to 
U.S.$273.3 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
10.00% 
Saudi 
Basic 
Industries 
Corporation 
("SABIC"), Saudi Arabia; Ecofuel, Italy 
Production and marketing of 
methyl 
tertiary 
butyl 
ether 
(MTBE) 
and 
polypropylene 
("PP") 
The Arabian Industrial Fibers 
Company (IBN RUSHD), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 2,000 million (equal to 
U.S.$533.3 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
3.45% 
SABIC, Saudi Arabia; Public Investments 
Fund ("PIF"), Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of 
aromatics, purified terephthalic 
acid (PTA) and polyester fibres 
Yanbu National Petrochemical 
Company (YANSAB), Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 5,625 million (equal to 
U.S.$1,500 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
1.00% 
SABIC, Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of 
polyethylene, ethylene, glycol, 
PP and other by-products

--- Page 124 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 112 - 
75-40744906 
 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Egyptian Methanex Methanol 
Company (EMethanex), Egypt 
U.S.$215 million 
17.00% 
Methanex Corporation, Canada; Egyptian 
Petrochemicals 
Holding 
Company 
("Echem"), Egypt; Egyptian Natural Gas 
Holding Company ("Egas"), Egypt; 
Egyptian 
Natural 
Gas 
Company 
("EGASCO"), Egypt 
Production and marketing of 
methanol 
Misr Oil Processing Company 
(MOPCO), Egypt 
EGP 2,291 million (equal to 
U.S.$145.2 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
3.03% 
Echem, Egypt; Agrium, Canada; National 
Investments Bank, Egypt; Egas, Egypt; 
EGASCO, Egypt 
Production and marketing of 
ammonia and urea 
The Egyptian Bahraini Gas 
Derivative Company 
(EBGDCO), Egypt 
U.S.$25 million 
20.00% 
Egas, Egypt; Danagas, Bahrain 
Recovery and marketing of 
propane and butane 
The Industrialization & Energy 
Services Company (TAQA), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 5,000 million (equal to 
U.S.$1,333.3 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
5.86% 
PIF, Saudi Arabia; General Organization 
for Social Insurance (GOSI), Saudi 
Arabia 
Energy and related sectors 
(drilling, oil and gas fields 
services, 
seamless 
pipe 
manufacturing and industrial 
gases, among others) 
Saudi Mechanical Industries 
Co. (SMI), Saudi Arabia 
SAR 250 million (equal to 
U.S.$66.7 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
15.00% 
Fajr Capital; Jadwa Investment Company 
Industrial Manufacturing (oil 
and gas, water pump systems 
and engineering components) 
Falcon Cement Company 
B.S.C., Bahrain(2) 
BD 
17.4 
million 
(equal 
to 
U.S.$46.1 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
30.00% 
Gulf Finance House; BCC Building 
Materials; Abu Dhabi Financial Group  
Production and marketing of 
cement 
BPInv2 HoldCo Ltd. - Ashtead 
Technology, United Kingdom(2) 
GBP 24.6 million (equal to 
U.S.$33.4 million as at 31 
December 2020) 
32.90% 
Buckthorn Partners LLP 
Holding company which owns 
Ashtead Technology, a sub-sea 
equipment and services business 
Shuqaiq International Water 
and Electricity Company, Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 3 million (equal to U.S.$0.8 
million as at 31 December 2020) 
8.00% 
ACWA Power 
Holding 
company 
for 
the 
Shuqaiq Independent Water & 
Power Project

--- Page 125 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 113 - 
75-40744906 
 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Al-Khorayef United Holding 
Company(2) 
KD 4 million (equal to U.S.$13.1 
million as at 31 December 2020) 
24.00% 
Al Khorayef Group; United Oil Projects 
Company 
Ownership and management of 
oil and gas gathering and steam 
injection facilities 
GC-16 JV(2) 
—(3) 
24.00% 
Al Khorayef Group;  
A joint venture set up to build, 
own 
and 
operate 
an 
oil 
production facility 
Yellow Door Energy (YDE) 
U.S.$80.6 million 
11.80% 
International Finance Corporation; Mitsui 
& Co.; Adenium; Energy Capital; 
Equinor 
Distributed 
solar 
energy 
systems 
BPInv4 HoldCo Ltd. – 
Coretrax, United Kingdom 
GBP 56.9 million (equal to 
U.S.$77.3 
million 
as at 31 
December 2020) 
10.30% 
Buckthorn Partners LLP 
Holding company that owns 
Coretrax, a platform that owns 
and 
operates 
specialised 
wellbore services companies 
Saudi Arabian Oil Company 
(ARAMCO), Saudi Arabia 
SAR 87.0 billion (equal to 
U.S.$23.2 
billion 
as 
at 
31 
December 2020) 
NM 
Government of Saudi Arabia 
Engaged in activities relating to 
the energy industry, including 
hydrocarbons, chemicals and 
other 
associated 
and 
complementary industries 
IntraTaf Holding – Jordan 
Wind Power Company 
(JWPC), Jordan(2) 
U.S.$28.0 million 
20.00% 
Masdar; Al Blagha Group 
Holding company that owns 
Tafila 
Wind 
Farms, 
an 
independent wind power project 
in Jordan 
IFC Middle East and North 
Africa Fund, LLP (IFC Fund) 
U.S.$108.0 million(4) 
10.00% 
IFC Founder Partner, LLC; Arab Fund for 
Economic and Social Development; The 
Arab 
Investment 
Company; 
Japan 
International Cooperation Agency 
Investment in equity, quasi-
equity 
or 
equity-related 
investments in IFC's member 
countries in the MENA region 
APICORP Petroleum Shipping 
Fund (APSF)(5) 
U.S.$38.8 million 
94.00% 
Tufton Oceanic (ME) Ltd 
An investment vehicle that owns 
five medium range petroleum 
products tankers

--- Page 126 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 114 - 
75-40744906 
 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
APICORP Managed Account 
Investment Vehicle, North 
America (MAIV)(5) 
U.S.$84.6 million(6) 
100.00% 
— 
Energy related 
 _______________  
Notes: 
NM Not meaningful. 
(1) Fully impaired investment. 
(2) Equity accounted associate. 
(3) Joint Venture does not have any paid-up share capital. 
(4) Total committed capital. IFC Middle East and North Africa Fund, LLP (IFC Fund) is classified as an investment at FVTPL. 
(5) Consolidated as a subsidiary. 
(6) Capital contributed by APICORP as at 31 December 2019. This account is managed by Goldman, Sachs & Co. The vehicle has made three investments as at 31 December 2020, which are 
Lucid Energy Group II LLC, BJ Services, LLC and McDermott International, and each of which is designated at FVTPL. The investments in McDermott and BJ Services have been fully 
impaired as at 31 December in 2020. The APICORP Managed Account Investment Vehicle, North America (MAIV) is consolidated as a subsidiary of APICORP.

--- Page 127 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 115 - 
75-40744906 
 
The table below summarises the geographical spread of Investments' Portfolio at 31 December 2020. 
Country 
No. of 
investments 
Fair value at 
31 December 
2020 
Percentage of 
portfolio 
 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia .............................................................................................. 
7 
663.2  
66.0 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... 
3 
152.0  
15.1 
Libya ......................................................................................................... 
2 
9.6  
1.0 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... 
1 
11.1  
1.1 
Iraq ............................................................................................................ 
1 
0.0  
0.0 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... 
2 
37.6  
3.7 
UAE .......................................................................................................... 
1 
10.8  
1.1 
MENA(1) .................................................................................................... 
1 
3.6  
0.4 
Bahrain ...................................................................................................... 
1 
16.4  
1.6 
Jordan ........................................................................................................ 
1 
23.4  
2.3 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ 
2 
45.2  
4.5 
North America(2) ........................................................................................ 
1 
32.6  
3.2 
 
23(3) 
1,005.5  
100.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Comprises the investment in the IFC MENA Fund 
(2) Comprises the investments made through the managed account investment partnership with Goldman Sachs & Co. 
(3) Excludes the investment in APSF, which is a consolidated subsidiary. 
Each company in Investments' Portfolio has its own dividend policy, which is usually governed by the 
amount of the annual profit earned, the company's liquidity, its business growth plans and the policies and 
priorities of the majority shareholders. 
Exit strategy 
Investments' Portfolio management team is responsible for identifying potential exit opportunities, 
assessing the feasibility and desirability of potential exits and recommending potential divestments to the 
appropriate decision making body in accordance with the Group's approved authority matrix. In addition, 
the team is responsible for the effective execution of exit mandates in line with the Group's investment 
guidelines. 
Given its development mandate, the Group's direct and indirect equity investments have typically been 
long-term and strategic in nature. For example, five of its current direct equity investments have been held 
for over 30 years and the average holding period in Investments' Portfolio is approximately 13 years. 
The Group's only full exit in relation to a direct equity investment since 1 January 2017 is the sale of its 
29.12 per cent. interest in NPS, which completed in June 2018. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2020 
the Group sold a part of its investment in YANSAB. 
The Group is also in the final stages of exiting from two direct equity investments, one of which is based 
in Egypt and the other in Tunisia. The share sale agreement for the transactions was executed in early 2021 
and the sales are expected to be completed in the near future. The share sales agreement is conditional and 
there remains a risk that these transactions may not be completed. 
Treasury and capital markets (T&CM) 
Introduction 
T&CM's mandate is to: 
• 
ensure that APICORP is adequately funded and that a diverse range of counterparties, products 
and maturity profiles are available at any given time. See further "Management's discussion and 
analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Liquidity and funding— 
Funding"; 
• 
manage market risks proactively. See further "Risk management—Market risk management"; and

--- Page 128 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 116 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
manage an investment portfolio with the aim of providing enhanced earnings not correlated to the 
Group's other two main cyclical business lines. 
As at 31 December 2020, T&CM had assets of U.S.$2,761.7 million. The total market value of the securities 
in T&CM's treasury investments portfolio (being its portfolio of debt securities held at FVOCI) at 31 
December 2020 was U.S.$2,324.8 million, and was principally invested in issuers with ratings between 
AAA and A. The average rating of the portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was AA. During 2020, the T&CM 
treasury investments portfolio generated U.S.$47.7 million of interest income, equal to 24.1 per cent. of the 
Group's total interest income in that year. 
Investment strategy 
T&CM operates out of two centres: APICORP's head office in Dammam and APICORP's branch in 
Bahrain. Both treasuries work closely together, and consider their operations as one, except to the extent 
that local regulation dictates otherwise. 
The Group's treasury investment strategy is conservative, targeting high quality assets and liquid 
investments aiming to provide a stable and reliable source of income throughout different economic and 
market conditions and un-correlated to the economic cycles inherent in the Corporate Banking and 
Investments business lines. T&CM's investment policy permits investments in three major asset classes, 
fixed income securities (including treasury bills), funds and equities. 
The aim of this strategy is to enhance profitability by providing stable year-on-year returns over cost of 
funds and to manage the Group's liquidity while remaining within defined risk parameters. The majority of 
the T&CM investment portfolio comprises fixed income securities which can either be sold or used to raise 
finance through sale and repurchase transactions if necessary. 
The allocation of investments is mainly based on the performance outlook of each asset class, taking into 
account liquidity considerations, which on occasion leads the Group to adjust its asset mix to ensure that it 
maintains a conservative approach. T&CM endeavours to avoid significant volatility in its investment 
portfolio and focuses on capital preservation. Currently, the majority of the portfolio is invested in fixed 
income securities, all of which are denominated in U.S. dollars and none of which include embedded 
derivative elements. 
T&CM treasury investments portfolio 
T&CM's treasury investments portfolio is discussed further under "Management's discussion and analysis 
of financial position and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of certain statement of financial 
position items—Treasury investment portfolio". 
COMPETITION 
The Group's primary competition is from regional, international and development banks which have 
recognised expertise in project finance, ship finance and structured commodity finance as well as the 
financing of energy projects and energy trade in the MENA region. However, in many cases competitors 
on certain deals are also partners on other deals leading to competitive partnership. The Group is also 
increasingly facing competition from local banks in their own jurisdictions which have established expertise 
in the project financing area and are prepared to support aggressively their national champions and 
landmark projects. These banks also benefit from the ability to fund themselves with low cost retail deposits 
in their local currency. This competition directly impacts the Group's ability to win advisory and structuring 
mandates and also affects the pricing of transactions, particularly at times where there is significant market 
liquidity. This competition may also lead to certain transactions being structured in a more aggressive 
manner than the Group considers appropriate in light of the risks involved. 
With regard to direct equity investments, the Group's competition includes investment funds and private 
equity companies, large family holding companies with interest in the oil and gas industry, and energy 
project developers. 
See generally "Risk Factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Certificates issued under the Programme—The Group faces significant and increasing competition".

--- Page 129 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 117 - 
75-40744906 
 
COMPLIANCE 
The Group is committed to building and maintaining a culture of ethical behaviour, corporate governance 
and regulatory compliance. The Group's compliance function is independent from its business activities. 
Among other things, the compliance function is responsible for: 
• 
determining the internal measures and procedures needed to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, procedures and internal standards and providing appropriate guidance to employees; 
• 
monitoring adherence to all applicable laws, regulations, procedures and internal standards either 
directly or by delegating this responsibility to other clearly identified departments or persons as 
part of the Group's internal control process; 
• 
assisting management in ensuring that all activities are conducted in conformity with all applicable 
requirements; and 
• 
assessing the appropriateness of the Group's compliance-related guidelines and, where necessary, 
proposing amendments. 
The Group's Compliance and Anti-money Laundering ("AML") policy sets out minimum standards which 
must be complied with across the Group. These include: 
• 
the appointment and approval of the Compliance Officer, who is responsible for overseeing 
compliance with relevant regulations, rules and best practices; 
• 
the appointment and approval of the Money Laundering Reporting Officer, who is responsible for 
overseeing all AML activity within the Group; 
• 
establishing and maintaining thorough customer due diligence, identification, verification and 
know your customer ("KYC") procedures, including enhanced due diligence for high risk 
counterparties (such as certain correspondent banks and politically exposed persons); 
• 
in accordance with Central Bank of Bahrain regulations and Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") 
recommendations, the Group does not deal with banks that have no physical presence; 
• 
ongoing monitoring of counterparty activities and frequent counterparty reviews; 
• 
procedures for identifying and reporting suspicious transactions internally and/or to regulatory 
bodies (such as the Central Bank of Bahrain); 
• 
the retention of records for minimum prescribed periods in accordance with applicable regulations; 
and 
• 
appropriate reporting on compliance/AML matters to senior management and the Board (where 
material). 
The Group is committed to preventing the use of its operations for money laundering, terrorist financing 
and other criminal purposes. In its approach to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, the Group 
is committed to adhering to all laws and regulations that are applicable in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and other 
countries in which it operates. It is also committed to complying with international best practices, especially 
those endorsed by the FATF, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and the Wolfsberg Group. 
The Group seeks to ensure that it maintains full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all 
jurisdictions in which it does business (including those promulgated by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets 
Control, the European Union and the United Nations). APICORP complies with all applicable laws and 
regulations on sanctioned countries or entities regardless of its Syrian and Libyan shareholders, including 
blocking transactions where appropriate, including with respect to shareholders, investments and lending 
activity. The Group's Sanctions Compliance Policy covers: 
• 
screening customers/clients and transactions globally against the sanctions lists issued by the 
United Kingdom's HM Treasury, the European Union, the United Nations and the United States of 
America Department of the Treasury – Office of Foreign Assets Control;

--- Page 130 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 118 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
prohibiting business activity, including prohibitions on commencing or continuing customer 
relationships or providing products or services or facilitating transactions that the Group believes 
may violate applicable sanctions laws or its Sanctions Compliance Policy, including dealing with 
individuals or entities named on a sanctions list or conducting business, directly or indirectly, 
involving countries or territories subject to comprehensive sanctions; 
• 
restricting business activity involving, directly or indirectly, countries or persons subject to more 
selective or targeted sanctions programmes, which impacts not only the types of products or 
services that the Group may make available but also the types of transactions the Group may 
process; 
• 
investigating all customer/client alerts or transactions that are flagged in the Group's screening 
systems; and 
• 
reporting breaches of sanctions laws to the relevant regulatory authority. 
Effective AML and KYC procedures form a fundamental part of the Group's internal control regime. 
Ongoing KYC, AML and sanctions training is provided to all of the Group's employees on a regular basis. 
INTERNAL AUDIT 
The Group has engaged Price Waterhouse Coopers ("PwC") to conduct the internal audit of all of its 
activities. PwC reports its findings to the Board Audit and Risk Committee. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
The Group uses IT to support the delivery of its business strategy. The Group uses market leading software 
solutions for its financial services and enterprise resource planning to provide services to its business and 
to respond to new trends in business strategies as they arise. The Group deals with a range of hardware and 
software partners as well as outsourcing vendors to achieve its long-term strategic IT vision, which is to 
ensure that the IT services that it delivers are reliable, secure and business aligned. 
The Group has a data centre with appropriate redundancy levels, high availability and a managed virtualised 
environment. It has also established a disaster recovery site which enables data replication with the main 
data centre for all critical applications. 
APICORP's cyber-security procedures aim to ensure the maximum information and network protection 
from cyber threats and operate at four main levels: 
• 
network security, which aims to ensure the security of APICORP's network from threats 
originating both inside and outside APICORP; 
• 
application security, which is designed to ensure that any application developed or acquired meets 
stringent standards of security; 
• 
information system security, which comprises the processes and methodologies involved in 
keeping information confidential and available and assuring its integrity; and 
• 
end-users security, which seeks to protect APICORP from end-users' activity and end-users from 
threats emanating from both within and outside APICORP.

--- Page 131 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 119 - 
75-40744906 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
INTRODUCTION 
The role of risk management is to understand, measure and manage risk in all aspects of the Group's 
business. The Group aims to embed a risk management culture in all of its business processes and to ensure 
that a risk management culture is adopted throughout the organisation. Accordingly, the Group seeks to 
continually improve its risk management in line with industry standards and Central Bank of Bahrain 
guidelines and by investing in the right people and systems. 
The Group's risk management framework is focused on fully integrating enterprise-wide risk management 
into its operations and culture. The risk management structure covers credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk and compliance. The Group seeks to ensure that risks are proactively identified and 
managed and it aims to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return and to minimise potential 
adverse effects on its financial performance. 
The Group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks which it faces, to set 
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions, emerging 
best practices and the products and services offered. The Group, through its training and management 
standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment, in which all 
employees understand their roles and obligations. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES 
The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management 
framework. The Board has established a Risk Management committee, which is responsible for developing 
and monitoring the Group's risk management policies. In addition, the Board Audit and Risk committee 
oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group's risk management policies and 
procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by 
the Group. The Board Audit and Risk committee is assisted in its oversight role by the internal audit 
function (which is outsourced to PwC), which undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk 
management controls and procedures. 
The Risk Management Committee, which is a management level committee, is responsible for developing 
and monitoring the Group's risk management policies to maintain effective oversight of the key risks faced. 
Risk management policies have been established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group; set 
appropriate risk limits and controls; and monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the 
Group's activities. The Group is focusing on integrating risk management functions within its business lines 
and aims to develop a disciplined and integrated control environment that can optimise its risk-reward 
profile. 
For a further discussion of the Group's Board and management committees, see "Management and 
employees—Management". 
The Group's Risk Management Department is responsible for ensuring and maintaining effective 
enterprise-wide risk management, as contained in the Group's Risk Charter; together with all risk 
management policies, risk exposure thresholds, risk appetite framework, rating models and related manuals. 
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or counterparty will be unable or unwilling to meet a commitment 
that it has entered into with the Group, causing a financial loss to the Group. Credit risk principally arises 
from the Group's lending, treasury and other activities. The Group has established policies and procedures 
to control and monitor these risks and it also monitors concentration of credit risk by sector and by 
geographic location.

--- Page 132 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 120 - 
75-40744906 
 
Proposed loans and direct and indirect equity investments are subject to systematic investigation, analysis 
and appraisal as set forth below. Once approved, all loan commitments, whether drawn or undrawn, are 
subject to systematic monitoring so that potential problems may be detected early and remedial action taken. 
The Group's treasury activities, including its investments in fixed income securities and its bank placements, 
are controlled by means of a framework of limits and external credit ratings. Investing in marketable 
securities is primarily restricted to GCC countries, the United States and major European stock exchanges. 
Dealings are only permitted with approved internationally rated banks, brokers and other counterparties. 
Securities portfolios and investing policies are reviewed from time to time by the Risk Management 
Committee. 
Credit approval process 
All of the Group's credit transactions undergo two levels of review before being proposed for Board 
approval, with interim approval being granted as a clearance to perform further due diligence. Final 
approval is only granted after detailed due diligence has been conducted and the results are considered 
satisfactory. 
Applicants for direct credit are required to submit detailed information to the Group, including relevant 
background information as well as specific information on their management, business model, major 
suppliers and customers and bank relationships and limits. In addition, the Group typically requires audited 
financial statements for the last three years as well as current year financial information where available. 
The availability of sovereign guarantees and commitments and export credit agency cover are also key 
factors in the evaluation of a credit application. 
Officers within Corporate Banking conduct a financial analysis of the applicant, propose an internal credit 
grade and negotiate the key terms of the proposed facility with the applicant. They also conduct screening 
checks and undertake site visits. All credit applications are also reviewed independently by the Risk 
Management Department. Risk queries are discussed with the transaction team and the queries and their 
resolution are reflected in the credit application. Reference checks are made through market sources and 
intermediaries. Where appropriate, specialist consultants may be engaged to undertake technical, financial 
and/or legal due diligence. Once the credit application has been completed, it and the accompanying risk 
review and any external due diligence reports obtained are submitted to the management level Credit and 
Investment Committee for review and approval. 
Where the Group is participating in a syndicated loan, the Group typically receives and reviews the standard 
credit package submitted to all potential syndicate participants. The Group's review process for syndicated 
loan participations does not materially differ from that for its direct lending. 
In each case, once all internal review and validation steps have been completed, the application is submitted 
to the Credit and Investment Committee, which makes an appropriate recommendation to the Board. The 
Board has the ultimate authority to sanction commitments. 
Credit rating and measurement 
The Group's risk rating system is the basis for determining the credit risk of its asset portfolio and, therefore, 
appropriate asset pricing, the portfolio management strategy and loss provisions and reserves. The risk 
rating is also a key factor in credit approval. 
The Group allocates each exposure to a credit risk grade based on a variety of data that is determined to be 
predictive of the risk of default and applying experienced credit judgement. Credit risk grades are defined 
using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. These factors vary depending 
on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. 
Credit risk grades are defined and calibrated such that the risk of default occurring increases exponentially 
as the credit risk deteriorates. 
Each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition based on available information about 
the borrower. Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved 
to a different credit risk grade. Internal risk management reports, containing information on key variables, 
portfolio delinquency and impairment performance, are presented to both the Risk Management Committee 
and the Board Audit and Risk Committee. All exposures are monitored carefully for performance and

--- Page 133 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 121 - 
75-40744906 
 
reviewed formally on a monthly basis. The Group's policies mandate client visits and monitoring of 
accounts to make sure that any concerns on the quality of the accounts are addressed proactively. 
The information used to assign and monitor credit risk grades comprises: 
• 
information obtained from customer files, including audited financial statements, management 
accounts, budgets and projections. Example areas of particular focus are: gross profit margins, 
financial leverage ratios, debt service coverage, compliance with covenants, quality of 
management and senior management changes; 
• 
data from credit reference agencies, press articles and changes in external credit ratings; 
• 
quoted bond and credit default swap prices for the borrower where available; 
• 
actual and expected significant changes in the political, regulatory and technological environment 
of the borrower or in its business activities; 
• 
the borrower's payment record, including its overdue status as well as a range of variables about 
payment ratios; 
• 
utilisation of the granted limit; 
• 
requests for and granting of forbearance; and 
• 
existing and forecast changes in business, financial and economic conditions. 
The Group also monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify significant increases in credit risk 
by regular reviews to confirm that: 
• 
the criteria are capable of identifying significant increases in credit risk before an exposure is in 
default; 
• 
the criteria do not align with the point in time when an asset becomes 30 days past due; and 
• 
there is no unwarranted volatility in loss allowance from transfers between 12-month probability 
of default ("PD") (stage 1 under IFRS 9) and lifetime PD (stage 2 under IFRS 9). 
Additionally, in 2020 the Group assessed borrowers for other indicators of unlikeliness to pay in light of 
the potential and actual impacts of COVID-19 on their business. The Group uses credit risk grades as a 
primary input into the determination of the term structure of the PD for exposure. 
The Group collects performance and default information about its credit exposure analysed by jurisdiction 
or region and by type of product and borrower as well as credit risk grading. The information used is based 
on the internally generated rating model. The internal credit grade system is not intended to replicate 
external credit grades but factors used to grade a borrower may be similar, a borrower rated poorly by an 
external rating agency is typically assigned a higher internal credit grade. Lower grades are indicative of a 
lower likelihood of default. Credit ratings are used by the Group to decide the maximum lending amount 
and also to set minimum pricing thresholds. 
The Group has adopted a five-tiered asset classification, being Standard, Watch List, Substandard, Doubtful 
and Loss, and grades its assets under 10 rating categories. Assets within the AAA to C rating band (that is, 
AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B and C) are considered to be performing assets and assets graded DDD, DD or 
D are considered to be non-performing assets. 
The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk, the Group will measure the loss allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month expected 
credit losses.

--- Page 134 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 122 - 
75-40744906 
 
The table below summarises the Group's asset classification and grading model. 
Internal rating 
Asset classification 
Default indicator 
AAA to AA- ..............................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
A+ to A- ....................................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
BBB+ to BBB- ..........................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
BB+ to B- ..................................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
NR .............................................................  
NR 
No past due payments 
C 
Watch list 
Past due payments of 90 
days or less 
DDD ..........................................................  
Sub Standard 
Past due payment of 180 
days or less 
DD .............................................................  
Doubtful 
Past due payment of 360 
days or less 
D ................................................................  
Loss 
Past due payment of more 
than 360 days 
 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for analyses of the Group's 
loans and advances by the concentrations of these loans by sector and geographic location, in each case as 
at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Group has a risk-based pricing mechanism under which the allocation of capital for each loan is based 
on the loan's internal rating, in accordance with Basel guidance that riskier assets should require more 
capital. The Group's loans are priced to derive an acceptable return on capital which means that higher 
pricing is applied to riskier loans. 
Generating the term structure of PD 
Credit risk grades are a primary input into the determination of the term structure of PD for exposures. The 
Group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures analysed by jurisdiction 
or region and by type of product and borrower as well as by credit risk grading. 
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of the remaining 
lifetime PD of exposures and how these are expected to change as a result of the passage of time. 
This analysis includes the identification and calibration of relationships between changes in default rates 
and changes in key macro-economic factors as well as in-depth analysis of the impact of certain other 
factors (such as forbearance experience) on the risk of default. For most exposures, key macro-economic 
indicators include GDP growth. 
Based on advice from the Risk Management Department and economic experts and consideration of a 
variety of external actual and forecast information, the Group formulates a base case view of the future 
direction of relevant economic variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast 
scenarios. The Group then uses these forecasts to adjust its estimates of PDs. 
The base case represents a most-likely outcome and is aligned with information used by the Group for other 
purposes, such as strategic planning and budgeting. The other scenarios represent more optimistic and more 
pessimistic outcomes. 
The Group has identified and documented key drivers of credit risk and credit losses for each portfolio of 
financial instruments and, using an analysis of historical data, has estimated relationships between macro- 
economic variables and credit risk and credit losses. The economic scenarios used the key indicators for 
the selected countries such as interest rates and GDP growth.

--- Page 135 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 123 - 
75-40744906 
 
The tables below show the internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding at 
amortised cost and their corresponding IFRS 9 stage classification as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 
and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ...............................................................  
643.7 
— 
— 
643.7 
A+ - A- ......................................................................  
1,460.2 
— 
— 
1,460.2 
BBB – BBB- .............................................................  
776.4 
79.3 
— 
855.7 
BB+ - C .....................................................................  
277.1 
727.3 
— 
1,004.5 
D  
— 
7.8 
16.5 
24.4 
Gross amount...........................................................  
3,157.4 
814.5 
16.5 
3,988.4 
ECL allowance ..........................................................  
(9.1) 
(43.3) 
(15.8) 
(68.3) 
Carrying amount .....................................................  
3,148.3 
771.1 
0.7 
3,920.1 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ...............................................................  
598.7 
— 
— 
598.7 
A+ - A- ......................................................................  
1,342.3 
— 
— 
1,342.3 
BBB – BBB- .............................................................  
778.4 
79.1 
— 
857.5 
BB+ - C .....................................................................  
402.7 
541.9 
— 
944.6 
D  
— 
— 
14.0 
14.0 
Gross amount...........................................................  
3,122.0 
621.0 
14.0 
3,757.0 
ECL allowance ..........................................................  
(3.8) 
(35.5) 
(12.2) 
(51.5) 
Carrying amount .....................................................  
3,118.3 
585.4 
1.8 
3,705.5 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ...............................................................  
489.9 
— 
— 
489.9 
A+ - A- ......................................................................  
1,430.5 
0.5 
— 
1,431.1 
BBB – BBB- .............................................................  
589.7 
202.7 
— 
792.4 
BB+ - C .....................................................................  
471.4 
379.5 
— 
850.9 
D  
— 
— 
12.5 
12.5 
Gross amount...........................................................  
2,981.6 
582.7 
12.5 
3,576.8 
ECL allowance ..........................................................  
(4.6) 
(38.6) 
(19.0) 
(55.7) 
Carrying amount .....................................................  
2,977.0 
544.1 
— 
3,521.1 
 
Credit mitigation 
The Group seeks to mitigate potential credit losses from any given account, customer or portfolio using a 
range of tools, including taking collateral or guarantees in particular. The reliance that can be placed on 
these credit mitigation resources is carefully assessed taking into account their legal enforceability, the 
market value of any collateral and the counterparty risk of any guarantor. 
The Group accepts a range of collateral types, including receivables; fixed assets such as plant and 
machinery; marketable securities; commodities; bank guarantees; and LCs. Risk mitigation policies control 
the approval of different collateral types. 
The Group values its collateral in accordance with its risk mitigation policy, which prescribes the frequency 
of valuation for different collateral types. The valuation frequency is driven by the level of price volatility 
of each type of collateral and the nature of the underlying product or risk exposure. Collateral held against 
impaired financings is maintained at fair value. 
The Group also purchases comprehensive non-payment insurance cover for certain exposures in non- 
investment grade countries based on transaction credit assessments. 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk management 
aims to ensure that funds are available at all times to meet the Group's funding requirements.

--- Page 136 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 124 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Group's liquidity management policies are designed to ensure that even under adverse conditions, the 
Group has access to adequate funds to meet its obligations, and to service its core investment and lending 
functions. This is achieved by the application of prudent but flexible controls, which provide security of 
access to liquidity without undue exposure to increased costs from the liquidation of assets or the need to 
bid aggressively for deposits. 
The Group seeks to maintain an adequate level of quality liquid assets to continuously support its liquidity 
needs. Well-diversified sources of funding are also maintained, and liquidity mismatches are monitored 
and managed on a proactive basis. The Group's liquidity risk policy is in compliance with Basel III 
guidelines. As part of liquidity management, the Group also seeks to ensure the availability of bank term 
financing at competitive rates at all times to meet its long-term funding requirements. 
During 2020, management enhanced its monitoring of the Group's liquidity and funding requirements. In 
response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group invoked its contingency funding plan and continues to 
monitor and respond to all liquidity and funding requirements that are presented. 
The Group's daily liquidity position is monitored and regular stress testing is conducted under a variety of 
scenarios covering both normal and more severe market conditions. The Group continues to calibrate stress 
testing scenarios to current market conditions in order to assess the impact on the Group. The Group 
believes that its liquidity and funding position remains strong and that it is well placed to absorb and manage 
the economic and other changes arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
All of the Group's liquidity policies are subject to review and approval by the Asset and Liability Committee 
(the ALCO). Liquidity controls are provided for an adequately diversified deposit base in terms of 
maturities and the range of counterparties. 
The table below summarises the Group's asset and liability maturity profile, based on management's 
estimates of repayment, as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019a and 2018. A more detailed table showing 
individual statement of financial position line items is set out in note 26(b) to the 2019 Financial Statements 
and note 29 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months 
to 1 year 
1 – 5 years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ............................................................. 
800.2 
1,226.2 
2,850.6 
3,015.7 
7,892.8 
Total liabilities and equity ...................................... 
(464.7) 
(818.8) 
(4,167.9) 
(2,441.4) 
(7,892.8) 
Maturity gap ........................................................... 
335.6 
407.4 
(1,317.4) 
574.3 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ........................................ 
335.6 
743.0 
(574.3) 
— 
— 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ............................................................. 
1,337.5 
797.3 
2,752.5 
2,462.1 
7,349.4 
Total liabilities and equity ...................................... 
(308.5) 
(703.2) 
(3,986.9) 
(2,350.8) 
(7,349.4) 
Maturity gap ........................................................... 
1,029.0 
94.1 
(1,234.4) 
111.3 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ........................................ 
1,029.0 
1,123.1 
(111.3) 
— 
— 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ............................................................. 
1,127.9 
820.5 
2,508.9 
2,495.5 
6,952.7 
Total liabilities and equity ...................................... 
(788.2) 
(1,029.7) 
(2,866.9) 
(2,268.0) 
(6,952.7) 
Maturity gap ........................................................... 
339.7 
(209.3) 
(358.0) 
227.6 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ........................................ 
339.7 
130.5 
(227.6) 
— 
— 
 
The Group's funding profile has been strengthened by increasing the amount of its medium- and long-term 
funding. As a result, the Group's liquidity mismatch position has improved as evidenced by the trend in 
maturity gaps shown in the table above. 
MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market factors, such as interest rates, equity prices and foreign 
exchange rates, will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The 
objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable 
parameters, while optimising the return on risk. 
The majority of the Group's investments (which are not actively traded) are debt securities held at FVOCI. 
The Group also has a small amount of equity-related funds and equity securities held at FVOCI. Treasury 
activities are controlled by the ALCO and are also subject to a framework of Board- approved currency, 
industry and geographical limits and ratings by recognised rating agencies.

--- Page 137 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 125 - 
75-40744906 
 
The principal risk to which the Group's non-trading portfolios are exposed is the risk of loss from 
fluctuations in the future cash flows or fair values of its securities because of a change in market interest 
rates, foreign exchange rates and/or equity prices. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group's loans and advances and its funding are principally denominated in U.S. dollars and the interest 
rates for both are typically linked to U.S. dollar LIBOR, giving the Group a significant degree of natural 
hedge. The Group's exposure to interest rate fluctuations on certain financial assets and liabilities is also 
contractually hedged through interest rate swap agreements. 
The Group's exposure to interest rate risk is restricted by permitting only a limited mismatch between the 
re-pricing of the main components of its assets and liabilities. The table below summarises the Group's 
interest rate sensitivity gap by repricing period and its cumulative gap as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018. A more detailed table showing individual statement of financial position line items is set 
out in note 30 to the each of the Financial Statements. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months to 
1 year 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap .............................. 
819.2 
(1,633.2) 
— 
— 
(814.0) 
Cumulative gap ............................................... 
819.2 
(814.0) 
(814.0) 
(814.0) 
(1,622.7) 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap .............................. 
669.9 
952.3 
— 
— 
1,622.2 
Cumulative gap ............................................... 
669.9 
1,622.2 
1,622.2 
1,622.2 
— 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap .............................. 
1,535.8 
294.6 
— 
— 
1,830.4 
Cumulative gap ............................................... 
1,535.8 
1,830.4 
1,830.4 
1,830.4 
— 
 
A positive figure in the table above indicates that the Group has a higher volume of assets than liabilities 
which re-priced in the relevant period. Where the Group's gaps are positive, this means that the Group 
typically benefits in an increasing interest rate environment but is adversely affected in a falling interest 
rate environment. 
The management of interest rate risk against interest rate gap limits is supplemented by monitoring the 
sensitivity of the Group's financial assets and liabilities to various standard and non-standard interest rate 
scenarios. Standard scenarios that are considered on a periodic basis include a 100 basis point parallel fall 
or rise in all yield curves worldwide. 
The table shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income and equity as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 to an increase or decrease in market interest rates (assuming no 
asymmetrical movement in yield curves and a constant statement of financial position). 
 
100 basis point parallel increase 
100 basis point parallel decrease 
 
Profit or loss 
Equity 
Profit or loss 
Equity 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 31 December 2020 ................................. 
1.5 
0.4 
(1.5) 
(0.4) 
As at 31 December 2019 ................................. 
1.6 
0.4 
(1.6) 
(0.4) 
As at 31 December 2018 ................................. 
1.2 
0.3 
(1.2) 
(0.3) 
 
Treasury's fixed income portfolio is also exposed to credit spread risk. APICORP manages this risk through 
investing in highly rated securities (with a target portfolio rating of "A") with shorter tenor and diversified 
characteristics. 
Currency risk 
Currency risk is minimised by conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other than the U.S. 
dollar to ensure that no significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks. The 
Group does not trade in foreign exchange. The Group's exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar 
are also partially hedged by entering into forward contracts. 
The table below shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income to a 5 per cent. 
strengthening or a 5 per cent. weakening of the U.S. dollar against major un-pegged foreign currencies as

--- Page 138 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 126 - 
75-40744906 
 
at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular 
interest rates, remain the same. 
 
5 per cent. strengthening of 
U.S. dollar 
5 per cent. weakening of 
U.S. dollar 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
GBP...................................................................................... 
0.041 
(0.041) 
KWD .................................................................................... 
0.018 
(0.018) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
GBP...................................................................................... 
0.024 
(0.024) 
KWD .................................................................................... 
0.024 
(0.024) 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
Euro...................................................................................... 
0.029 
(0.029) 
GBP...................................................................................... 
0.071 
(0.071) 
 
The Group also has minor sensitivities in other currencies. For further information see note 26 to each of 
the Financial Statements. In addition, note 31 to each of the Financial Statements contains information on 
the Group's exposures by currency. The Group's only significant exposures are in U.S. dollars and 
currencies linked to the U.S. dollar. 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the Group's quoted equity investments will depreciate in value due to 
movements in their quoted equity prices. The Risk Management Committee is responsible for managing 
equity price risk. Periodic listed equity price movements are reviewed by executive management and the 
Risk Management Committee. The Group believes that it has an insignificant exposure to listed equities. 
Note 28 to each of the Financial Statements contains details of the Group's fair value hierarchy and 
categories of financial instruments. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Operational risk is the risk of unexpected losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal controls or 
procedures, systems failures, fraud, business interruption, compliance breaches, human error, management 
failure or inadequate staffing. A framework and methodology has been developed to identify and control 
the Group's operational risks. While operational risk cannot be entirely eliminated, it is managed and 
mitigated by ensuring that the appropriate infrastructure, controls, systems, procedures, and trained and 
competent people are in place. The Group's internal audit function makes regular, independent appraisals 
of the control environment in all identified risk areas. Adequately tested contingency arrangements are also 
in place to support operations in the event of a range of possible disaster scenarios and, as part of the Group's 
overall business continuity planning, APICORP has established crisis management communication 
guidelines to ensure that all appropriate initial steps are taken in relation to both internal and external 
stakeholders, such as customers, employees, regulators and counterparties, in the event of a crisis. In 
addition, an incident management system has been developed to report, assess and control operational risks 
across the Group.

--- Page 139 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 127 - 
75-40744906 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The table below shows the Group's cash and cash equivalents, financial debt and capitalisation as at 31 
December 2020. This table should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Cash and bank balances ..................................................................................................... 
57.6 
Bank term financing (excluding current portion of debt)(1) ................................................ 
951.1 
Sukuk and Bonds issued (excluding current portion of debt)(2) ......................................... 
3,206.9 
Total financial debt (excluding current debt)................................................................ 
4,158.0 
Total equity ....................................................................................................................... 
2,441.4 
Total capitalisation .......................................................................................................... 
6,599.4 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Current portion of bank term financing was U.S.$220.8 million as at 31 December 2020. 
(2) Current portion of sukuk and bonds issued was U.S.$395.1 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Except as described in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material change in the Group's capitalisation 
since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 140 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 128 - 
75-40744906 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP". 
See also "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the sources of the numbers 
contained in this section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of financial position data as at 31 December in 
each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(U.S.$ million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and bank balances ............................................................... 
57.6 
48.6 
152.0 
Placements with banks ................................................................ 
374.7 
606.9 
683.9 
Securities purchased under agreements to resell.......................... 
— 
— 
99.4 
Loans and advances ..................................................................... 
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
Investment classified as held for sale .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
Investments ................................................................................. 
3,220.7 
2,729.3 
2,445.2 
Equity accounted investees ......................................................... 
114.2 
91.9 
27.8 
Property, equipment and vessels ................................................. 
100.4 
103.1 
102.2 
Other assets ................................................................................. 
110.9 
72.0 
53.8 
Total assets ................................................................................. 
7,892.8 
7,349.4 
6,952.7 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Deposits ...................................................................................... 
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .......................... 
352.1 
145.7 
150.8 
Bank term financing .................................................................... 
1,171.9 
1,324.9 
1,446.9 
Sukuk and Bonds issued .............................................................. 
3,602.1 
2,927.5 
2,323.4 
Other liabilities ............................................................................ 
187.4 
116.1 
91.5 
Total liabilities ........................................................................... 
5,451.4 
4,998.7 
4,684.8 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................ 
1,500.0 
1,000.0 
1,000.0 
Legal reserve ............................................................................... 
247.0 
235.0 
223.0 
General reserve ........................................................................... 
81.6 
464.0 
331.1 
Investments fair value reserve ..................................................... 
483.2 
531.8 
546.7 
Retained earnings ........................................................................ 
126.7 
117.6 
165.1 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the corporation . 
2,438.5 
2,348.4 
2,265.9 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................. 
2.9 
2.4 
2.1 
Total equity ................................................................................ 
2,441.4 
2,350.8 
2,268.0 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................................ 
7,892.8 
7,349.4 
6,952.7 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of income data for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(U.S.$ million) 
Interest income ......................................................................................  
197.7 
279.7 
245.6 
Interest expense .....................................................................................  
(114.6) 
(171.2) 
(134.6) 
Net interest income ..............................................................................  
197.7 
108.5 
108.5 
Dividend income ...................................................................................  
47.0 
67.7 
56.4 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale ..............................................  
— 
— 
86.7 
Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL ...................................................  
(23.1) 
(29.1) 
(9.0) 
Net gain/(loss) on derecognition of financial assets at FVOCI ..............  
45.7 
(0.3) 
— 
Share of profit from associates ..............................................................  
1.7 
0.9 
0.3 
Net fee income ......................................................................................  
3.5 
2.0 
0.3 
Other income, net ..................................................................................  
19.1 
14.1 
7.1 
Total income ........................................................................................  
177.0 
163.8 
252.7 
Operating expenses ...............................................................................  
(47.7) 
(47.9) 
(44.7) 
Impairment (loss)/reversal on financial instruments, net 
(14.3) 
1.8 
(20.7) 
Impairment losses on other assets, net ...................................................  
— 
(5.7) 
(5.0) 
Profit for the year ................................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
Profit for the year attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
114.5 
111.6 
182.8 
Non-controlling interests .......................................................................  
0.5 
0.3 
(0.5)

--- Page 141 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 129 - 
75-40744906 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the year ................................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of comprehensive income data 
for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the year  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) ....................................................... 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of profit or loss 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of equities at FVOCI........................................... 
1.9 
(37.3) 
(8.0) 
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to the statement of 
profit or loss 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI ................................ 
19.3 
38.7 
(13.8) 
Reclassified to the statement of profit or loss on sale of debt securities at 
FVOCI ................................................................................................... 
(45.7) 
0.3 
(0.1) 
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year .......................... 
(24.4) 
1.8 
(22.0) 
Total comprehensive income for the year .............................................. 
90.6 
113.7 
160.3 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS DATA 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of cash flows data for each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019(1) 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities .............................  
258.4 
212.9 
(672.5) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities ..............................  
(457.3) 
(322.9) 
213.7 
Net cash from financing activities ............................................  
215.0 
129.5 
436.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ....................................  
171.5 
152.0 
174.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December ..............................  
187.6 
171.5 
152.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) In 2020, the Group changed the presentation of its consolidated statement of cash flows by removing net interest 
income and showing only interest income received and by including cash equivalents in the statement. The numbers 
for 2018 have been adjusted to show a consistent presentation. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS (APMs) 
The table below shows certain financial ratios for APICORP for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. Each of 
these ratios is an APM, see "Presentation of Group financial information—Certain non-IFRS financial 
information". 
 
As at/year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Return on assets(1) ........................................................................ 
1.46 
1.52 
2.62 
Return on equity(2) ....................................................................... 
4.72 
4.76 
8.04 
Return on paid up capital(3) .......................................................... 
7.67 
11.19 
18.23 
Total capital adequacy ratio(4) ...................................................... 
31.21 
29.55 
28.53 
Tier 1 capital ratio(4) .................................................................... 
30.21 
29.04 
28.34 
Total shareholders' funds/total assets(5) ........................................ 
30.89 
31.95 
32.59 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Profit for the year divided by total assets at the end of the year. 
(2) Profit for the year divided by total equity and non-controlling interests at the end of the year. 
(3) Profit for the year divided by share capital at the end of the year. 
(4) Calculated in accordance with Basel II requirements. 
(5) Total equity attributable to shareholders divided by total assets.

--- Page 142 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 130 - 
75-40744906 
 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF APICORP 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
"Presentation of Group financial information", "Capitalisation", "Selected financial information" and the 
Financial Statements. 
The discussion of the Group's financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Financial 
Statements which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. This discussion contains forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Group's actual results could differ materially from 
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those 
discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly under the headings "Cautionary 
statement regarding forward-looking statements" and "Risk factors". 
See "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the source of the numbers presented 
in this section. 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank focused on the energy industry. Its purposes, as set out in the 
Establishing Agreement, are: 
• 
participating in financing energy projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are derived 
from, ancillary to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; and 
• 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their 
ability to utilise their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic 
and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve its purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated 
loans or making direct loans and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing 
activities, provides project-related financial advisory services and publishes research relating to strategic 
and relevant issues in the energy industry. 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances which principally generate interest income, its direct 
and indirect equity investments which principally generate dividend income and its treasury investment 
portfolio which generates interest income and is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to 
the Group's two other more cyclical business lines of lending to, and making equity investments in, projects 
in the oil and gas and energy industries. 
In 2020, the Group had interest income of U.S.$197.7 million and received U.S.$47.0 million in dividend 
income. The Group's profit for 2020 was U.S.$115.1 million. 
PRINCIPAL FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the 
Group's results of operations. 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale 
In November 2017, the Group entered into an agreement for the sale of NPS, which was subject to certain 
regulatory and other approvals being obtained. As a result, the Group's investment in NPS was recorded as 
an asset held for sale as at 31 December 2017. The sale of NPS was completed in June 2018 and resulted 
in a non-recurring gain of U.S.$86.7 million. 
The table below shows the Group's net profit for the year and its profit for the year adjusted to exclude the 
above-described non-recurring gain in 2018, for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. Adjusted profit for the year 
is an APM and its calculation is shown in the table below. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the year ...........................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale .......................................  
— 
— 
86.7

--- Page 143 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 131 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Adjusted profit for the year (APM) ............................................  
115.1 
111.9 
95.6 
 
Changes in international oil prices 
Reflecting APICORP's mandate, the majority of the Group's direct and syndicated lending is to borrowers 
in the oil and gas and energy industries (including maritime transport of related products). In addition, a 
significant proportion of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are in the oil and gas and energy 
sectors and the Group also owns debt securities issued by entities in the oil and gas sector. 
The oil and gas industry has been and is expected to continue to be cyclical with levels of investment and 
profitability in that sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which 
have fluctuated significantly over the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future. 
According to data produced by OPEC, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2020, 2019 and 
2018 were U.S.$41.47 per barrel, U.S.$64.04 per barrel and U.S.$69.78 per barrel, respectively. 
Reflecting the above trend in oil prices from 2018 to 2020, the Group has experienced: 
• 
a significant reduction in its net interest income in 2020 compared to 2019 and a small reduction 
in 2029 compared to 2018, see "—Factors affecting net interest income" below; 
• 
an increase in its dividend income in 2019 compared to 2018 and a fall in dividend income in 2020 
compared to 2019, see "—Factors affecting dividend income" below; 
• 
limited increased demand for syndicated and direct lending, illustrated by a 5.2 per cent. increase 
in loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2019 compared to 31 December 2018 and 
by a 5.9 per cent. increase in loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2020 compared 
to 31 December 2019; and 
• 
a small impairment reversal on financial instruments, net in 2019 compared to impairment losses 
on financial instruments, net in each of 2020 and 2018, see "—Results of operations—Impairment, 
net" below. 
Factors affecting net interest income 
The Group's net interest income represents the difference between its interest income and its interest 
expense. The Group derives interest income principally from its loans and advances made, its treasury 
investment portfolio, its placements with banks and the amortisation of loan participation and up-front fees. 
The Group incurs interest expense principally on its bank financing, its sukuk and bonds issued, the deposits 
it takes from banks, corporates and shareholders and its securities sold under agreement to repurchase. 
During the three year period under review, the Group's interest earning assets and its interest bearing 
liabilities have been increasing. 
The Group's interest income is principally affected by the volume of its interest earning assets and the rates 
of interest that it charges on those assets whilst its interest expense is principally affected by the volume of 
its interest bearing liabilities and the rates of interest that it is charged on those liabilities. 
The Group's weighted average effective interest rates for both its interest-bearing financial assets and its 
interest-bearing financial liabilities increased in 2018 and fell in 2019 as illustrated in the table below. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Interest-bearing financial assets 
 
 
 
Fixed rate debt securities ................................................................  
2.93 
3.91 
4.67 
Floating rate debt securities ............................................................  
1.72 
3.29 
3.63 
Placements with banks ...................................................................  
0.60 
2.48 
3.13 
Loans and advances ........................................................................  
2.38 
4.08 
4.75 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
 
 
 
Bank term financing .......................................................................  
1.63 
3.06 
3.42

--- Page 144 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 132 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Sukuk and bonds issued .................................................................  
1.33 
4.17 
4.88 
Deposits from banks .......................................................................  
— 
3.06 
3.18 
Deposits from corporates................................................................  
0.92 
2.52 
2.98 
Deposits from Shareholders ...........................................................  
0.90 
2.26 
3.27 
Borrowings under repurchase agreements ......................................  
0.75 
2.93 
3.83 
 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's net interest income, see "—Results of 
operations—Net interest income" below. 
Factors affecting dividend income 
The Group derives dividend income from its direct and indirect equity investments at FVOCI. In 2020, the 
Group's dividend income amounted to U.S.$47.0 million compared to U.S.$67.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$56.4 million in 2018. 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's dividend income, see "—Results of 
operations—Net other income—Dividend income" below. 
Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL 
The Group's financial assets at FVTPL comprise a loan to Egyptian Methanex Methanol Company, a direct 
equity investee, and its investments in the IFC Fund and the APICORP Managed Account Investment 
Vehicle, which are described under "Description of the Group—Business—Investments". These assets are 
measured at fair value on each reporting date with any change in fair value being recorded in the income 
statement under this line item. Almost all of these assets are classified as level 3, which means that their 
fair values are not determined by reference to quoted prices or other observable inputs. The fair value of 
these investments has fluctuated in the periods under review, see "—Results of operations— Net other 
income—Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL" below. 
Impairment losses 
The Group's net impairment losses have also fluctuated in the periods under review, principally as a result 
of impairment charges against loans and advances and property, equipment and vessels in 2018 and COVID 
19-related impairment losses on its loans and advances in 2020. In 2019, the Group's impairment charges 
were largely offset by significant recoveries, see "—Results of operations—Impairment, net" below. 
Impact of COVID 19/oil price decline 
The Group was adversely impacted by the economic effects of the COVID 19 pandemic and the significant 
fall in oil prices in 2020. In particular, it experienced: 
• 
a reduction of U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in dividend income from its equity investments 
portfolio; 
• 
a negative change of U.S.$23.1 million in the fair valuation of its managed funds and unlisted 
equities held at FVTPL; 
• 
a reduction of U.S.$25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in net interest income driven by lower interest 
rates; and 
• 
a U.S.$19.0 million impairment loss related to its loans and advances. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Current exits 
The Group is in the final stages of exiting from two direct equity investments, for which a share sale 
agreement was executed in early 2021. See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Exit 
strategy". 
Publication of interim results

--- Page 145 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 133 - 
75-40744906 
 
On 2 August 2021, the Group published its unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
The Group's net interest income was U.S.$32.4 million in the six months ended 30 June 2021 compared to 
U.S.$46.0 million in the corresponding period in 2020. The decrease of U.S.$13.6 million, or 29.5 per cent., 
in the 2021 period compared to the 2020 period principally reflected a U.S.$31.5 million, or 28.5 per cent., 
decrease in interest income which was offset by a U.S.$17.9 million, or 27.8 per cent., decrease in interest 
expense.  The decrease in interest income was driven by lower average three-month LIBOR of 18 basis 
points for the six months ended 30 June 2021 compared to 108 basis points for the corresponding period in 
2020. The decrease in interest expense was driven by lower average three-month LIBOR, a lower margin 
over LIBOR and lower funding volume, in each case in the six months ended 30 June 2021compared to the 
corresponding period in 2020. 
The Group's net other income, which comprises dividend income, net loss or gain on financial assets at 
FVTPL, net loss or gain on derecognition of financial assets at FVOCI, net fee income, other income and 
share of profit or loss from associate, amounted to U.S.$19.1 million in the six months ended 30 June 2021 
compared to U.S.$36.9 million in the corresponding period in 2020, a decrease of U.S.$17.8 million, or 
48.1 per cent. The principal movements were: 
• 
a negative movement of U.S.$40.0 million in net loss or gain on derecognition of financial assets 
at FVOCI from a gain of U.S.$26.4 million in the six months ended 30 June 2020 to a loss of 
U.S.$13.7 million in the six months ended 30 June 2021, which was principally due to market 
changes in the debt securities portfolio and costs associated with hedging activities; and 
• 
a negative movement of U.S.$23.9 million in other income of U.S.$15.1 million in the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 to other loss of U.S.$8.8 million in the six months ended 30 June 2021, which 
was principally due to costs associated with an ineffective portion of hedge during the 2021 period. 
These negative movements were offset by: 
• 
a positive movement of U.S.$37.0 million in net gain or loss on financial assets at FVTPL from a 
loss of U.S.$26.8 million in the six months ended 30 June 2020 to a gain of U.S.$10.2 million in 
the six months ended 30 June 2021, which was principally due to appreciation of the equity 
investment holding during the 2021 period; and 
• 
a U.S.$7.1 million, or 33.6 per cent., increase in dividend income from U.S.$21.1 million in the 
six months ended 30 June 2020 to U.S.$28.2 million in in the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
The Group's operating expenses in the six months ended 30 June 2021 amounted to U.S.$24.9 million 
compared to U.S.$23.5 million in the corresponding period of 2020. The U.S.$1.4 million, or 5.8 per cent., 
increase principally reflected additional staff costs in the 2021 period due to recruitment. 
The Group's total net impairment release in the six months ended 30 June 2021 was U.S.$4.5 million 
compared to impairment charges of U.S.$4.5 million in the corresponding period of 2020. The impairment 
release in the 2021 period principally reflected release of guarantees and payments received from a 
previously classified non-performing loan.  The impairment charge in the 2020 period principally reflected 
the impairment of two non-performing loans.   
Reflecting the above factors, the Group reported net profit for the six month period ended 30 June 2020 of 
U.S.$31.1 million compared to U.S.$54.8 million for the six month period ended 30 June 2020. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. For a discussion of the accounting 
policies applied by the Group generally, see notes 3A to M in the 2019 Financial Statements. 
The Group implemented IFRS 16 "Leases" from its effective date of 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 replaces 
existing leases guidance. IFRS 16 introduces a single on-balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees, 
with optional exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low value items. On transition to IFRS 16, the 
Group recognised right-of-use assets and a corresponding lease liability of U.S.$1.7 million.

--- Page 146 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 134 - 
75-40744906 
 
CRITICAL 
ACCOUNTING 
JUDGMENTS 
AND 
KEY 
SOURCES 
OF 
ESTIMATION 
UNCERTAINTY 
In preparing the Group's financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group's assets and liabilities, including 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported 
amounts of the Group's revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Management bases its estimates 
and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the 
estimates and assumptions are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. 
However, future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of 
appropriate estimates and assumptions requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any 
estimates or assumptions made and such differences may be material to the Group's financial statements. 
The Group's most significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the preparation of 
the Group's financial statements are identified in note 3M to the 2020 Financial Statements. This note 
identifies three critical judgments involved in the application of the Group's accounting policies and two key 
estimates that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the Group's 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year, as follows: 
Critical judgments 
Classification of financial assets 
The critical judgments under this heading are (i) the assessment of the business model within which 
financial assets are held and (ii) the assessment of whether the contractual terms of the financial assets are 
solely payments of principal or interest on the principal amount outstanding. These matters are further 
discussed in note 3H(i) to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Significant increase of credit risk 
The critical judgments under this heading are (i) establishing the criteria for determining whether credit risk 
on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, (ii) determining the methodology 
for incorporating forward-looking information into the measurement of ECL and (iii) the selection and 
approvals of models used to measure ECL. These matters are further discussed in notes 3H(viii) and 26(a) 
to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
COVID 19 impact 
The Group considered the impact of COVID 19 and related market volatility in preparing the 2020 Financial 
Statements. While the methodologies and assumptions applied in the measurement of various items within 
the financial statements remain unchanged from those applied in the 2019 Financial Statements, the impact 
of COVID 19 resulted in the application of further judgement and the incorporation of estimates and 
assumptions specific to the impact of COVID 19. Principally this resulted in updates to the Group's 
economic assumptions used in determining expected credit losses ("ECL") and the impairment assessment 
for other non-financial assets. See further note 3N(i) to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Assumptions and estimation of uncertainties 
Impairment of financial instruments 
The key assumptions under this heading are the determination of inputs into the ECL measurement model, 
including the key assumptions used in estimating recoverable cash flows and the incorporation of forward-
looking information. These matters are further discussed in note 26 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Measurement of fair value of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (level 3). 
The assumptions used in this context are set out in note 28 to the 2020 Financial Statements.

--- Page 147 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 135 - 
75-40744906 
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Net interest income 
The Group's interest income was U.S.$197.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$108.5 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$111.0 million in 2018. The decrease of U.S.$25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 
and the decrease of U.S.$2.6 million, or 2.3 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 each reflected the changes 
in interest income and interest expense described below. 
The table below shows the Group's interest income and its interest expense for each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Interest income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank balances ..............  
0.3 
0.2 
0.3 
0.1 
0.4 
0.2 
Placements with banks ...............  
10.6 
5.3 
26.4 
9.4 
23.3 
9.5 
Debt securities at FVOCI (net) ...  
47.7 
24.1 
45.7 
16.3 
40.7 
16.6 
Loans and advances ....................  
118.3 
59.8 
183.6 
65.7 
165.1 
67.2 
Amortisation of loan 
participation and upfront fees .  
20.9 
10.6 
23.7 
8.5 
16.1 
6.6 
Total interest income ................  
197.7 
100.0 
279.7 
100.0 
245.6 
100.0 
Interest expense 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits .....................................  
(8.8) 
7.6 
(24.2) 
14.1 
(27.0) 
20.1 
Securities sold under agreement 
to repurchase ...........................  
(2.7) 
2.4 
(5.9) 
3.4 
(4.9) 
3.6 
Others .........................................  
(4.2) 
3.7 
(0.2) 
0.1 
(0.4) 
0.3 
Bank term financing ...................  
(23.7) 
20.7 
(42.6) 
24.9 
(38.5) 
28.6 
Sukuk and bonds issued .............  
(71.5) 
62.3 
(92.9) 
54.3 
(58.8) 
43.7 
Amortisation of front-end fees 
on bank term financing, sukuk 
and bonds issued .....................  
(3.8) 
3.3 
(5.5) 
3.2 
(5.1) 
3.8 
Total interest expense ...............  
(114.6) 
100.0 
(171.2) 
100.0 
(134.6) 
100.0 
Net interest income ...................  
197.7 
 
108.5 
 
111.0 
 
 
The Group's total interest income was U.S.$197.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$279.7 million in 2019 
and U.S.$245.6 million in 2018. 
The decrease of U.S.$82.0 million, or 29.3 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected a 
decrease of U.S.$65.3 million, or 35.6 per cent., in interest income from loans and advances which resulted 
mainly from lower interest rates. In addition, interest income from placements with banks decreased by 
U.S.$15.9 million, or 60.0 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of lower interest 
rates. 
The increase of U.S.$34.1 million, or 13.9 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected an 
increase of U.S.$18.5 million, or 11.2 per cent., in interest income from loans and advances which resulted 
mainly from both increased margins and increased average volumes of lending. In addition, interest income 
from the amortisation of loan participation and up-front fees increased by U.S.$7.6 million, or 47.1 per 
cent., in 2019, principally as a result of new loans and income from investments at FVOCI (debt) increased 
by U.S.$5.0 million, or 12.2 per cent., and interest income from placements with banks increased by 
U.S.$3.2 million, or 13.6 per cent., in both cases reflecting increased average volumes offset by lower 
average rates. 
The Group's total interest expense was U.S.$114.6 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$171.2 million in 2019 
and U.S.$134.6 million in 2018. 
The decrease of U.S.$56.6 million, or 33.1 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected 
decreases of: 
U.S.$21.5 million, or 23.1 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued, which principally 
reflected lower interest rates in 2020; 
U.S.$18.9 million, or 44.4 per cent., in interest expense on bank term financing, which principally reflected 
lower interest rates in 2020; and

--- Page 148 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 136 - 
75-40744906 
 
U.S.$15.4 million, or 63.8 per cent., in interest expense on deposits, which principally reflected lower 
interest rates in 2020 and lower daily average short-term deposits as APICORP relied more on medium 
term-funding. 
The increase of U.S.$36.7 million, or 27.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected an 
increases of U.S.$34.2 million, or 58.2 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued. This 
increase principally reflected higher average volumes as a result of additional sukuk issued in 2019 as well 
as the full year effect of bonds and sukuk issued in 2018 and was partially offset by lower average rates in 
2019 compared to 2018. 
Other income, net 
The Group's net other income was U.S.$93.9 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$55.3 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$141.7 million in 2018. In 2018, the Group recognised a U.S.$86.7 million gain on the sale of NPS 
Holding Company. No similar gains were recorded in 2020 or 2019. Excluding this gain, the Group's net 
other income would have been U.S.$55.3 million in 2018. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Group's other income, net for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Dividend income ..................... 
47.0 
49.5 
67.7 
122.4 
56.4 
39.8 
Gain on sale of investment held 
for sale ................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
86.7 
61.2 
Net loss on financial assets held 
at FVTPL ............................. 
(23.1) 
(24.3) 
(29.1) 
(52.6) 
(9.0) 
(6.3) 
Net gain/(loss) on derecognition 
of financial assets at FVOCI  
45.7 
48.6 
(0.3) 
(0.6) 
— 
— 
Share of profit from 
associates ................................ 
1.7 
1.8 
0.9 
1.6 
0.3 
0.2 
Net fee income ........................ 
3.5 
3.8 
2.0 
3.6 
0.3 
0.2 
Other income, net of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bareboat charter income ......... 
17.1 
18.0 
10.7 
19.3 
5.0 
3.5 
Other ....................................... 
2.0 
2.1 
3.2 
6.3 
2.0 
1.4 
Total ....................................... 
93.9 
100.0 
55.3 
100.0 
141.7 
100.0 
 
Dividend income 
The Group's dividend income was U.S.$47.0 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$67.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$56.4 million in 2018. The decrease of U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflected lower dividends from Ibn Zahr, a direct equity investment in the chemicals sector. The 
increase of U.S.$11.2 million, or 19.9 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected higher 
dividends from Ibn Zahr, a direct equity investment in the chemicals sector, following a deleveraging process 
carried out by Ibn Zahr. 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets at FVTPL 
In 2020, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$23.1 million on its FVTPL investments, 
which principally related to the managed account investment vehicle and equity investments managed 
externally. 
In 2019, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$0.9 million on its loan designated at 
FVTPL and a net unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$28.2 million on FVTPL investments, which principally 
related to the managed account investment vehicle and was slightly offset by small gains on the IFC fund 
and equities managed externally. 
In 2018, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$2.3 million on its unimpaired loan 
designated at FVTPL and an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$11.3 million on FVTPL investments, which 
principally related to the managed account investment vehicle and equities managed externally and was 
slightly offset by a small gain on the IFC fund.

--- Page 149 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 137 - 
75-40744906 
 
Net gain/(loss) on derecognition of financial assets at FVOCI 
In 2020, the Group recognised a U.S.$45.7 million gain on the derecognition of debt securities held at fair 
value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI"). In 2019, the Group recognised a U.S.$0.3 million 
loss on the derecognition of FVOCI financial assets. 
Income from vessels 
The Group's income from vessels was U.S.$17.1 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$10.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$5.0 million in 2018. The U.S.$6.5 million, or 60.6 per cent., increase in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflected improved daily time charter rates for the Group's five vessels. The U.S.$5.7 million, 
or 114.2 per cent., increase in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected the significantly improving daily 
time charter equivalent of the Group's five vessels based on the employment arrangements of the vessels. 
Share of profit from associates 
The Group's share of profit from its associates was U.S.$1.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$893 
thousand in 2019 and U.S.$319 thousand in 2018. 
In 2020, the Group had five associates, Falcon Cement, Ashtead Technology (which was held as an equity 
investment at FVOCI in 2018), Al Khorayef, GC-16 JV and Intra Taf Holding. In 2019, the Group had four 
associates, Falcon Cement, Ashtead Technology, Al Khorayef and GC-16 JV. In 2018, the Group had a 
single associate, Falcon Cement. In 2020, the Group acquired 40 per cent. of the shares in Intra Taf Holding 
and that company was equity accounted as an associate from its acquisition. During 2019, the Group 
acquired additional shares in Ashtead Technology (bringing its shareholding to 32.9 per cent.) and that 
company was equity accounted as an associate from September 2019. In addition, in September 2019, the 
Group acquired 24 per cent. of the shares in Al Khorayef and 24 per cent. of the shares in GC-16 JV, and 
both companies were equity accounted from their acquisition. 
The Group's share of the results of Falcon Cement amounted to a loss of U.S.$0.7 million in 2020 compared 
to a loss of U.S.$0.3 million in 2019 and a gain of U.S.$0.3 million in 2018. The Group's share of the results 
of Ashtead Technology was a loss of U.S.$2.9 million in 2020 compared to a gain of U.S.$1.2 million in 
2019. The Group's other equity accounted associates did not generate significant profit or loss in 2020. 
Operating expenses 
The Group's operating expenses were U.S.$47.7 million in 2020, U.S.$47.9 million in 2019 and U.S.$44.7 
million in 2018. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Group's operating expenses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Employer's related costs(1) .................. 
24.8 
52.0 
21.6 
45.2 
23.4 
52.3 
Premises costs, including depreciation .  
13.5 
28.4 
14.0 
29.3 
11.5 
26.4 
Equipment and communications costs 
2.7 
5.6 
2.3 
4.9 
2.0 
4.6 
Key management and Board benefits, 
fees and charges .............................. 
3.7 
7.7 
4.3 
8.9 
4.7 
10.4 
Consultancy and legal fees ................. 
2.7 
5.7 
2.7 
5.6 
1.6 
3.7 
Others ...................................................  
0.3 
0.6 
2.9 
6.1 
1.5 
3.3 
Total ....................................................  
47.7 
100.0 
47.9 
100.0 
44.7 
100.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Comprises staff cost and end of services benefits. 
The Group's operating expenses decreased by U.S.$0.3 million, or 0.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019. 
This principally reflected a decrease of U.S.$2.7 million, or 90.7 per cent., in others, which principally 
related to an incentive bonus paid in 2019 on a profitable exit from one of the Group's investee companies, 
and a U.S.$0.6 million, or 13.8 per cent., decrease in key management and Board benefits as a result of 
lower fees received from subsidiaries for management services. These decreases were principally offset by 
an increase of U.S.$3.1 million, or 14.5 per cent., in employer's related costs due to incremental increases 
and new employees hired.

--- Page 150 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 138 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Group's operating expenses increased by U.S.$3.2 million, or 7.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. 
This principally reflected a U.S.$2.5 million, or 22.1 per cent., increase in premises costs, including 
depreciation which was due mainly to the increase in business mission cost, IT services and maintenance. 
Impairment losses on financial instruments, net 
The Group's total net impairment charges were U.S.$14.3 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$3.9 million in 
2019 and U.S.$25.7 million in 2018. 
The table below shows the composition of the Group's net impairment charges in each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Charge for the year 
 
 
 
Placements .....................................................................................  
(0.1) 
— 
0.0 
Loans and advances ........................................................................  
(19.0) 
— 
(22.9) 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees ..................................  
— 
(6.4) 
— 
 
(19.1) 
(6.4) 
(22.9) 
Reversal for the year 
 
 
 
Placements .....................................................................................  
— 
0.0 
— 
Debt securities at FVOCI ...............................................................  
0.5 
4.0 
1.9 
Loans and advances ........................................................................  
2.2 
4.2 
— 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees ..................................  
2.1 
— 
0.4 
 
4.8 
8.2 
2.3 
 
(14.3) 
1.8 
(20.6) 
 
In 2020, the Group's U.S.$19.1 million impairment loss on financial instruments, net almost entirely related 
to its loans and advances and reflected its ECL for the year. These charges were offset by (i) a reversal of 
U.S.$2.2 million in respect of loans and advances as a result of repayment of non-performing loans and 
revaluation of a subordinated loan and (ii) a reversal of U.S.$2.1 million in respect of loan commitments 
and financial guarantees reflecting improved ratings of exposure countries. 
In 2019, the Group's U.S.$6.4 million impairment loss on financial instruments, net related to its loan 
commitments and financial guarantees and reflected the ECL for the period. These charges were offset by 
(i) a recovery of U.S.$4.0 million in respect of investment securities at FVOCI (debt) reflecting payments 
at maturity and sales of securities and (ii) a recovery of U.S.$4.2 million in respect of loans and advances 
reflecting improvements in ratings of exposure countries. 
In 2018, the Group's U.S.$22.9 million impairment loss in relation to its loans and advances reflected a 
U.S.$23.4 million charge for stage 2 exposures primarily relating to first year implementation of IFRS 9 
which was partially offset by a U.S.$0.5 million recovery for stage 1 exposures. These charges were offset 
to an extent by (i) a recovery of U.S.$1.9 million in respect of investment securities at FVOCI (debt) 
reflecting payments at maturity and (ii) a recovery of U.S.$0.6 million in respect of stage 1 loan 
commitments and financial guarantees which was partially offset by an impairment charge of U.S.$0.2 
million in respect of stage 2 loan commitments and financial guarantees. 
Impairment losses on other assets, net 
In 2020, the Group recorded no impairment losses on other assets. 
In 2019, the Group recorded a U.S.$10.4 million impairment loss on its equity accounted investees which 
related to Falcon Cement and reflected a decline in demand for cement. This impairment loss was offset by 
a recovery of U.S.$4.7 million in respect of property, equipment and vessels due to an improvement in 
charter rates. 
In 2018, the Group recorded a U.S.$5 million impairment charge in respect of vessels, reflecting low charter 
rates. 
Profit for the year 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group recorded profit for the year of U.S.$115.1 million in 2020 compared 
to U.S.$111.9 million in 2019 and U.S.$182.3million in 2018, an increase of U.S.$3.2 million, or 2.8 per 
cent., in 2020 and a decrease of U.S.$70.4 million, or 38.6 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.

--- Page 151 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 139 - 
75-40744906 
 
Excluding the non-recurring gain in 2018, the Group's adjusted profit for the year in 2018 would have been 
U.S.$95,603 million, see "Principal factors affecting results of operations—Gain on sale of investments 
held for sale". 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
The Group's other comprehensive loss for the year was U.S.$24.4 million in 2020 compared to other 
comprehensive income of U.S.$1.8 million in 2019 and other comprehensive loss of U.S.$22.0 million in 
2018. These movements principally reflected changes in fair value of certain of the Group's equity and debt 
investments and, in 2020, a fair value loss reclassified to profit and loss on the sale of certain FVOCI debt 
securities. 
In 2020, the Group recognised other comprehensive income of U.S.$1.9 million and U.S.$19.3 million, 
respectively, on fair value changes of its equity investments held at FVOCI and its debt securities held at 
FVOCI. In addition, in 2020 the Group recognised a comprehensive loss of U.S.$45.7 million on the 
reclassification to profit and loss following the sale of certain FVOCI debt securities. In 2019 and 2018, the 
Group recognised other comprehensive losses of U.S.$37.3 million and U.S.$8.0 million, respectively on fair 
value changes of its equity investments held at FVOCI, which is principally attributable to movements in 
the fair value of its investments in listed and unlisted equities. In addition, the Group recognised 
comprehensive income of U.S.$38.7 million and a comprehensive loss of U.S.$13.8 million, respectively, 
on fair value changes in its debt securities held at FVTOCI. 
Total comprehensive income 
Reflecting the Group's profit for the year and its other comprehensive loss or income in each year, the 
Group's total comprehensive income was U.S.$90.6 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$113.7 million in 
2019 and U.S.$160.3 million in 2018. 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING 
Overview 
The Group principally uses cash to advance loans and make direct and indirect equity investments and 
treasury investments. The Group also uses cash to pay interest on and repay its financing and to pay 
dividends to its shareholders. The Group's principal source of cash is its cash flow from operating activities, 
although it also raises funding through bank term loans and the issue of bonds and sukuk, accepts deposits 
from banks, corporates and shareholders and generates cash through the sale of investments. In addition, 
although the Group does not benefit from shareholder guarantees, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 billion in callable 
capital, which is a joint and several obligation of each shareholder to provide additional capital if required 
in certain cases and subject to the approval of its shareholders. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme—APICORP is a 
multilateral development bank without guarantee-related support from its shareholders". 
Cash flow 
The table below summarises the Group's cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and 
financing activities for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018(1) 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash from (used in) operating activities ................................ 
258.4 
212.9 
(672.5) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities ................................. 
(457.3) 
(322.9) 
213.7 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ................................ 
215.0 
129.5 
436.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ....................................... 
171.5 
152.0 
174.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December ................................. 
187.6 
171.5 
152.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) In 2020, the Group changed the presentation of its consolidated statement of cash flows by removing net interest 
income and showing only interest income received and by including cash equivalents in the statement. The numbers 
for 2018 have been adjusted to show a consistent presentation.

--- Page 152 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 140 - 
75-40744906 
 
Cash flow from operating activities 
The Group's net cash from operating activities for 2020 was U.S.$258.4 million compared to net cash flow 
from operating activities for 2019 of U.S.$212.9 million and net cash flow used in operating activities for 
2018 of U.S.$672.5 million. The Group's cash flow in each year before changes in operating assets and 
liabilities principally reflects its profit for the year adjusted to deduct non-cash net interest income and 
dividend income. In addition, in 2020 a non-cash gain on sale of investments was also deducted and in 2018 
the non-cash gain on the sale of NPS was also deducted. 
The significant variations in the Group's operating cash flow in each year principally reflect changes in 
loans and advances, in interest received and in placements with banks. In particular, in 2020 the Group's 
net inflows from placements with banks and interest received were U.S.$237.1 million and U.S.$215.9 
million, respectively, and its net outflow from the disbursement of loans was U.S.$244.3 million. In 2019 
the Group's net inflows from interest received and placements with banks were U.S.$277.8 million and 
U.S.$144.1 million, respectively, and its net outflow from the disbursement of loans was U.S.$177.9 
million. In 2018, the Group's net outflows from the disbursement of loans and from placements with banks 
were U.S.$544.3 million and U.S.$318.2 million, respectively. 
Cash flow from investing activities 
The Group's net cash used in investing activities in 2020 was U.S.$457.3 million compared to net cash used 
in investing activities of U.S.$322.9 million in 2019 and net cash from investing activities of U.S.$213.7 
million in 2018. 
In 2020, the principal investment flows were a net outflow of U.S.$494.3 million from the purchase and 
sale of investments which was offset by an inflow of U.S.$41.2 million from dividends received. In 2019, 
the principal investment flows were a net outflow of U.S.$387.2 million from the purchase and sale of 
investments which was offset by an inflow of U.S.$67.4 million from dividends received. In 2018, the 
principal investment flows were inflows of U.S.$197.3 million from the sale of NPS and U.S.$56.4 million 
from dividends received which were offset by a net outflow of U.S.$37.5 million from the purchase and sale 
of investments. 
Cash flow from financing activities 
The Group's net cash from financing activities in 2020 was U.S.$215.0 million compared to U.S.$129.5 
million in 2019 and U.S.$436.4 million in 2018. 
In 2020, the principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S.$632.1 million in proceeds from and repayments 
of bonds and sukuk issued which was offset by a net cash outflow of U.S.$137.9 million in deposits repaid 
by and placed with APICORP, a cash outflow of U.S.$150.0 million in term financing repaid and a cash 
outflow of U.S.$129.2 million in financing charges paid. 
In 2019, the principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S.$632.7 million in proceeds from and repayments 
of bonds and sukuk issued which was offset by net cash outflows of U.S.$192.3 million in deposits repaid 
by and placed with APICORP and U.S.$116.7 million in term financing repaid and received as well as by 
a cash outflow of U.S.$172.8 million in financing charges paid and U.S.$21.4 million in dividends paid to 
shareholders. 
In 2018, the principal financing cash inflows were U.S.$862.6 million in proceeds from bonds and sukuk 
issued and U.S.$375.0 million in term financing which were offset by net cash outflows of U.S.$675.9 
million in deposits repaid by and placed with APICORP as well as by outflows of U.S.$110.9 million in 
financing charges paid and U.S.$14.4 million in dividends paid to shareholders. 
Liquidity 
The Group's liquidity comprises its treasury investment portfolio, placements with banks and cash. The 
table below shows the Group's liquidity as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Treasury investment portfolio ..................................................... 
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
Placements with banks ................................................................ 
374.7 
606.9 
683.9

--- Page 153 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 141 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Cash and bank balances ............................................................... 
57.6 
48.6 
152.0 
Total liquidity ............................................................................ 
2,757.1 
2,435.7 
2,022.0 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 62.4 per cent. of the gross amount of the Group's bank placements were with 
institutions that were rated AAA to AA-, 29.5 per cent. were with institutions that were rated A+ to A- and 
8.0 per cent. were with institutions that were rated BBB to BBB-. The Group's treasury investment portfolio 
is described under "—Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Treasury investment 
portfolio" below. 
Funding 
The Group actively manages a net funding requirement of approximately between U.S.$4.5 billion to 
U.S.$5.0 billion a year. To this end, it maintains an active relationship with counterparties across the GCC, 
Europe, the United States, Asia and Africa, although it remains significantly reliant on the GCC for funding. 
The Group's funding strategy relies on a mixture of medium to longer-term borrowings and shorter-term 
deposits together with a small amount of funding raised from repo-transactions using securities in its 
investments portfolio. 
The table below shows the Group's sources of funding by amount and proportion of the total as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Borrowings .................................................................................. 
4,773.9 
4,252.4 
3,770.3 
Deposits ...................................................................................... 
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .......................... 
352.1 
145.7 
150.8 
Total funding ............................................................................. 
5,264.0 
4,882.5 
4,593.3 
 
(per cent.) 
Borrowings .................................................................................. 
90.7 
87.1 
82.1 
Deposits ...................................................................................... 
2.6 
9.9 
14.6 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .......................... 
6.7 
3.0 
3.3 
Total funding ............................................................................. 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
In 2020, APICORP raised total of U.S.$1,139.6 million, all of which was from two bond issuances. In 2020, 
APICORP repaid U.S.$650 million equivalent of sukuk and loan borrowings. 
In 2019, APICORP raised total of U.S.$1,575 million, of which U.S.$625 million was from two bond 
issuances and the balance was from borrowings. Of the loan borrowings, U.S.$800 million was 
denominated in Saudi riyals. In 2019, APICORP repaid U.S.$1,133 million equivalent of loan borrowings. 
In 2018, APICORP raised U.S.$1,225 million from a mix of bonds and loans. U.S.$375 million was raised 
in loans, U.S.750 million in an issue of bonds under the Programme and CNY 630 million in bonds issued 
in the offshore Renminbi market. 
These issuances have helped to significantly extend the maturity profile of APICORP's funding and also 
allowed it to reduce its reliance on wholesale deposits and eliminate previous short-term asset/liability 
mismatches. The extension of its maturity profile was a significant part of the rationale for APICORP's 
rating upgrade from Aa3 to Aa2 in October 2019. 
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had six fully drawn bank term loans outstanding. These term loans 
have margins between 0.55 per cent. and 0.80 per cent. over the Saudi riyal interbank offered rate or the 
London interbank offered rate, depending on the facility currency. The lenders under these facilities are 
regional and international banks.

--- Page 154 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 142 - 
75-40744906 
 
The table below provides details of each of the Group's outstanding bank term loans as at 31 December 
2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
U.S.$150 million loan 2018 – 2021 (fully drawn) .........................................................................................  
150.0 
U.S.$75 million loan 2018 – 2021 (fully drawn) ...........................................................................................  
75.0 
U.S.$50 million loan 2019 – 2022 (fully drawn) ...........................................................................................  
50.0 
SAR 1,500 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) ......................................................................................  
400.0 
SAR 1,500 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) ......................................................................................  
400.0 
U.S.$100 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) .........................................................................................  
100.0 
Interest payable .............................................................................................................................................  
2.0 
Unamortised front-end fees ...........................................................................................................................  
(5.1) 
Total bank term loans .................................................................................................................................  
1,171.9 
 
The Group's borrowings contain the following financial covenants: 
• 
the ratio of total shareholders' funds to total assets must at all times be 16.67 per cent. or higher; 
and 
• 
total shareholders' funds must at all times be higher than U.S.$800 million for the bank financing. 
The Group's total shareholders' funds amounted to U.S.$2.4 billion as at 31 December 2020 and the ratio 
of total shareholders' funds to total assets as at that date was 30.9 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group also had one series of sukuk and eight series of bonds outstanding. 
The table below provides details of each of the Group's outstanding series of sukuk and bonds as at 31 
December 2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Sukuk 
 
U.S.$500 million 3.141 per cent. sukuk due 2022 ......................................................................................... 
517.7 
Bonds 
 
U.S.$750 million 4.125 per cent. bonds due 2023 ......................................................................................... 
804.0 
U.S.$1,000 million 1.46 per cent. Bonds due 2025 ....................................................................................... 
1,002.2 
U.S.$300 million floating rate bonds due 2021 ............................................................................................. 
300.0 
U.S.$105 million floating rate bonds due 2022 ............................................................................................. 
105.0 
CNH630 million 4.7 per cent. bonds due 2021 .............................................................................................. 
96.6 
U.S.$300 million floating rate bonds due 2024 ............................................................................................. 
300.0 
U.S.$325 million floating rate bonds due 2024 ............................................................................................. 
325.0 
GBP100 million 0.71 per cent. Bonds due 2023 ............................................................................................ 
137.4 
Interest payable ............................................................................................................................................. 
17.2 
Unamortised front-end fee ............................................................................................................................. 
(3.0) 
Total sukuk and bonds ................................................................................................................................ 
3,602.1 
 
All of the Group's bonds and sukuk issued are listed. The Group has entered into interest rate swaps in 
relation to each series of fixed rate sukuk and bonds with a view to hedging its exposure to changes in fair 
value as a result of changes in market interest rates. 
Deposits 
The Group is one of only a few multilateral development banks which accepts wholesale deposits. The 
table below shows a breakdown of the Group's deposits by amount and proportion as at 31 December in 
each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Deposits from banks .................................................................... 
— 
242.2 
139.5 
Deposits from corporates............................................................. 
18.7 
122.5 
415.2 
Deposits from shareholders ......................................................... 
119.1 
117.5 
114.0

--- Page 155 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 143 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Interest payable ........................................................................... 
0.2 
2.4 
3.6 
Total ........................................................................................... 
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from banks .................................................................... 
— 
50.0 
20.7 
Deposits from corporates............................................................. 
13.5 
25.3 
61.8 
Deposits from shareholders ......................................................... 
86.4 
24.2 
17.0 
Interest payable ........................................................................... 
0.1 
0.5 
0.5 
Total ........................................................................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Most of the Group's deposits are contractually short-term in nature and comprise a mix of conventional and 
Islamic bank deposits, deposits from corporates and deposits from APICORP's shareholders. The 
significant fall in the Group's corporate deposits in 2019 and 2020 reflects its strategy of increasing its 
medium term funding with a view to eliminating previous short-term asset/liability mismatches. As at 31 
December 2020, these deposits together with the Group's repo transactions that constitute part of its funding 
totalled U.S.$490.0 million, of which 59.2 per cent. had maturities of up to three months and the remaining 
40.8 per cent. had maturities of more than three months but less than one year. 
The Group's deposit counterparty base includes a range of conventional and Islamic banks, companies, 
governments and government agencies. 
The Group accepts deposits in a range of currencies although, as at 31 December 2020, all of its deposits 
were denominated in U.S. dollars. 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's deposits as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from banks ..............................................................................  
— 
3.06 
3.18 
Deposits from corporates.......................................................................  
0.92 
2.52 
2.98 
Deposits from Shareholders ..................................................................  
0.90 
2.26 
3.27 
 
Maturity profile of the Group's funding 
Of the Group's U.S.$5,264.0 million funding outstanding as at 31 December 2020, 21.0 per cent. was 
scheduled to mature within 12 months. 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's funding (including short-term funding) as 
at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Repayable within 12 months .......................................................................................................  
1,106.0 
21.0 
Repayable between one and three years ......................................................................................  
655.0 
12.4 
Repayable between three and five years ......................................................................................  
3,503.0 
66.6 
Repayable after five years ...........................................................................................................  
— 
— 
Total funding .............................................................................................................................  
5,264.0 
100.0 
 
ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ITEMS 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances, its direct and indirect investments (principally in 
the form of equity securities held at FVOCI but also including its FVTPL fund investments and investments 
in three associates) and its treasury investment portfolio, each of which are discussed in more detail below. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's loans and advances and its equity investments aggregated 
U.S.$4,924.3 million, or 62.4 per cent. of its total assets. 
The Group's principal liabilities are its bank term financing and its bonds and sukuk issued, which are 
discussed under "—Liquidity and funding—Borrowings" above, and its deposits, which are discussed under

--- Page 156 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 144 - 
75-40744906 
 
"—Liquidity and funding—Deposits" above. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's bank term financing, its 
bonds and sukuk issued and its deposits aggregated U.S.$5,264.0 million, or 96.6 per cent. of its total 
liabilities. 
Loans and advances 
The Group provides syndicated and direct loans for projects developed by local, regional and international 
sponsors in the energy sector. 
Portfolio status and risk classification 
The table below shows the status of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Islamic loans at amortised cost ......................................................................................  
1,371.7 
1,364.0 
1,491.4 
Conventional loans 
 
 
 
- at amortised cost .........................................................................................................  
2,603.5 
2,366.8 
2,063.9 
- at FVTPL ....................................................................................................................  
47.4 
47.4 
48.3 
Interest receivable .........................................................................................................  
13.3 
26.2 
21.5 
 
4,035.8 
3,804.4 
3,625.1 
Unamortised participation and upfront fees ...................................................................  
(53.3) 
(55.2) 
(55.0) 
ECL impairment allowance ...........................................................................................  
(68.3) 
(51.5) 
(55.7) 
 
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 is set out under "Risk management—Credit risk management—Generating the term 
structure of PD". For information regarding the Group's internal rating classifications, see "Risk 
management—Credit risk management—Credit rating and measurement". 
Portfolio sector and sub-sector concentration 
The Group's loans and advances are concentrated within the energy sector by virtue of APICORP's founding 
mandate. However, the Group seeks to maintain a diversified profile of loans within those sectors. The 
table below shows the classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and 
advances outstanding by amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Energy ...........................................................................................................................  
1,570.3 
1,600.9 
1,405.6 
Materials .......................................................................................................................  
935.3 
958.0 
923.1 
Financials and sovereign ...............................................................................................  
38.9 
— 
50.0 
Utilities..........................................................................................................................  
1,072.6 
840.7 
776.8 
Industrials ......................................................................................................................  
297.1 
298.0 
359.0 
Total loans and advances ............................................................................................  
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The table below shows the classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and 
advances outstanding by proportion of the total as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Energy ...........................................................................................................................  
40.1 
43.3 
40.0 
Materials .......................................................................................................................  
23.9 
25.9 
26.3 
Financials and sovereign ...............................................................................................  
1.0 
 
1.4 
Utilities..........................................................................................................................  
27.4 
22.7 
22.1 
Industrials ......................................................................................................................  
7.6 
8.1 
10.2 
Total loans and advances ............................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0

--- Page 157 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 145 - 
75-40744906 
 
Portfolio geographical concentration 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by 
amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
SaudiArabia ...................................................................................................................  
1,218.3 
1,094.3 
989.5 
Qatar .............................................................................................................................  
536.6 
490.9 
436.6 
Other GCC States ..........................................................................................................  
1,419.5 
1,167.9 
1,154.8 
Egypt and North Africa .................................................................................................  
249.6 
328.9 
431.1 
Total Arab world ...........................................................................................................  
3,424.0 
3,082.1 
3,012.0 
Europe ...........................................................................................................................  
235.0 
347.3 
188.6 
Asia and Oceania...........................................................................................................  
130.4 
96.6 
175.1 
United States .................................................................................................................  
124.8 
171.8 
138.7 
Total loans and advances ............................................................................................  
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The Group's loans and advances are also concentrated within the Arab world, again reflecting APICORP's 
mandate and its shareholder base. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by 
proportion of the total as at 31 December in each of 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
SaudiArabia ...................................................................................................................  
31.1 
29.6 
28.2 
Qatar .............................................................................................................................  
13.7 
13.3 
12.4 
Other GCC States ..........................................................................................................  
36.3 
31.6 
32.9 
Egypt and North Africa .................................................................................................  
6.4 
8.9 
12.3 
Total Arab world ...........................................................................................................  
87.5 
83.4 
85.7 
Europe ...........................................................................................................................  
6.0 
9.4 
5.4 
Asia and Oceania...........................................................................................................  
3.3 
2.6 
5.0 
United States .................................................................................................................  
3.2 
4.6 
3.9 
Total loans and advances ............................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
The Group's loans and advances are principally denominated in U.S. dollars although it also has a small 
amount of loans and advances denominated in Saudi Arabian riyal. Almost all of the Group's loans and 
advances bear interest at floating rates of interest that reprice within one year or less. 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's loans and advances as 
at 31 December in each of 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Loans and advances .......................................................................................................  
2.38 
4.08 
4.75 
U.S. dollar denominated ................................................................................................  
2.36 
4.03 
4.76 
Non-U.S. dollar denominated ........................................................................................  
2.51 
4.14 
4.73 
 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the Group's loans and advances as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months to 
one year 
1 to 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Total 
Loans and advances (U.S.$ million) ...................  
125.3 
805.6 
2,043.2 
940.1 
3,914.2 
Loans and advances (per cent.) ................... 
3.2 
20.6 
52.2 
24.0 
100.0 
 
Direct and indirect equity investments 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments are described under "Description of the Group— 
Business—Investments".

--- Page 158 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 146 - 
75-40744906 
 
Treasury investment portfolio 
The Group, through its T&CM business line, manages a treasury investment portfolio with the aim of 
providing enhanced earnings not correlated to its other two main cyclical business lines, which are direct 
and syndicated lending to, and direct equity investments in, companies and other entities engaged in the oil 
and gas and energy industries. The treasury investment portfolio principally comprises fixed and floating 
rate bonds, which comprised 83.2 per cent. of the portfolio as at 31 December 2020. Treasury bills make up 
the balance of the portfolio. All of the securities in the Group's treasury investment portfolio were classified 
as debt securities at FVOCI as at 31 December 2020. 
Portfolio breakdown by security type 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount and proportion 
of the total as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Treasury bills..................................................................................................................  
374.9 
394.4 
225.0 
Fixed rate bonds .............................................................................................................  
1,867.5 
1,303.4 
989.4 
Floating rate bonds .........................................................................................................  
67.9 
69.5 
90.0 
Interest receivable ..........................................................................................................  
15.3 
14.1 
12.9 
ECL impairment allowance ............................................................................................  
(0.8) 
(1.3) 
(5.3) 
 
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
(per cent.) 
Treasury bills..................................................................................................................  
16.1 
22.2 
17.1 
Fixed rate bonds .............................................................................................................  
80.3 
73.2 
75.4 
Floating rate bonds .........................................................................................................  
2.9 
3.9 
6.9 
Interest receivable ..........................................................................................................  
0.7 
0.8 
1.0 
ECL impairment allowance ............................................................................................  
0.0 
(0.1) 
(0.4) 
 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
All of the Group's treasury investments are fair valued using quoted prices on active markets at the end of 
each reporting period. The Group uses a portion of the securities within the portfolio as collateral for repo- 
based financing transactions. As at 31 December 2020, securities with a fair value of U.S.$383.2 million 
had been pledged as collateral for these transactions, compared to U.S.$185.2 million as at 31 December 
2019 and U.S.$179.6 million as at 31 December 2018. 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the fixed income securities in the Group's treasury investment 
portfolio as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months 
to one 
year 
1 to 5 
years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
Treasury investment portfolio (U.S.$ million) .....  
271.4 
280.8 
807.4 
965.2 
2,324.8 
Treasury investment portfolio (per cent.).......... 
11.7 
12.1 
34.7 
41.5 
100.0 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's treasury investment portfolio had a weighted average credit rating of 
'AA'. 
The Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprises debt securities issued by financial 
institutions and governments and public sector bodies. The remaining securities are principally invested 
within the utilities and energy sectors. 
Ratings classification of treasury investment portfolio 
The table below shows the ratings classification by issuer type of the Group's treasury investment portfolio 
by amount as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA to AA- ....................................................................................... 
1,192.9 
— 
— 
1,192.9 
A+ to A- ............................................................................................. 
853.6 
66.9 
— 
920.4

--- Page 159 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 147 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
BBB to BBB- ..................................................................................... 
50.9 
5.2 
— 
56.0 
BB+ to B- ........................................................................................... 
48.4 
107.8 
— 
156.2 
Gross amount.................................................................................... 
2,145.8 
179.8 
— 
2,325.6 
ECL allowance ................................................................................... 
(0.4) 
(0.4) 
 
(0.8) 
 
2,145.4 
179.4 
— 
2,324.8 
 
Sectoral breakdown of treasury investment portfolio 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount as at 
31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Energy ........................................................................................................................  
209.0 
312.4 
317.8 
Materials ....................................................................................................................  
72.8 
63.1 
75.7 
Financials and sovereign ............................................................................................  
1,508.0 
1,234.0 
753.5 
Utilities.......................................................................................................................  
486.6 
92.0 
82.6 
Industrials ...................................................................................................................  
48.4 
78.8 
82.6 
Total treasury investment portfolio ........................................................................  
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by proportion 
of the total as at as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Energy ........................................................................................................................  
9.0 
17.5 
24.2 
Materials ....................................................................................................................  
3.1 
3.5 
5.8 
Financials and sovereign ............................................................................................  
64.9 
69.3 
57.4 
Utilities.......................................................................................................................  
20.9 
5.2 
6.3 
Industrials ...................................................................................................................  
2.1 
4.4 
6.3 
Total treasury investment portfolio ........................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Geographical concentration of treasury investment portfolio 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprised debt securities 
issued by GCC issuers and United States issuers. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by 
amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Saudi Arabia ...............................................................................................................  
427.5 
299.1 
233.8 
Qatar ..........................................................................................................................  
136.4 
108.1 
135.3 
Other GCC States .......................................................................................................  
613.4 
444.3 
379.8 
Total Arab world ......................................................................................................  
1,177.3 
851.5 
748.9 
Europe ........................................................................................................................  
— 
139.2 
66.7 
Asia and Oceania........................................................................................................  
384.9 
61.1 
17.8 
United States ..............................................................................................................  
762.7 
728.4 
478.7 
Total treasury investment portfolio ........................................................................  
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio, or in 
2017, the fixed income securities within that portfolio, by proportion of the total as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Saudi Arabia ...............................................................................................................  
18.4 
16.8 
17.8 
Qatar ..........................................................................................................................  
5.9 
6.1 
10.3 
Other GCC States .......................................................................................................  
26.4 
25.0 
28.9

--- Page 160 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 148 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Total Arab world ......................................................................................................  
50.6 
47.8 
57.1 
Europe ........................................................................................................................  
— 
7.8 
5.1 
Asia and Oceania........................................................................................................  
16.6 
3.4 
1.4 
United States ..............................................................................................................  
32.8 
40.9 
36.5 
Total treasury investment portfolio ........................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Interest rate structure of fixed income portfolio 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's treasury investment 
portfolio as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Fixed rate bonds .........................................................................................................  
2.93 
3.91 
4.67 
Floating rate bonds .....................................................................................................  
1.72 
3.29 
3.63 
 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
The Group's principal commitments are to underwrite and fund loans to be made by it and to subscribe 
capital to direct equity investees. The Group also has limited other commitments and a contingent liability 
in respect of a guarantee given by it in respect of a loan made to Egyptian Bahraini Gas Derivative 
Company, a fully impaired direct equity investment at FVOCI. The Group's shares in Egyptian Bahraini 
Gas Derivative Company have been pledged to secure this guarantee. 
The table below shows the Group's commitments and contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans .................................................................................................. 
1,820.6 
Commitments to subscribe capital to direct equity investments .................................................................... 
45.4 
Guarantees to bank on loans of investee companies ...................................................................................... 
8.0 
Fixed asset commitments .............................................................................................................................. 
4.9 
 
1,878.9 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders. Although the Group does not transact any 
commercial business directly with the shareholders themselves, it is engaged in financing activities with 
companies which are either controlled by the shareholder governments or over which they have significant 
influence. Loans made by the Group to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates and are 
subject to normal commercial negotiation as to terms. The majority of loans to related parties are 
syndicated, which means that participation and terms are negotiated by a group of arrangers, of which 
APICORP may, or may not, be a leader. No loans to related parties were written off in 2020, 2019 or 2018 
(save following a settlement agreement with the Government of Iraq relating to certain loans made by the 
Group to companies controlled by the Government of Iraq which had been defaulted on following the 1990-
1991 second Gulf war and against which the Group had offset unpaid dividends to the Government of Iraq). 
The table below summarises the Group's related party loans, direct equity investments in related parties and 
deposits from related parties as at, and for the years ended, 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Loans to related parties 
 
 
 
Gross loans outstanding ................................................................................................  
2,860.5 
2,498.8 
2,382.3 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans ..................................................................  
799.8 
681.5 
539.3 
Interest income from loans during the year ...................................................................  
91.7 
132.0 
103.0 
Loan fees received during the year ................................................................................  
1.2 
1.9 
2.2 
ECL allowance ..............................................................................................................  
   (32.10) 
(15.8) 
(19.0) 
Investments in related parties

--- Page 161 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 149 - 
75-40744906 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Investments ...................................................................................................................  
969.4 
981.0 
1,044.3 
Commitments to invest ..................................................................................................  
45.7 
45.7 
51.3 
Guarantees as shareholder .............................................................................................  
8.0 
8.0 
8.8 
Dividends received during the year ...............................................................................  
46.9 
64.4 
56.4 
Deposits 
 
 
 
Deposits from corporates...............................................................................................  
18.7 
122.5 
415.2 
Deposits from Shareholders ..........................................................................................  
119.1 
117.5 
114.0 
Other 
 
 
 
Dividend payable to Shareholders .................................................................................  
23.0 
23.0 
13.7 
Interest expense on deposits from corporates during the year .......................................  
2.3 
10.8 
17.8 
Interest expense on deposits from Shareholders during the year ...................................  
1.6 
3.5 
3.1 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's gross loans outstanding to related parties were 70.9 per cent. of its 
total gross loans outstanding, compared to 65.7 per cent. as at 31 December in each of 2019 and 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's investments in related parties were 30.1 per cent. of its total 
investments, compared to 35.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 42.7 per cent. as at 31 December 
2018. 
As at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's deposits from related party corporates were 
100.0 per cent. of its total deposits from corporates. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market 
confidence and to sustain the future development of its business. The Group recognises the need to maintain 
a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the advantages and 
security afforded by a sound capital position. Although the Group is not subject to regulatory-imposed 
capital requirements, it monitors and manages its capital based on the capital adequacy ratios prescribed by 
the Basel Committee (Basel II) and also voluntarily complies with Basel III liquidity risk management 
guidelines. The Group's capital adequacy as at 31 December 2020 based on qualifying capital to total risk 
weighted exposure was 31.21 per cent. 
The table below shows the Group's capital adequacy as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million, except percentages) 
Risk weighted exposures 
 
 
 
On balance sheet assets .................................................................................................  
7,333.2 
7,349.4 
6,952.8 
Off balance sheet exposures ..........................................................................................  
738.5 
1,582.6 
1,564.8 
Total risk weighted exposures ....................................................................................  
8,071.7 
8,087.5 
7,942.6 
Capital adequacy 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital(1) ..............................................................................................................  
2,438.5 
2,348.4 
2,265.9 
Tier 2 capital(2) ..............................................................................................................  
81.1 
41.4 
28.3 
Qualifying capital ........................................................................................................  
2,519.6 
2,389.8 
2,294.2 
Total capital adequacy ratio (Basel II) ...........................................................................  
31.21% 
29.55% 
28.53% 
Tier 1 capital ratio (Basel II) .........................................................................................  
30.21% 
29.04% 
28.53% 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Comprises share capital, legal and general reserves and retained earnings. 
(2) Comprises investments fair value reserve and collective impairment allowance. 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks and takes steps to mitigate certain of these risks as described in 
"Risk management".

--- Page 162 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 150 - 
75-40744906 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
APICORP's governing bodies include the General Assembly, the Board and its committees and the Office 
of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, appointed by the Board, is responsible for all 
the activities of the Group under the supervision of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is assisted by 
the senior management team. 
The Board 
The Board comprises one director appointed by each of the OAPEC Member States. The Board elects its 
chairman. Membership of the Board is for a term of four years and may be renewed for any number of 
successive terms. The Board meets once every three months. 
The members of the current Board are listed below. Members of the Board represent their respective 
country's interest in APICORP and, as shown in the table below, most Board members are in current 
leadership positions in their countries. 
Name 
Title 
Principal occupation 
outside APICORP 
Member 
State(1) 
Dr. Aabed bin Abdulla Al-Saadoun 
Chairman 
Deputy 
Minister 
for 
Companies 
Affairs, 
Ministry of Petroleum & 
Minerals 
Saudi Arabia 
Engr. Salem Mohammed Omar 
Hnesh 
Deputy 
Chairman 
General Manager, Libyan 
Arab Foreign Investment 
Company 
Libya 
Engr. Sharif Salim Al-Olama  
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of 
Energy & Infrastructure 
UAE 
Dr. Sheikh Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah 
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of 
Oil 
Kuwait 
Mr. Alaa Kidher Kadhum Yasri 
Member 
General 
Manager, 
State 
Organization for Marketing 
of Oil 
Iraq 
Mr. Mohammed Khalid Al-
Ghanem 
Member 
Manager, 
Strategic 
Planning & Budget, Qatar 
Petroleum 
Qatar 
Mrs. Amel Abdellatif 
Member 
General Manager, Taxation 
Directorate, 
Ministry 
of 
Finance 
Algeria 
H.E. Engr. Tarek Ahmed El 
Molla 
Member 
Minister, 
Ministry 
of 
Petroleum 
and 
Mineral 
Resources 
Egypt 
Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood 
Member 
Undersecretary of Financial 
Affairs, Ministry of Finance 
& National Economy 
Bahrain 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Due to the current political situation in Syria, no representative from Syria is assigned to APICORP's Board at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The address of each Board member is the registered office of APICORP at Building 7201, King Faisal 
Road, Al-Bahar District, Unit 1, Al-Khobar 34218-3085 Saudi Arabia and their post office box address is

--- Page 163 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 151 - 
75-40744906 
 
P.O. Box 9599 Dammam 31423 Saudi Arabia. There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between 
the private interests or other duties of the directors listed above and their duties to the Group. 
Board committees 
The Board has established two committees: the Board Audit and Risk Committee (the "BARC") and the 
Board Governance and Remuneration Committee (the "BGRC"). 
The Audit and Risk Committee 
The BARC oversees the Group's financial activities, internal control, corporate governance and risk 
governance. The BARC is responsible for oversight of the Group's: 
• 
financial activities and reporting system; 
• 
internal controls and risk management framework; 
• 
audit functions; and 
• 
legal and compliance requirements. 
The BARC comprises Dr. Sheikh Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah (as Chairman), Engr. Sharif Salim Al-Olama (as 
Vice Chairman) and Mr. Alaa Kidher Kadhum Yasri, Mr. Mohammed Khalid Al- Ghanem, and Mrs. Amel 
Abdellatif (as members). 
The Governance and Remuneration Committee 
The BGRC oversees overall corporate governance together with employee compensation and benefits. The 
BGRC is responsible for: 
• 
monitoring and continuously improving corporate governance; 
• 
recommending appropriate remuneration and reward policies to the Board; and 
• 
ensuring that human resources policies and practices are in line with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
The BGRC comprises Dr. Aabed bin Abdulla Al-Saadoun (as Chairman), Engr. Salem Mohammed Omar 
Hnesh (as Vice Chairman) and H.E. Engr. Tarek Ahmed El Molla and Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood (as 
members). 
Senior management 
The members of the Group's senior management team are: 
Name 
Title 
Dr. Ahmed Ali Attiga 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dr. Sherif Ayoub 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Bennie Burger 
Managing Director, Investments 
Mr. Hesham Farid 
Managing Director, Treasury &Capital Markets 
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot 
Managing Director, Corporate Banking 
Ms. Basema Al Mahroos 
Director, Portfolio Management 
Mr. Hamdi Bata 
Director, Human Resources & Corporate Services 
Mr. Ali Hassan Fadel 
Director, Legal 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Jha 
Director, Risk and Compliance 
Mr. Mohammad Khatib 
Director, Information Technology

--- Page 164 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 152 - 
75-40744906 
 
The address of each member of senior management is the registered office of APICORP at Building 7201, 
King Faisal Road, Al-Bahar District, Unit 1, Al-Khobar 34218-3085 Saudi Arabia and their postal address 
is P.O. Box 9599, Dammam 31423 Saudi Arabia. There are no potential conflicts of interest between the 
private interests or other duties of the members of senior management listed above and their duties to the 
Group. 
Dr. Ahmed Ali Attiga (Chief Executive Officer) 
Dr. Attiga's career and experience span over 26 years in investment management, development finance, 
private equity, research and teaching. He has served at the Board of Executive Directors of the World Bank 
Group in Washington, D.C. as well as a Manager of a Private Equity fund for the State of Wisconsin in the 
United States of America. He also advised Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund on privatisation and 
restructuring strategies. In his early career, he held teaching and research positions at the University of 
Wisconsin-Madison and the Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research. He joined the Group in April 2017. 
Dr. Attiga is a board member of the Emirates Development Bank and has served on the Royal International 
Commission to evaluate Jordan's privatisation programme. He is a Trustee of the Al-Amman Fund for the 
Future of Orphans, chaired by Her Majesty Queen Rania Al-Abduallah, and a member of the Arab Thought 
Forum among other various professional affiliations. 
Dr. Attiga holds three graduate degrees from the University of Wisconsin-Madison: a Ph.D. in Finance & 
Development, an MBA, and an M.S. in International Economies. He obtained his B.A. in Economics 
(Summa cum laude) from Kuwait University. 
Dr. Sherif Ayoub (Chief Financial Officer) 
Dr. Ayoub has over 20 years' experience in the financial sector. He has previously held several senior roles 
at the Islamic Development Bank at the Africa Department and the Islamic Corporation for the 
Development of the Private Sector, the Islamic Financial Services Department. While with the Islamic 
Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, he was seconded to the Islamic Financial Services 
Board in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia where he served as Assistant Secretary General. Mr Ayoub has also 
previously worked at A.T. Kearney, the US Government, the United Nations, and the World Bank. He 
joined the Group in February 2019. 
Dr. Ayoub has a PhD in Finance from Edinburgh University, a Master's degree from Columbia University 
and Bachelor's degree from Baldwin Wallace University. Dr Ayoub is also a CFA Charter holder and a 
Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 
Mr. Bennie Burger (Managing Director, Investments) 
Mr. Burger has over 26 years' experience in the financial services industry. He previously held a wide range 
of roles at The Standard Bank (at various times between 1990 and 2007), most recently as Regional 
Director: Corporate and Investment Banking for Southern Africa and Sector Head for Construction and 
Infrastructure. Between 1998 and 1999 he was a Team Leader: Commercial Banking at BOE Bank and 
between 1999 and 2001 he was Associate Director: Corporate Banking at PSG Investment Bank. Between 
2008 and 2012 he held various roles at Al Rajhi Bank and Al Rajhi Capital, most recently as Director and 
Head of Investment Banking between 2010 and 2012. Between 2013 and 2014 he was Chief Financial 
Officer at Algihaz Holding in Saudi Arabia. He joined the Group in 2014. 
Mr. Burger has a Bachelor's degree in Agricultural and Business Economics, a Bachelor's degree with 
Honours in Business Administration and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University 
of Stellenbosch. 
Mr. Hesham Farid (Managing Director, Treasury &Capital Markets) 
Mr. Farid has 32 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously been a credit officer 
at Misr Iran Development Bank (between 1984 and 1985) and he subsequently worked in a range of roles 
at Arab International Bank until 1996, most recently as Head of Fixed Income Investments (between 1990 
and 1996). He joined the Group in 1996. He was promoted to Acting Executive Vice President – Treasury 
& Capital Markets Department in 2009 and assumed his current position in June 2010.

--- Page 165 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 153 - 
75-40744906 
 
Mr. Farid has a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Business Administration, both from The 
American University in Cairo. 
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot (Managing Director, Corporate Banking) 
Mr. Thévenot has 25 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously worked at Crédit 
Agricole Indosuez in a range of roles between 1992 and 2000, most recently as Vice President-Asset Based 
Finance/MENA (between 1998 and 2000). He joined the Group in 2000 as head of the business group for 
North Africa and the Mediterranean basin in the department that handles the Group's project finance, 
financial advisory and trade finance activities (P&TF). In October 2004, he was appointed head of P&TF. 
Mr. Thévenot has a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Public Administration and Economics from 
l'Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and a post graduate diploma in International Economics from the same 
institution. 
Ms. Basema Al Mahroos (Director of Portfolio Management) 
Ms. Al Mahroos has over 32 years' experience in investment banking, project evaluation, process 
engineering, business planning, economics and trading. Since joining the Group in 2010, she has led a 
number of investment initiatives and played an instrumental role in the diversification of the Group's 
investments portfolio, in addition to leading the execution of the Group's exit strategy, notably the 
successful exit of NPS. Ms. Al Mahroos represents the Group on the boards of a number of investee 
companies. Prior to joining APICORP, she worked for the Bahrain Petroleum Company in a number of 
leadership roles. 
Ms. Al Mahroos has a Bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering (University of Bahrain) and a Master's 
degree in Finance from DePaul University, Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, USA. 
Mr. Hamdi Bata (Director, Human Resources & Corporate Services) 
Mr. Bata has around 15 years' experience in human resources. He previously worked at La Roche College, 
Pittsburgh, USA (between 2003 and 2009), most recently as Director of Academic Support (2006 to 2009), 
as a Managing Consultant for the Hay Group (between 2010 and 2013) and Head of Shared Services and 
Organisational Transformation at Castrol (between 2013 and 2015). He joined the Group in 2015. 
Mr. Bata has a Bachelor's degree in International Management and Information Systems and a Master's 
degree in Human Resource Management – Organisational Development & Change, both from La Roche 
College. 
Mr. Ali Hassan Fadel (Director, Legal) 
Mr. Fadel is a Solicitor of the Supreme Court of England and Wales. He is also a Certified Compliance 
Officer of the American Academy of Financial Management. Mr. Fadel practiced as an Advocate in Sudan 
between 1984 and 1993. He subsequently studied in London between 1994 and 1998 where he qualified as 
a Solicitor and he practiced as a Solicitor in London between 1999 and 2005. He joined the Group in 2005. 
Mr. Fadel graduated from the University of Khartoum with a Bachelor's degree in Law. Mr. Fadel also has 
a Master's degree in Commercial Law from the Queen Mary & Westfield College of the University of 
London and post graduate diplomas in English Law (Common Professional Examination) and in Legal 
Practice (Legal Practice Course) from the London Guildhall University. 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Jha (Director, Risk and Compliance) 
Mr. Jha has around 22 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously worked in a 
range of roles as follows: Loan Officer at TATA Finance Limited (1997 to 1999); Branch Manager at GE 
Capital, Indore (1999 to 2000); Regional Business Head, Mortgages at ICICI Bank, Kolkata (2001 to 2004); 
Assistant Vice President, Retail Banking at Citibank (2004 to 2008); Head-Credit & Risk Practice at 
Accenture (2008), Head of Risk at Amlak International Finance for Real Estate (2008 to 2009) and Head 
of Risk at Al Rajhi Capital (2009 to 2014). He joined the Group in 2014. 
Mr. Jha has a Bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Delhi University and a Master's degree in Business 
Administration from the Institute of Management Studies, Indore, India.

--- Page 166 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 154 - 
75-40744906 
 
Mr. Mohammad Khatib (Director of Information Technology) 
Mr. Khatib has over 24 years' experience in IT. Previously, he was a senior consultant with Market 
Management Improvement Services. He served as the Chief Information Officer at the Amman Stock 
Exchange, and prior to that as Chief Information Officer at Bank Al Etihad. In his most recent role, he was 
a director at the Global Business Bureau in Dubai. He joined the Group in January 2019. 
Mr. Khatib has a Master's degree in Analysis, Design and Management of Information Systems (ADMIS) 
at the London School of Economics. 
Management committees 
The Group has four management level committees. 
Executive Management Committee 
The Executive Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the Group's corporate strategy, annual budget, business plan, human 
resource policy and corporate governance policy; 
• 
periodically reviewing the Group's financial performance against its approved plan; and 
• 
managing dispute solutions, crisis situations and key reputational risk events. 
The Executive Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the heads 
of T&CM, Investments, Corporate Banking, Finance, Risk Management & Compliance, Legal, IT, Energy 
Research, Human Resources & Corporate Services, Corporate Communication and Portfolio Management. 
The committee generally meets monthly. 
Credit and Investment Committee 
The Credit and Investment Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending to the Board new debt-related transactions, equity investment 
proposals, and direct investment and exit guidelines; 
• 
reviewing renewals and extensions of existing credit facilities and non-performing credit facilities; 
• 
ensuring compliance with credit policies and procedures, and direct investments and exit guidelines; 
and 
• 
reviewing joint ventures, feasibility studies and due diligence reports. 
The Credit and Investment Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the heads 
of Finance, Corporate Banking, Investments, Risk Management & Compliance, Energy Research and 
Portfolio Management. 
The committee met 28 times in 2020, 24 times in 2019 and 20 times in 2018. 
The Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the risk appetite framework for Board approval; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the credit, market, operational and liquidity risk management 
policies/manuals and procedures, including the associated methodologies. The Risk Management 
Committee also reviews the stress test results provided by risk management as well as the financial 
planning and analytics unit on the above risk areas;

--- Page 167 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 155 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
reviewing and recommending the list of eligible instruments and respective limits, country risk 
profile updates and resulting exposure limit changes, any breach of limits, and assignment of 
financial institution and corporate limits; 
• 
reviewing and recommending internal rating models and rating score cards for the loan portfolio 
and reviewing the risk reports for the equity portfolio; 
• 
reviewing and recommending all operational risk management policies, including the business 
continuity policy/plan, the disaster recovery policy/plan and operational risk software; 
• 
reviewing the exposure dashboard and approving risk exposure thresholds within limits set by the 
Board; 
• 
reviewing the external rating of APICORP and providing its feedback to the ALCO on areas of 
improvement and the impact of changes in rating methodology; 
• 
monitoring and reviewing all aspects of regulatory compliance; 
• 
reporting key risk indicators and risk positions to the Board Audit & Risk Committee and provide 
recommendations; and 
• 
reviewing risk management reports submitted to it. 
The Risk Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), the Chief 
Financial Officer, the Chief Economist and the Heads of Corporate Finance, Investments, T&CM, Portfolio 
Management, Risk & Compliance and IT. 
The committee met 13 times in 2020, six times in 2019 and six times in 2018. 
The ALCO 
The ALCO's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the asset and liability management ("ALM") framework and related 
policies (including the liquidity policy, the hedging policy and the pricing policy); 
• 
reviewing the balance sheet composition (including asset mix and maturity profile) and cash flows 
for APICORP; 
• 
reviewing the alignment and adjustments of the annual budget/forecast vis-à-vis the ALM 
framework; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the annual funding plan, including the issuance of bonds and sukuk, 
as well as the contingency funding plan; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the medium-term and long-term financial strategies and projections 
required to adjust the assets and liabilities in order to manage liquidity, leverage, funding, earnings, 
pricing, hedging and off-balance sheet exposures in order to ensure long-term financial 
sustainability; 
• 
reviewing the robustness of cash flow projections; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the target prudential minimum liquidity for APICORP and 
monitoring the liquidity position; 
• 
reviewing the impact of liquidity measures, funding structure and interest-bearing asset 
compositions to optimise the earnings (net interest income) for APICORP; 
• 
reviewing and assessing the stress test scenarios for liquidity and ALM; 
• 
reviewing and approving the early redemptions of medium and long-term liabilities if internal 
and/or market conditions so warrant;

--- Page 168 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 156 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
reviewing and approving the external asset management programme and the appointment of asset 
managers for treasury assets; 
• 
reviewing and approving the fund transfer pricing model, cost and profit allocations and pricing 
policy for APICORP; 
• 
reviewing APICORP's capital structure and various financial ratios, including capital adequacy; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the calling of capital payments; 
• 
reviewing and clearing any breaches of ALM and treasury portfolio limits; and 
• 
ensuring that the ALCO reporting pack is presented and deliberated. 
The ALCO comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief 
Economist and the Heads of Corporate Finance, Investments, T&CM, Portfolio Management, Financial 
Planning and Analytics and Risk & Compliance. 
The committee met 10 times in 2020, five times in 2019 and six times in 2018. 
Tender and Bid Committee 
The Tender and Bid Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
approving and awarding contracts within its approved budget and authority; 
• 
reviewing and recommending tender and bid policies and procedures, including the vendor 
selection process; 
• 
ensuring the development of clear guidelines for bidders; 
• 
ensuring that ethical practices are followed and recorded; and 
• 
facilitating purchase decisions within its authority. 
The Tender and Bid Committee comprises the Senior Manager – Finance (as Chairman), the Manager – 
Risk & Compliance and the Manager - Procurement. 
The committee met 32 times in 2020, 52 times in 2019 and 49 times in 2018. 
COMPENSATION 
The aggregate remuneration (comprising benefits, fees and charges) of the members of APICORP's Board 
and its key management amounted to U.S.$3.7 million in 2020, U.S.$4.3 million in 2019 and U.S.$4.7 
million in 2018. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2020, APICORP had 127 full-time employees, compared to 123 at 31 December 2019 
and 118 at 31 December 2018. APICORP embraces diversity and there were 17 different nationalities 
among its employees as at 31 December 2020. 
APICORP is a performance-driven organisation and this is reflected in its reward philosophy which links 
performance to rewards. It aims to pay competitive rates of remuneration and seeks to match best pay 
practices in the GCC markets. It offers its employees a wide range of benefits, including housing and 
transportation allowances and annual air flight tickets to and from their countries of origin for employees 
and their families on a yearly basis. It also offers relocation packages, subscription allocations, readership 
programmes, premium health coverage, life insurance and different work life balance programmes. It pays 
employee-differentiated bonuses in accordance with performance scorecards, as well as paying above 
market average end of service benefits. It also provides a comprehensive training and development 
programme for all its employees. APICORP believes that its employees are its most important asset and 
focuses on ensuring optimal working conditions for its employees.

--- Page 169 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 157 - 
75-40744906 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents will be available for inspection at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent. Defined 
terms used below have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
Master Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement will be entered into on 12 October 2021 between the Trustee (in its 
capacity as "Purchaser") and APICORP (in its capacity as "Seller") and is governed by English law. A 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of each 
Series and will also be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller may, from time to time, agree to sell, transfer and 
convey to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser may, from time to time, agree to purchase and accept the transfer 
and conveyance from the Seller of all of the Seller's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present 
and future, in, to and under, the Initial Assets for the Purchase Price specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
which will be payable on the Issue Date of the relevant Series. The relevant Initial Assets will be set out in 
the schedule to the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement. 
The proportion of the Purchase Price payable in respect of each such Initial Asset shall be an amount equal 
to the Total Value of that Asset. 
Servicing Agency Agreement 
The Servicing Agency Agreement will be entered into on 12 October 2021 between the Trustee and 
APICORP (in its capacity as Service Agent) and is governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agency Agreement, the Trustee will appoint the Service Agent to manage the 
Assets relating to each Series. In particular, the Service Agent, in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
shall complete the Services Schedule on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series; 
(b) 
if the Trustee issues additional trust certificates in respect of an existing Series, it shall as soon as 
practicable after such issuance, amend the Services Schedule for that Series to take into account 
the issuance of such additional trust certificates; 
(c) 
shall service the relevant Assets in accordance with the Services Schedule and the terms of the 
Servicing Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
shall ensure that on and from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the appointment of a 
Shari'a adviser (the "Shari'a Adviser") to monitor the compliance by APICORP (acting in any 
capacity) with the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
(e) 
shall ensure that the Tangibility Ratio shall, at all times on and after the Issue Date, be more than 
50 per cent. and if, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio, other than as a result of the occurrence of a 
total loss or expropriation of the Ijara Assets comprising the Portfolio, falls: 
(i) 
to 50 per cent or less (but is 33 per cent. or more), the Service Agent shall take any and all 
steps (in its capacity as Service Agent) (in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser) as may 
be required to ensure such Tangibility Ratio is restored to more than 50 per cent. within 
the time period determined by the Shari'a Adviser; and 
(ii) 
below 33 per cent. (such event, being a "Tangibility Event") and, within 10 Business 
Days of the Service Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of the Tangibility Event, the 
Service Agent shall send a Tangibility Event Trustee Notice notifying the Trustee and the 
Delegate of such occurrence and requesting the Trustee to promptly deliver a notice to 
Certificateholders (a "Tangibility Event Notice") to the relevant Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 8.5 specifying that:

--- Page 170 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 158 - 
75-40744906 
 
(A) 
a Tangibility Event has occurred together with an explanation of the reasons for, 
and evidence of, such occurrence; 
(B) 
as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Adviser, the Certificates should be 
tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading;  
(C) 
on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the 
Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing; and 
(D) 
the Tangibility Event Put Option Period, during which period any 
Certificateholder shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of 
its Certificates; 
(f) 
shall use its reasonable endeavours, in the event that there are Principal Revenues standing to the 
credit of the Principal Collection Account: 
(i) 
to the extent that APICORP has Eligible Assets available for sale to the Trustee, to notify 
the Trustee of: 
(A) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account which can 
be used for the purposes of purchasing the Eligible Assets (which amount shall 
not be greater than the Total Value of such Eligible Assets); and 
(B) 
the details and Total Value of such proposed Eligible Assets, 
to allow the Trustee to have sufficient information to enable it to exercise the Purchase 
Undertaking; 
(g) 
it shall do all acts and things (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and 
commencement of any proceedings) in accordance with its usual practices that it considers 
reasonably necessary to ensure the assumption of, and compliance by each Asset Obligor with its 
covenants, undertakings or other obligations under the relevant Asset in accordance with applicable 
law and the terms of the Asset; 
(h) 
it shall discharge or procure the discharge of all obligations to be discharged by the Trustee in 
respect of any of the Assets, it being acknowledged that the Service Agent may appoint one or 
more agents to discharge these obligations on its behalf; 
(i) 
it shall pay on behalf of the Trustee any actual costs, expenses, losses and Taxes which would 
otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of the Trustee's ownership of the Assets; 
(j) 
it shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Asset Revenues (free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, Taxes), investigate non-payment of Asset 
Revenues and generally make reasonable efforts to collect or enforce the collection of such Asset 
Revenues under all Assets as and when the same shall become due so that the Income Revenues 
are at least equal to the Expected Income Revenues Amount; 
(k) 
it shall maintain the Collection Accounts and the Reserve Account, in each case in accordance with 
clause 5 (Accounts) of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
if, following payment of amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account as described in 
clause 5.7(a) of the Servicing Agency Agreement, a Shortfall Amount remains on any Distribution 
Determination Date, it may provide either: (i) Shari'a-compliant funding to the Trustee; or (ii) 
procure Shari'a-compliant funding from a third party, in each case to the extent necessary to ensure 
that the Trustee receives on each Distribution Determination Date the Required Amount payable 
by it in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series on the immediately following 
Periodic Distribution Date, by payment of the same into the Transaction Account and on terms that 
such funding is to be settled: (i) in accordance with the provisions of clause 5.4(c) of the Servicing 
Agency Agreement; or (ii) on the relevant Dissolution Date from the relevant exercise price 
payable pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case

--- Page 171 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 159 - 
75-40744906 
 
may be, or from the insurance proceeds, as applicable (such funding in relation to a Series, a 
"Liquidity Facility"); 
(m) 
it shall notify the Trustee promptly if in respect of any Asset any of the representations and 
warranties contained in clause 4.2 of the Master Purchase Agreement cease to be true and correct, 
(the occurrence of such event or circumstance being an "Impaired Asset Event"); and 
(n) 
it shall, together with any notice delivered in accordance with clause 4.1(o) of the Servicing 
Agency Agreement, notify the Trustee of the availability (if any), together with all necessary details, 
of any Eligible Assets for the purposes of substituting the Asset in respect of which an Impaired 
Asset Event has occurred in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking. 
The Service Agent performs its duties under the Servicing Agency Agreement in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations and with the degree of skill and care that it would exercise in respect of its 
own assets. 
APICORP is entitled to receive a fee for acting as Service Agent which comprises a fixed fee of U.S.$100 
(the receipt and adequacy of which is acknowledged by the Service Agent under the Servicing Agency 
Agreement) and may also receive incentive payments as described below. 
In relation to each of the Ijara Assets comprised in a Portfolio, the Service Agent shall ensure that: 
(a) 
such Ijara Assets are insured at all times against total loss and expropriation in an amount at least 
equal to the Total Value of that Ijara Asset (the "Insurance Coverage Amount") and that such 
insurance policies are maintained, to the extent available on commercially viable terms, on a 
Shari'a-compliant takaful basis and with reputable insurers in good financial standing;  
(b) 
in the event of a total loss or expropriation of any such Ijara Assets, the insurance policies relating 
to such Ijara Assets provide for an amount at least equal to the Insurance Coverage Amount of the 
relevant Ijara Asset to be paid to the Service Agent to the Principal Collection Account in the 
Specified Currency by no later than close of business on the date falling thirty calendar days after 
the occurrence of such total loss or expropriation; and 
(c) 
if at any time and for any reason, the Service Agent is not in compliance with its insurance 
obligations in paragraph (a) above, it shall immediately deliver written notice to the Trustee and 
the Delegate of such non-compliance and the details thereof.  
Without prejudice to the requirements of the following paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, the Service 
Agent and the Trustee acknowledge that a failure by the Service Agent to comply with the insurance 
obligations set out above shall not constitute a Dissolution Event and the sole remedy of the Trustee for any 
failure by the Service Agent to comply with the provisions set out in the paragraph above shall be to claim 
against the Service Agent for any Insurance Shortfall Amount pursuant to the following paragraph. 
The delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (c) above to the Trustee and/or the Delegate in relation 
to non-compliance with the Service Agent's insurance obligations in paragraph (a) above shall constitute a 
Dissolution Event. 
In the event that (i) the relevant insurance company fails to pay the Insurance Coverage Amount relating to 
an Ijara Asset to the Service Agent, by crediting such amount to the Principal Collection Account, within 
60 calendar days of a total loss or expropriation of that Ijara Asset or (ii) the Service Agent has failed to 
maintain or ensure the maintenance of any insurances over the Ijara Assets or is otherwise in breach of its 
obligations under clause 4.2 of the Servicing Agency Agreement, and unless the Service Agent proves 
beyond any doubt that any shortfall in the Insurance Coverage Amount is neither attributable to its 
negligence or its failing to comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to insurance: 
(a) 
the Service Agent acknowledges that it shall have failed to comply with its obligations set out 
above; and 
(b) 
the Service Agent irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay in the Specified Currency on 
the 61st day after the occurrence of the total loss or expropriation, in same day funds (free and clear 
of any withholding or deduction or any set off or any counterclaim), an amount equal to the 
difference between the insurance proceeds credited to the Principal Collection Account and the

--- Page 172 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 160 - 
75-40744906 
 
Insurance Coverage Amount, in each case, in respect of the relevant Ijara Asset, directly into the 
Principal Collection Account (the "Insurance Shortfall Amount"). 
The Service Agent will maintain, in relation to each Series, three book-entry ledger accounts (referred to 
as the "Income Collection Account", the "Principal Collection Account" and the "Reserve Account"), 
each of which shall be denominated in the Specified Currency. 
All Asset Revenues relating to a Series will be recorded as follows: 
(a) 
if any such amounts comprise Income Revenues, in the Income Collection Account; and 
(b) 
if any such amounts comprise Principal Revenues, in the Principal Collection Account. 
The Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection 
Account of each Series at any time during the relevant Ownership Period and to use such amounts for its 
own account, provided that any Income Revenues so deducted are re-credited to the Income Collection 
Account on or prior to each relevant Distribution Determination Date for the purposes of application by the 
Service Agent pursuant to the paragraph below. 
In relation to each Series, amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account will be applied 
by the Service Agent on each Distribution Determination Date in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in payment to the Service Agent of any amounts advanced by it to the Trustee by way of a 
Liquidity Facility;  
(b) 
second, in payment to the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee of any due but unpaid Service 
Agent Liabilities Amounts in respect of the Distribution Period ending immediately before the 
immediately following Distribution Date and (if applicable) any Service Agent Liabilities Amounts 
for any previous Distribution Period that remain unpaid; 
(c) 
third, in payment into the Transaction Account an amount equal to the Required Amount payable 
on the Periodic Distribution Date falling one Business Day after such Distribution Determination 
Date; and 
(d) 
fourth, to the Reserve Account. 
If on the Business Day prior to a Periodic Distribution Date the amounts standing to the credit of the Income 
Collection Account are less than the relevant Required Amount, the Service Agent shall deduct amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account towards funding such shortfall and, if such amounts standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account are insufficient for such purpose, the Service Agent may provide to 
the Trustee a Liquidity Facility to ensure the Trustee receives the Required Amount on such Periodic 
Distribution Date to pay the relevant Periodic Distribution Amount, by paying the amounts so advanced 
into the Transaction Account on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date. Any Liquidity Facility shall be provided on terms that it is repayable from Income Revenues in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above or on the Dissolution Date. 
The Service Agent is entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account at any time 
and use such amounts for its own account, provided that such amounts shall be immediately repaid by it 
if so required to fund any shortfall as described above. Following payment of all amounts due and payable 
under the Certificates of a Series, the Service Agent shall be entitled to retain any amounts that remain 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account for that Series for its own account as an incentive payment 
for acting as Service Agent. 
The Service Agent shall use its best endeavours to keep detailed records of all movements in the Collection 
Accounts and Reserve Account for each Series and, if so requested, and except to the extent it is under any 
duty or obligation imposed by applicable law or regulation to keep such information confidential, provide 
the Trustee with copies of such records and any other information or details in relation to the Collection 
Accounts and Reserve Account as the Trustee may request. 
The Service Agent will agree in the Servicing Agency Agreement (and except as provided herein) that all 
payments by it under the Servicing Agency Agreement will be made without any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by

--- Page 173 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 161 - 
75-40744906 
 
law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If there is any such withholding or deduction, the 
Service Agent shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net 
amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding or deduction had been made. In addition, if 
additional amounts are payable by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 
10 (Taxation), the Service Agent will agree in the Servicing Agency Agreement to pay to the Trustee an 
amount equal to such additional amounts by payment to the Transaction Account by wire transfer so that 
the full amount which would otherwise have been due and payable under the Certificates is received by the 
Trustee no later than the due date for payment of such amounts under the Certificates. The payment 
obligations of the Service Agent under the Servicing Agency Agreement will be direct, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Service Agent and shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by 
applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 6.2 (Negative 
Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Service Agent, present and future. 
The Service Agent shall undertake in the Servicing Agency Agreement, in relation to each Series, that it 
shall maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title, interests, benefits or 
entitlements in, to or under, all of the Assets comprising the Portfolio during the Ownership Period, in each 
case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 12 October 2021 by APICORP as obligor in favour 
of the Trustee and the Delegate and is governed by English law. 
APICORP will, in relation to each Series, irrevocably undertake in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate 
to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance of all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Assets on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier 
due date for dissolution following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, as the case may be, at the Exercise 
Price by entering into a transfer agreement. 
If the Delegate exercises its option prior to the Scheduled Dissolution Date of the relevant Series, an 
Exercise Notice will be required to be delivered by the Delegate under the Purchase Undertaking. 
In relation to each Series, the Trustee will also be entitled to exercise the Purchase Undertaking following 
any exercise by the Certificateholders of their right to require the Trustee to redeem their Certificates on a 
Certificateholder Put Right Date or a Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may be, in which case 
APICORP will be required to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance of the Trustee's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under a proportion of the Assets not 
exceeding such proportion as is determined by dividing (i) the Tangibility Event Certificates, by (ii) the 
aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series, at the Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price. 
In relation to each Series, the Trustee will also be entitled to exercise the Purchase Undertaking if the 
Trustee has received notice, or otherwise become aware, of the occurrence of an Impaired Asset Event, in 
which case APICORP shall purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance from the Trustee on the 
relevant Impaired Asset Exercise Date all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, 
present and future, in, to and under the relevant Impaired Assets: 
(a) 
against the transfer and conveyance to the Trustee of all of APICORP's rights, title, interests, 
benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under certain New Assets; or 
(b) 
in the event that APICORP does not have New Assets available for such purpose, at the Impaired 
Asset Exercise Price. 
In relation to each Series, the Trustee will also be entitled to exercise the Purchase Undertaking following 
the occurrence of an Additional Asset Event, in which case APICORP shall sell, transfer and convey to the 
Trustee on the relevant Additional Asset Date all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, 
present and future, in, to and under certain New Assets against the payment by the Trustee of an amount 
equal to the Additional Asset Purchase Price. 
In relation to any Series: (i) if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice, APICORP (acting in any 
capacity) holds any benefits, entitlements, rights, title or interest in or remains in actual or constructive

--- Page 174 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 162 - 
75-40744906 
 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Assets; and (ii) if, following delivery of an Exercise 
Notice, APICORP fails to pay the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking for any reason whatsoever thereby resulting in APICORP's failure to comply with its 
obligations in accordance with clause 3.2(a) of the Purchase Undertaking, APICORP shall (as an 
independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purposes 
of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificates, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such 
indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
APICORP will agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking 
will be made without any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed 
by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If 
there is any withholding or deduction, APICORP shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt 
by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding or deduction had 
been made. In addition, if additional amounts are payable by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates in 
accordance with Condition 10 (Taxation), APICORP will agree in the Purchase Undertaking to pay to the 
Trustee an amount equal to such additional amounts by payment to the Transaction Account by wire transfer 
so that the full amount which would otherwise have been due and payable under the Certificates is received 
by the Trustee no later than the due date for payment of such amounts under the Certificates. The payment 
obligations of APICORP under the Purchase Undertaking will be direct, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of APICORP and shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge), at all times 
rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of APICORP, present and future. 
In the Purchase Undertaking, APICORP will undertake to comply with all provisions of the Conditions and 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and which are expressed to be applicable to it including, 
without limitation the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge) and the use 
of proceeds provisions described in Condition 6.3 (Use of Proceeds). 
Sale Undertaking 
The Sale Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 12 October 2021 by the Trustee in favour of APICORP 
and is governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, the Trustee will irrevocably grant to APICORP the right: 
(a) 
on the conditions described in Condition 8.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons), to require 
the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to APICORP on the Early Tax Dissolution Date all of the 
Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
Assets at the Exercise Price by executing a transfer agreement; 
(b) 
if and to the extent that any Certificates have been purchased by APICORP or its Subsidiaries and 
are to be cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.9 (Cancellation), to require the Trustee to sell, transfer 
and convey to APICORP on the Cancellation Date all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under a proportion of the Assets not exceeding such 
proportion as is determined by dividing: (i) the aggregate outstanding face amount of Certificates 
to be cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.9 (Cancellation); by (ii) the aggregate outstanding face 
amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series (the "Cancellation Proportion"), following the 
delivery of the aggregate face amount of Certificates specified in the Cancellation Notice (the 
"Cancellation Certificates") to the Registrar for cancellation and subject to: (i) the Total Value of 
the Cancellation Assets not being greater than the aggregate face amount of the Cancellation 
Certificates less the Cancellation Proportion of the aggregate amount of Deferred Sale Price (which 
for the purposes of the Sale Undertaking, shall exclude all Murabaha Profit Instalments forming 
part of such Deferred Sale Price) then outstanding; and (ii) no Exercise Notice having been 
delivered under the Purchase Undertaking Exercise Notice (as defined in the Purchase Undertaking) 
remains outstanding and the related redemption of Certificates referred to therein has not occurred 
in accordance with the Conditions;

--- Page 175 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 163 - 
75-40744906 
 
(c) 
provided that Optional Dissolution Right is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and APICORP has exercised the Optional Dissolution Right in accordance with the Conditions, to 
require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to APICORP all of the Trustee's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under a proportion of the Assets 
not exceeding such proportion as is determined by dividing (i) the aggregate outstanding face 
amount of Certificates to be redeemed pursuant to the exercise of the Optional Dissolution Right 
by (ii) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series, at the 
Optional Dissolution Exercise Price by executing a transfer agreement; 
(d) 
if 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been 
redeemed and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption of the Trust), to 
require the Trustee to sell, assign, transfer and convey to APICORP on the Clean Up Call Right 
Dissolution Date (as defined in the Sale Undertaking) all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, 
benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Assets comprised in the Portfolio applicable to the 
relevant Series at the Exercise Price; 
(e) 
if and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 20 (Further Issues) to issue 
an additional Tranche of Certificates in respect of a Series, to require the Trustee to accept the 
transfer of all of APICORP's rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, 
in, to and under certain additional Eligible Assets (the "Additional Assets") at the Additional 
Exercise Price by executing a transfer agreement, provided that: 
(i) 
the Total Value of the Additional Assets is no less than the face amount of the Certificates 
issued pursuant to such additional Tranche; and 
(ii) 
no less than 51 per cent. of the Additional Assets comprise of Tangible Assets; and 
(f) 
to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under any or all of the Assets (the "Substituted 
Assets") to it in exchange for New Assets of a Total Value which is equal to or greater than the 
Total Value of the Substituted Assets (as certified by APICORP in the relevant Substitution Notice), 
and provided that the New Assets are Eligible Assets. The substitution of the Substituted Assets 
with the New Assets will become effective on the date specified in the substitution notice to be 
delivered by APICORP, by the Trustee and APICORP entering into a transfer agreement. The New 
Assets and any Assets not replaced on the Substitution Date will constitute the Assets for the 
relevant Series for the purposes of the Servicing Agency Agreement. 
APICORP will acknowledge and agree that, where the proportion of an Asset as described above is less 
than the whole of that Asset, and without affecting the amount of payment of the Exercise Price or Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price payable (as applicable), a transfer agreement shall not be entered into in respect 
of part of that Asset and the possible sale, transfer and conveyance to APICORP of such proportion of that 
Asset shall be deferred until the next Dissolution Date for the relevant Series provided that such proportion 
can be sold, transferred and conveyed as part of the relevant portfolio of Assets being sold, transferred and 
conveyed on that Dissolution Date. 
Upon exercise of the rights granted to APICORP under the Sale Undertaking and outlined above, APICORP 
will agree in the relevant Exercise Notice that it will make payment of the Exercise Price or Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price (as applicable) in full made without any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any Taxes imposed by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off 
(except pursuant to clause 3.8 of the Sale Undertaking) or counterclaim of any kind and, in the event that 
there is any withholding or deduction, APICORP shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt 
by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding or deduction had 
been made. 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
In connection with each Series of Certificates, the Trustee may desire to enter into a Commodity Murabaha 
Investment with APICORP (in its capacity as buyer, the "Buyer") using a portion of the issue proceeds of 
the Series as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 176 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 164 - 
75-40744906 
 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Trustee will undertake that, on receipt of a Notice of 
Request to Purchase from the Buyer, the Trustee (acting through the Commodity Agent) shall purchase the 
relevant Commodities on or before 1:00 p.m. London time on the relevant Murabaha Transaction Date from 
a Commodity Supplier on a spot basis at the relevant Commodity Purchase Price. 
Following the purchase of the Commodities by the Trustee (acting through the Commodity Agent) 
provided that the Trustee has acquired title to, and (actual or constructive) possession of, the Commodities, 
the Trustee may deliver to the Buyer a duly completed Offer Notice on or before 3:00 p.m. London time 
on the relevant Murabaha Transaction Date indicating the Trustee's acceptance of the terms of the relevant 
Notice of Request to Purchase. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Buyer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to 
accept the terms of, countersign and deliver to the Trustee any Offer Notice delivered to it in accordance 
with the Master Murabaha Agreement and (as a result of the Trustee having acted on the request of the 
Buyer set out in the Notice of Request to Purchase) purchase the Commodities acquired by the Trustee 
(acting through the Commodity Agent) from the Trustee for the Deferred Sale Price (to be paid in the 
Specified Currency and amounts and on the dates as specified in the relevant Offer Notice) in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, in each case, by countersigning and delivering to the 
Trustee the Offer Notice on or before 3:30 p.m. London time on the relevant Murabaha Transaction Date. 
As soon as the Buyer has countersigned the Offer Notice, a Murabaha Contract shall be created between 
the Trustee and the Buyer upon the terms of the Offer Notice and incorporating the terms and conditions 
set out in the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Trustee shall sell and the Buyer shall buy the Commodities 
and ownership of and all risks in and to the relevant Commodities shall immediately pass to and be vested 
in the Buyer, together with all rights and obligations relating thereto. 
The Buyer may following the purchase of the Commodities by the Buyer from the Trustee, and provided 
that the Buyer has acquired title to, and possession of, the Commodities, sell those Commodities to a third 
party. 
The Buyer will agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master Murabaha 
Agreement will be made without any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
Taxes imposed by the Relevant Jurisdictions unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of 
any kind. If there is any withholding or deduction, the Buyer shall pay all additional amounts as will result 
in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding or 
deduction had been made and accordingly the Buyer undertakes to pay to the Trustee or such other persons 
as the Trustee may direct such additional amounts forthwith upon demand and in the Specified Currency 
and in the manner prescribed in the Master Murabaha Agreement. In addition, if additional amounts are 
payable by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 10 (Taxation), the Buyer 
will agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement to pay to the Trustee an amount equal to such additional 
amounts by payment to the Transaction Account by wire transfer so that the full amount which would 
otherwise have been due and payable under the Certificates is received by the Trustee no later than the due 
date for payment of such amounts under the Certificates. 
The payment obligations of the Buyer under the Master Murabaha Agreement and each Murabaha Contract 
will be direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Buyer and shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 6.2 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Buyer, present and future. 
The Master Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed will be entered into on 12 October 2021 between the Trustee, APICORP and the 
Delegate and is governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed between the same parties will be 
entered into on the Issue Date of each Series of Certificates and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Certificate initially representing the Certificates of any Series, the Master Trust 
Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed shall together constitute the trust over the relevant Trust 
Assets declared by the Trustee in relation to such Series.

--- Page 177 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 165 - 
75-40744906 
 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Certificates comprise (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed), amongst other things, the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, 
the rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and under the 
Sukuk Assets from time to time (other than in relation to any representations given by APICORP to the 
Trustee and/or the Delegate under any documents constituting the Sukuk Assets from time to time) and any 
amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account, as more particularly described in 
Condition 5.1 (Trust Assets). 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trustee 
will, in relation to each Series of Certificates, inter alia: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the holders of the Certificates as beneficiaries 
in respect of that Series only; and 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of the Trust Assets, distribute the income from the Trust Assets and perform 
its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
The Trustee will irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Delegate to be its attorney and to execute, 
deliver and perfect all documents, and to exercise all of the present and future duties, powers (including the 
power to sub-delegate), rights, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the Master Trust Deed 
that the Delegate may consider to be necessary or desirable in order, upon the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, to (i) 
exercise all of the rights of the Trustee under the Purchase Undertaking, the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(if applicable to a Series) and any of the other Transaction Documents and (ii) make such distributions from 
the Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance with the Master Trust Deed as supplemented 
by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. The appointment of such delegate is intended to be in the interests 
of the Certificateholders and does not affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as sole trustee. 
The Master Trust Deed will specify that the rights of recourse in respect of Certificates shall be limited to 
the amounts from time to time available and comprising the relevant Trust Assets of that Series. The 
Certificateholders have no claim or recourse against the Trustee to the extent the Trust Assets have been 
exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished. 
A non-interest bearing Transaction Account maintained in London will be established in respect of each 
Series of Certificates. Monies received in the Transaction Account in respect of each Series will, inter alia, 
comprise revenues from the Assets other than in the nature of sale, capital or principal payments, and 
amounts of the Deferred Sale Price paid by APICORP pursuant to a Commodity Murabaha Investment (see 
"Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Servicing Agency Agreement" and "Summary of the 
Principal Transaction Documents – Master Murabaha Agreement"). The Master Trust Deed provides that 
all monies credited to the Transaction Account in respect of each Series will be applied in the order of 
priority set out in Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets). 
In relation to any Series: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, APICORP (acting in any capacity) holds any benefits, entitlements, rights, title or 
interest in or remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of 
the Assets; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, APICORP fails to pay the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right 
Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever thereby resulting in APICORP's 
failure to comply with its obligations in accordance with clause 3.2(a) of the Purchase Undertaking, 
APICORP shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the 
Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Certificates or the Tangibility Event Certificates, as the case may be, and, 
accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price, as the case may be.

--- Page 178 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 166 - 
75-40744906 
 
APICORP will further covenant and undertake that if the outstanding Deferred Sale Price is not paid on the 
relevant Dissolution Date in accordance with the provisions of the Master Murabaha Agreement for any 
reason whatsoever, APICORP shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) 
fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Certificates then outstanding and, 
accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the outstanding Deferred Sale 
Price. 
Shari'a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party provides that each of the Trustee and APICORP will 
agree that it has accepted the Shari'a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents and, to the extent 
permitted by law, further agrees that: 
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(or any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a 
compliance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the 
Transaction Documents to which is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari'a. 
Defined Terms 
"Additional Certificates Issue Date" means, in relation to the issue of additional trust certificates in 
connection with a Series pursuant to Condition 20 (Further Issues), each date on which additional trust 
certificates are issued; 
"Additional Exercise Price" means in relation to the issue of an additional Tranche of Certificates in 
respect of a Series, an amount equal to the proceeds of issue of such additional Tranche of Certificates less, 
if applicable, the Murabaha Investment Amount associated with such additional Tranche of Certificates; 
"Additional Asset Date" means the date specified as such in an Additional Asset Exercise Notice; 
"Additional Asset Event" means at any time APICORP has Eligible Assets available for sale to the Trustee 
and there are either Principal Revenues standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account for the 
purposes of purchasing such Eligible Assets; 
"Additional Asset Exercise Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Form 
of Additional Asset Exercise Notice) of the Purchase Undertaking; 
"Additional Asset Purchase Price" means the amount specified as such in an Additional Asset Exercise 
Notice which shall be no greater than the Total Value of the New Asset(s) specified in such Additional 
Asset Exercise Notice; 
"Assets" means, in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
the Initial Assets related to that Series;  
(b) 
any Eligible Assets acquired by the Trustee or on the Trustee's behalf in accordance with the terms 
of the Sale Undertaking or the Purchase Undertaking; and 
(c) 
any Principal Revenues related to that Series standing to the credit of the Principal Collection 
Account, 
but excluding any Asset that has been substituted, sold or transferred and conveyed to APICORP in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase Agreement, the Sale Undertaking or the Purchase 
Undertaking; 
"Asset Contract" means an Ijara Contract and/or other contracts, agreements and/or documents evidencing 
or otherwise related to or associated with an Asset, as the case may be;

--- Page 179 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 167 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Asset Obligor" means the entity or entities obliged to make payments in respect of an Asset in accordance 
with applicable laws and the terms of the Asset; 
"Asset Revenues" means, in relation to a Series, all Income Revenues and all Principal Revenues relevant 
to that Series; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Cancellation Assets" means in respect of an exercise of the right granted under the Sale Undertaking, the 
Assets specified as such in the relevant Cancellation Notice; 
"Cancellation Date" means, in respect of an exercise of the right granted under the Sale Undertaking, the 
date specified as such in a Cancellation Notice; 
"Certificateholder Put Right Certificates" means, in relation to a Series in respect of an exercise of the 
right granted under the Purchase Undertaking, the Certificates specified as such in the relevant Exercise 
Notice; 
"Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price" means, in relation to each Series, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates being redeemed pursuant to the 
Certificateholder Put Right for the relevant Series; plus 
(b) 
all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to such Certificates being 
redeemed; plus 
(c) 
if all of the Certificates of the relevant Series are being redeemed, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Liquidity Amount (if any) relating to such Series; plus 
(d) 
if all of the Certificates of the relevant Series are being redeemed, without duplication or double 
counting, an amount representing any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) in relation 
to such Series under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to costs and expenses 
due but unpaid to the Delegate, any unpaid Service Agent Liabilities Amounts and any other 
Priority Amounts which remain outstanding at the Certificateholder Put Right Date); plus 
(e) 
any other amounts payable in relation to the Certificates being redeemed on the exercise of the 
Certificateholder Put Right as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, all amounts in respect of 
the outstanding Deferred Sale Price which have been paid into the Transaction Account in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement and which shall be available on the 
Certificateholder Put Right Date to pay a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on 
redemption of the Certificates being redeemed following exercise of the Certificateholder Put 
Right; and 
(g) 
the amounts (if any) that were standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account relating 
to that Series and which have been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the 
Servicing Agency Agreement and which shall be available on the applicable Certificateholder Put 
Right Date to pay a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates 
being redeemed following exercise of the Certificateholder Put Right;

--- Page 180 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 168 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Certificateholder Put Right Proportion" means such proportion as is determined by dividing (i) the 
aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates being redeemed pursuant to the Certificateholder Put 
Right by (ii) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series; 
"Collection Accounts" means the Income Collection Account and the Principal Collection Account; 
"Commodities" means any of the commodities traded over the counter, which comprise any Shari'a 
compliant London Metal Exchange approved non-ferrous base metals, platinum group metals, or other 
Shari'a compliant commodities acceptable to the Buyer and the Seller, which, in each case, must be kept in 
London Metal Exchange approved, non-United Kingdom bonded warehouses or secure vaults; 
"Commodity Murabaha Investment" means, in relation to a Murabaha Contract, the sale of certain 
Commodities by the Trustee to the Buyer, which Commodities were initially purchased by the Trustee 
using a proportion of the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, pursuant to this Agreement and having 
the terms set out in the relevant Murabaha Contract; 
"Commodity Purchase Price" means, in relation to each Series and the corresponding Murabaha Contract, 
the aggregate amount payable to the relevant Commodity Supplier by or on behalf of the Trustee for the 
purchase of the Commodities from the relevant Commodity Supplier by the Trustee, specified as such in 
the relevant Notice of Request to Purchase and which amount shall be equal to the relevant Murabaha 
Investment Amount; 
"Commodity Supplier" means the vendor of Commodities as specified in the relevant Notice of Request 
to Purchase; 
"Deferred Sale Price" means, in relation to a Murabaha Contract, the aggregate of the applicable 
Commodity Purchase Price and Murabaha Profit and specified as such in the Offer Notice and Notice of 
Request to Purchase; 
"Distribution Determination Date" means, in relation to a Series, the Business Day immediately 
preceding each Distribution Date; 
"Distribution Period" means, in relation to a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the First Distribution Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) a Distribution Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Distribution Date; 
"Eligibility Criteria" means, in respect of any Ijara Assets or Tangible Sukuk, the relevant Ijara Asset or 
Tangible Sukuk is an asset: 
(a) 
which constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Asset Obligor thereof in 
the jurisdiction in which such Asset Obligor is located and, in the case of an Ijara Asset, in the 
jurisdiction in which the related asset in respect of such Ijara Asset is located; 
(b) 
in respect of which the Seller is entitled to receive all payments or proceeds of sale (as the case 
may be); and 
(c) 
in respect of which the relevant Asset Obligor under the related Asset Contract is not in breach of 
its payment obligations in respect of that Asset Contract; 
"Eligible Asset" means Ijara Assets or Tangible Sukuk which comply with the Eligibility Criteria; 
"Exercise Notice" means: 
(a) 
in connection with the Purchase Undertaking, a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 
1 (Form of Exercise Notice) of the Purchase Undertaking; and 
(b) 
in connection with the Sale Undertaking, a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 
(Form of Exercise Notice) of the Sale Undertaking; 
"Exercise Price" means, in relation to each Series, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding for the relevant Series; plus

--- Page 181 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 169 - 
75-40744906 
 
(b) 
all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to such Certificates; plus 
(c) 
an amount equal to the Outstanding Liquidity Amount (if any) relating to such Series; plus 
(d) 
without duplication or double counting, an amount representing any amounts payable by the 
Trustee (in any capacity) in relation to such Series under the Transaction Documents (including 
but not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the Delegate, any unpaid Service Agent 
Liabilities Amounts and any other Priority Amounts which remain outstanding at the Dissolution 
Event Redemption Date or Scheduled Dissolution Date (as the case may be)); plus 
(e) 
any other amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, all amounts in respect of 
the outstanding Deferred Sale Price which have been paid into the Transaction Account in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement and which shall be available on the 
applicable Dissolution Date to pay a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on redemption 
of the Certificates; and 
(g) 
the amounts (if any) that were standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account relating 
to that Series and which have been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the 
Servicing Agency Agreement and which shall be available on the applicable Dissolution Date to 
pay a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates; 
"Expected Income Revenues Amount" means, in relation to each Series, the amount specified as such in 
the Services Schedule; 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to each Series, the applicable final terms of that Series as completed by 
the Trustee at the time of issue of that Series; 
"First Distribution Date" means, in relation to each Series, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Services Schedule; 
"Ijara Asset" means an asset in relation to which APICORP or any person on its behalf has entered into an 
Ijara Contract (and includes that Ijara Contract and all rights of the lessor under such Ijara Contract); 
provided, however, that such asset is in existence on the date on which it forms part of the relevant 
Portfolio; 
"Ijara Contract" means: 
(a) 
an ijara contract entered into by APICORP or any person on its behalf (as lessor) and another 
person (as lessee) pursuant to which the lessor leases an asset to the lessee, and in respect of which 
payments are due from the lessee to the lessor, including any other agreements or documents 
associated with that contract; and 
(b) 
any arrangement similar in economic effect to that described in paragraph (a) above including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, a forward lease contract based on ijara mousoofah fizzimmah where the 
relevant asset has been delivered to, or to the order of, the relevant lessee under that contract; 
"Impaired Asset" means the Assets in respect of which an Impaired Asset Event has occurred and specified 
as such in an Impaired Asset Exercise Notice; 
"Impaired Asset Event"has the meaning given to it in "Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents 
– Servicing Agency Agreement"; 
"Impaired Asset Exercise Date" means the date specified as such in an Impaired Asset Exercise Notice; 
"Impaired Asset Exercise Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of 
Impaired Asset Exercise Notice) of the Purchase Undertaking;

--- Page 182 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 170 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Impaired Asset Exercise Price" means the amount specified as such in an Impaired Asset Exercise Notice 
which shall be no less than the Total Value of the Impaired Asset(s) specified in such Impaired Asset 
Exercise Notice; 
"Income Revenues" means, in relation to a Series, all revenues in respect of the relevant Assets other than 
Principal Revenues and all payments of the Murabaha Profit component of the relevant Deferred Sale Price 
under the relevant Commodity Murabaha Investment; 
"Initial Assets" means, in relation to each Series, the Eligible Assets specified as such in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intangible Sukuk Asset" means, in relation to Tangible Sukuk, the intangible portion of such Tangible 
Sukuk that does not comprise the Tangible Sukuk Assets of such Tangible Sukuk; 
"Murabaha Contract" means, in relation to each relevant Tranche, an individual contract for the sale of 
Commodities at a deferred sale price and made pursuant to the Murabaha Master Agreement by the delivery 
of both an Offer Notice by the Trustee to the Buyer and the subsequent countersignature of such Offer 
Notice by the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Murabaha Investment Amount" means, in relation to each relevant Tranche, the relevant amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applied in the acquisition of Commodities by or on behalf of 
the Trustee for the purposes of the entry into of a Murabaha Contract pursuant to the terms of the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, and which shall be equal to (a) the Intangible Asset Percentage as specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of that Tranche; less (b) the 
Total Value of the Intangible Sukuk Assets (if any) comprising the Assets on the Issue Date of that Tranche; 
"Murabaha Profit" means, in relation to each Murabaha Contract, the amount specified as such in the 
Notice of Request to Purchase and the Offer Notice; 
"New Assets" means Eligible Assets specified as such in a New Asset Transfer Agreement or Substitution 
Notice (as the case may be), the identity of which shall be determined by APICORP in its sole and absolute 
discretion subject to the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or Sale Undertaking (as applicable); 
"New Asset Transfer Agreement" means an agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 5 of 
the Purchase Undertaking; 
"Notice of Request to Purchase" means the Notice of Request to Purchase to be delivered by the Buyer to 
the Trustee substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Form of Purchase Order) of the Master 
Murabaha Agreement; 
"Offer Notice" means the letter to be issued by the Trustee to the Buyer substantially in the form set out in 
Schedule 2 (Form of Offer Notice) of the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
"Optional Dissolution Certificates" means, in respect of an exercise of an Optional Dissolution Right, the 
Certificates which are the subject of the relevant Exercise Notice; 
"Optional Dissolution Exercise Price" means, in relation to each Series, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Optional Dissolution Certificates; plus 
(b) 
all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the Optional Dissolution 
Certificates; plus 
(c) 
if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Liquidity Amount (if any) relating to such Series; plus 
(d) 
if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, without duplication or double counting, an 
amount representing any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) under the Transaction 
Documents (including but not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the Delegate, any

--- Page 183 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 171 - 
75-40744906 
 
unpaid Service Agent Liabilities Amounts and any other Priority Amounts which remain 
outstanding as at the Optional Dissolution Date); plus 
(e) 
any other amounts payable in relation to the Certificates being redeemed on the exercise of the 
Optional Dissolution Right as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, all amounts in respect of 
the outstanding Deferred Sale Price which have been paid into the Transaction Account in 
accordance with clause 7.1.7 of the Master Murabaha Agreement and which shall be available on 
the Optional Dissolution Date to pay a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on redemption 
of the Certificates being redeemed following exercise of the Optional Dissolution Right; and 
(g) 
the amounts (if any) that were standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account relating 
to that Series and which have been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the 
Servicing Agency Agreement and which shall be available on the Optional Dissolution Date to pay 
a proportion of the aggregate amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates being redeemed 
following the exercise of the Optional Dissolution Right; 
"Optional Dissolution Proportion" means such proportion of the relevant Deferred Sale Price as is 
determined by dividing (i) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates being redeemed 
pursuant to the Optional Dissolution Right by (ii) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates 
of the relevant Series; 
"Outstanding Liquidity Amount" means, in relation to each Series, the amount (if any) of funding 
provided under a Liquidity Facility pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agency Agreement for the 
relevant Series and which has not been settled in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agency 
Agreement; 
"Principal Revenues" means, in relation to a Series, all revenues in respect of the relevant Assets which 
comprise amounts in the nature of sale, capital or principal payments (including, without limitation, any 
total loss and expropriation related insurance proceeds and indemnity payments) and including any amounts 
payable by the Service Agent under certain provisions of the Servicing Agency Agreement and amounts in 
respect of payments of Impaired Asset Exercise Prices; 
"Portfolio" means, in relation to each Series, the Assets held by the Trustee and the Commodity Murabaha 
Investment, in each case, in relation to the relevant Series;  
"Priority Amounts" means any amounts described in Condition 5.2(a) and/or 5.2(b); 
"Required Amount" means, in relation to each Series and each relevant Periodic Distribution Date, an 
amount equal to the Periodic Distribution Amount payable on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Service Agent Liabilities Amount" means, in relation to each Series and each corresponding Distribution 
Determination Date, the amount of any claims, losses, costs and expenses properly incurred or suffered by 
the Service Agent or other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee, in each case in 
providing the Services during the Distribution Period ending on such Distribution Determination Date, but, 
for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any amount due to the Service Agent under the Servicing 
Agency Agreement in respect of any Liquidity Facility; 
"Services Schedule" means, in relation to a Series, the services schedule substantially in the form set out 
in Schedule 1 (Services Schedule) of the Servicing Agency Agreement; 
"Shortfall Amount" means, in relation to a shortfall on a Distribution Determination Date, the difference 
between the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Required Amount payable 
on the Periodic Distribution Date falling one (1) business day after such Distribution Determination Date; 
"Substituted Assets" means any or all of the Assets specified as such in a Substitution Notice; 
"Substitution Date" means the date specified as such in a Substitution Notice;

--- Page 184 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 172 - 
75-40744906 
 
"Substitution Notice" means, in relation to a Series, a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 
1 (Form of Substitution Notice) of the Sale Undertaking; 
"Sukuk Assets" means, in relation to each Series, the Assets and the Commodity Murabaha Investment (if 
any) in respect of that Series; 
"Supplemental Purchase Agreement" means, in respect of a Series, an agreement substantially in the 
form set out in Schedule 1 of the Master Purchase Agreement; 
"Tangible Assets" means Ijara Assets and/or Tangible Sukuk Assets; 
"Tangible Sukuk" means Sukuk certificates that are owned by the Seller and meet the Shari'a requirements 
of tradability, as determined by AAOIFI; 
"Tangible Sukuk Asset" means, in relation to Tangible Sukuk, the portion of such Tangible Sukuk 
corresponding to the minimum tangibility requirement (expressed as a percentage) that: (i) is required to 
be satisfied during the tenor of such Tangible Sukuk post the issue date thereof; or (ii) if there is no such 
requirement, was required to be satisfied on the relevant issue date of such Tangible Sukuk, in the case of 
each of (i) or (ii), as further detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such Tangible Sukuk; 
"Tangibility Event Certificates" means, in relation to a Series in respect of an exercise of the right granted 
under the Purchase Undertaking, the Certificates specified as such in the relevant Exercise Notice; 
"Tangibility Ratio" means in respect of a Series of Certificates, the ratio of: (i) the aggregate Total Value 
of the Assets (excluding any Principal Revenues and Intangible Sukuk Assets) comprising the relevant 
Sukuk Assets to; (ii) the aggregate Total Value of the relevant Sukuk Assets; 
"Taxes" means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature;  
"Total Value" means, on any date, the amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Service Agent 
on the relevant date as being equal to: 
(a) 
in respect of an Ijara Asset which is leased on an ijara muntahiah bittamleek basis, the aggregate 
of all outstanding fixed rentals; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ijara Asset which is not leased on an ijara muntahiah bittamleek basis, the 
outstanding base amounts; 
(c) 
in respect of Tangible Sukuk: 
(i) 
in the case of the Tangible Sukuk Assets comprising such Tangible Sukuk, the product of 
(A) the outstanding face amount of such Tangible Sukuk; and (B) the minimum tangibility 
requirement (expressed as a percentage) that (i) is required to be satisfied during the tenor 
of such Tangible Sukuk post the issue date thereof; or (ii) if there is no such requirement, 
was required to be satisfied on the relevant issue date of such Tangible Sukuk, in the case 
of each of (i) or (ii), as further detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such 
Tangible Sukuk; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the Intangible Sukuk Assets (if any) comprising such Tangible Sukuk, the 
amount equal to (A) the outstanding face amount of such Tangible Sukuk; less (B) the 
aggregate amount calculated in accordance with (i) above; 
(d) 
in respect of any Principal Revenues, the amount of such Principal Revenues outstanding to the 
credit of the Principal Collection Account; and 
(e) 
a Commodity Murabaha Investment, the aggregate of all outstanding amounts of Deferred Sale 
Price remaining to be paid in respect of such Commodity Murabaha Investment on or after the 
relevant date; and 
"Transfer Agreement" means a transfer agreement in the form set out in the relevant schedules of the 
Purchase Undertaking and Sale Undertaking;

--- Page 185 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 173 - 
75-40744906 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Certificates. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Certificates. Prospective 
purchasers of any Certificates should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws 
of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes of acquiring, holding and disposing of the relevant 
Certificates and receiving payments under those Certificates. This summary is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which 
is subject to prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any 
investor's particular circumstances and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under 
Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws payments on Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not 
be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any 
holder of Certificates nor will gains derived from the disposal of Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands 
income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax 
and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue, transfer 
or redemption of Certificates. An instrument transferring title to any Certificates, if brought to or executed 
in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration fee is 
payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to 
the nominal amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is approximately 
U.S.$853.66. The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject 
to change therein. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of the Certificates should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Certificates 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign

--- Page 186 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 174 - 
75-40744906 
 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
The Trustee may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
the UAE and the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Certificates, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Certificates, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Certificates issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Certificates (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Certificateholders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Certificates.

--- Page 187 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 175 - 
75-40744906 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") 
dated 12 October 2021, agreed with the Trustee and APICORP a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Certificates. In accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement, each of the Trustee and APICORP has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Certificates under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Certificates may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates: (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Certificates comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an available exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration under the Securities Act, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Certificates during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Certificates comprising the relevant 
Tranche, as described above, any offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by any dealer 
(whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Terms used in these paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Certificates to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Trustee or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe

--- Page 188 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 176 - 
75-40744906 
 
for the Certificates and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Certificates having a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Trustee; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Certificates in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Trustee; and 
(f) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Certificates to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 189 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 177 - 
75-40744906 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell any Certificates except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who 
are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence); 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that no invitation or offer, whether directly or 
indirectly, to subscribe for any Certificates has been or will be made to the public in the Cayman Islands. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Certificates have not been and will not 
be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in 
compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of 
securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme to any person in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(i) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority rulebook (the "DFSA Rulebook"); and 
(ii) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Japan 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold Certificates, and that it will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Certificates in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the

--- Page 190 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 178 - 
75-40744906 
 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Certificates or caused such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Certificates or cause the Certificates to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each terms as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates, except for Certificates which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted 
to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Certificates which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 191 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 179 - 
75-40744906 
 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia 
under the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the "CMSA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that the Certificates have not been and will not be offered or sold, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor 
may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other than to 
persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 
229(1)(b), and Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together 
with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive 
of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory 
authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from the 
Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian residents 
concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, 
offer, sale or purchase of the Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Certificates is a private 
placement under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board 
of the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017 (as 
amended, the "KSA Regulations"), made through an authorised person licensed to carry out arranging 
activities by the CMA, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to sophisticated investors under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer 
under Article 10 of, or as otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that any offer of Certificates made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the 
KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Certificates pursuant to a private 
placement under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Certificates to any person unless the offer 
or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and 
will not offer, deliver or sell at any time, directly or indirectly, any Certificates in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations 
of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); and (b) through persons or corporate entities 
authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in 
respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base 
Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Exchange, the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority and is only intended for 
specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article

--- Page 192 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 180 - 
75-40744906 
 
3), will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman (as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law) or Article 3, nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk 
Regulation issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(b) 
the Certificates issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation 
to subscribe for or to purchase the Certificates has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor 
may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Oman to any person 
in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to market 
non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, 
including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 
1/2009, as amended). 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Certificates in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) as part of the initial distribution of the 
Certificates. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and 
belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers any Certificates or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate nor any 
of the other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, APICORP, the Delegate and any of the Dealers represents, warrants and agrees that 
Certificates may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating any such sale. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Certificates may come must inform themselves about and observe any applicable restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Certificates. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions 
agreed between the Trustee, APICORP and the relevant Dealer and set out in the subscription agreement 
or dealer accession letter (as applicable).

--- Page 193 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 181 - 
75-40744906 
 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Certificates may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
BENCHMARK 
ADMINISTRATOR 
ADMINISTRATOR 
APPEARS 
ON 
ESMA 
BENCHMARKS 
REGISTER? 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes, 
European 
Money 
Markets Institute is authorised 
under Article 34 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation  
SHIBOR 
The National Interbank Funding Center 
No 
HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
CNH HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR 
Banks Association of Turkey 
No 
SIBOR 
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte 
Ltd 
Yes, 
ABS 
Benchmarks 
Administration Co Pte Ltd has 
equivalence under Article 30 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation  
EIBOR 
UAE Central Bank 
No 
TIBOR 
JBA TIBOR Administration 
No 
SAIBOR 
Saudi Arabia Monetary Authority 
No 
BBSW 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Yes, 
ASX 
Benchmarks 
Limited has equivalence under 
Article 
30 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks Regulation 
PRIBOR 
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
Yes, 
Czech 
Financial 
Benchmark Facility s.r.o. is 
authorised under Article 34 of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
SOFR 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
No 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SHIBOR, HIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR 
or TRYLIBOR, EIBOR, TIBOR, SOFR and SAIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Trustee is aware, EIBOR does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. As far as the 
Trustee and APICORP are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that The National Interbank Funding Center, Treasury Markets Association, Banks 
Association of Turkey, Association of Banks in Singapore, JBA TIBOR Administration, Saudi Arabia 
Monetary Authority or The Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not currently required to obtain

--- Page 194 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 182 - 
75-40744906 
 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).

--- Page 195 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 183 - 
75-40744906 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Certificates thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Trustee dated 8 July 2021. The Trustee has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in the Cayman Islands in connection with the issue and performance 
of Certificates to be issued under the Programme and the execution and performance of the Transaction 
Documents. The entry into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly authorised by 
resolutions 185/2/2019 and 58/1/2021 of the board of directors of APICORP dated 13 April 2019 and 27 
February 2021, respectively. 
LISTING OF CERTIFICATES 
It is expected that each Tranche of Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of one or more Global Certificates initially representing the Certificates of such Tranche. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
Application has been made to the DFSA for Certificates issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
DFSA Official List. An application may be made for any Tranche of Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on Nasdaq Dubai. 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Trustee in relation 
to the Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Certificates to the Official List or to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies (and English 
translations where the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will, when 
published, be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London: 
(a) 
the Master Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee; 
(c) 
the Establishing Agreement; 
(d) 
APICORP registration certificate number 2050003977 dated 5/11/1396H (corresponding to 29 
October 1976); 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and applicable 
Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein. 
The document(s) listed above in: 
• 
paragraph (a) will also be available for viewing on the website of APICORP at: 
https://www.apicorp.org;  
• 
paragraph (b) will also be available for viewing at: https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/2015-05-04-Memorandum-and-Articles-of-Association-ROC-
APICORP-Sukuk-Limited.pdf;

--- Page 196 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 184 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
paragraph 
(c) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.apicorp.org/organization/establishing-agreement;  
• 
paragraph (d) will also be available for viewing at: https://www.apicorp.org/investor-
relations/compliance-aml-statement; and  
• 
paragraph (e) will also be available for viewing on the website of Nasdaq Dubai at: 
www.nasdaqdubai.com. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). 
The appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument 
Short Name (FISN) and/or Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
TRUSTEE'S LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code is 549300ULCH8IWYBS5X93. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Trustee and 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of APICORP or of 
the Group since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of APICORP 
or of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
LITIGATION 
None of the Trustee, APICORP or any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Trustee or APICORP is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Trustee, APICORP or the Group. 
AUDITORS 
The Trustee is not required by Cayman Islands law to publish audited financial statements or appoint any 
auditors. 
The 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements have been audited without qualification 
by KPMG Fakhro. KPMG Fakhro conducted its audits in respect of the 2020 Financial Statements and 
2019 Financial Statements in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing issued by the 
International Federation of Accountants through the International Auditing and Assurance Standards 
Board.  
The business address of KPMG Fakhro is Fakhro Tower, 12th Floor, P.O. Box 710, Manama, Kingdom of 
Bahrain. KPMG Fakhro is registered with the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism in Bahrain. 
Some of the professionals of KPMG Fakhro are members in the Bahrain Accountants Association and/or 
international other professional bodies.

--- Page 197 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 185 - 
75-40744906 
 
ISSUER WEBSITE 
APICORP's website is https://www.apicorp.org/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
SHARI'A ADVISERS 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been 
approved by the Executive Shari'a Committee of HSBC Saudi Arabia, the Global Shari'a Supervisory 
Committee of Standard Chartered Bank and the Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision 
Committee. Further information on the composition of each of these is disclosed below. 
Executive Shari'a Committee of HSBC Saudi Arabia 
• 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby studied traditional Islamic studies under the guidance of eminent Islamic 
scholars from different parts of the world. He has a BA in economics and comparative religions 
and MSc in finance from the McGill University, Canada. He has a PhD in Islamic law from the 
University of Wales. In addition to advising Islamic finance institutions and funds, Dr. Nizam 
Yaquby is a member of the Islamic Fiqh Academy and AAOIFI. Since 1976, Dr. Yaquby has taught 
Tafsir, Hadith and Fiqh in Bahrain and is a Shari'a Advisor to several international and local 
financial institutions world-wide. He has also published several articles and books on various 
Islamic subjects including on banking and finance. 
• 
Dr. Mohamed Ali ElGari 
Dr. Mohamed holds a PhD in Economics from the University of California. He is a professor of 
Islamic Economics at King Abdul Aziz University. He is an expert at the Islamic Jurisprudence 
Academies of the Organisation of Islamic Countries and has published several articles and books 
on Islamic Finance. Dr. Elgari is a member of the Shari'a Board of many Islamic banks and on the 
Takaful companies including that of Dow Jones International Islamic Fund Market. He also sits on 
the Shari'a Board of AAOIFI and is a member of the Advisory Board of Harvard Series on Islamic 
Law. 
• 
Dr. Aznan Hasan 
Dr. Aznan Hasan is an Associate Professor in Islamic Law at Ahmad Ibrahim Kulliyyah of Laws, 
International Islamic University Malaysia. He has been teaching Islamic law at the University since 
2003. He is also President of the Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance and has been 
Deputy Chairman of the Shariah Advisory Council, Securities Commission of Malaysia since July 
2010. He was previously a member of the Shariah Advisory Council, Bank Negara Malaysia 
(November 2006-August 2008, November 2010-October 2013). He is also the Chairman of the 
Shariah Supervisory Board, Shariah Advisory Committee, Barclays DIFC (April 2011-present). 
He is Shariah adviser to Maybank Islamic in Malaysia and has been advising ABSA Islamic 
Banking, South Africa since July 2010. 
Global Shari'a Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank 
• 
Dr. Nizam Yaquby 
See the description of Dr. Nizam Yaquby set out above. 
• 
Dr. Mohamed Ali ElGari 
See the description of Dr. Mohamed Ali ElGari set out above. 
• 
Dr. Aznan Hasan 
See the description of Dr. Aznan Hasan set out above. 
Emirates NBD Islamic Internal Shariah Supervision Committee

--- Page 198 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 186 - 
75-40744906 
 
• 
Dr. Mohammad Abdul Rahim Sultan Al Olama 
Sheikh Dr. Mohammed is a member of the Grand Islamic Scholars Body in Dubai, an Associate 
Professor of the School of Shari'ah at the United Arab Emirates University in Al Ain and an 
acknowledged expert in Shari'ah finance. Dr. Al Olama is also the head of the Fatwa Committee 
of the Zakat Funds in the United Arab Emirates. Dr. Al Olama has written extensively on modern 
Islamic finance and has presented numerous research papers at various international conferences. 
He currently serves on a number of Shari'ah boards representing Islamic financial institutions and 
Takaful companies. Dr. Al Olama holds a PhD in Comparative Islamic Law from Umm Al Qurra 
University in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. 
• 
Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali 
Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali is an assistant professor at the Department of Shari'ah and Islamic Studies at 
the College of Law at the United Arab Emirates University. He was educated in the United 
Kingdom, where he had received his PhD in Financial Law from University of London. He holds 
a bachelor in Shari'ah (Jurisprudence and its Fundamentals) and a master in Islamic Banking and 
finance. Dr. Al-Ali was also a part-time lecturer for the LLM program at the BPP Law School, 
BPP University based in London, where he lectured on a broad spectrum of jurisprudence including 
Islamic, English, and comparative laws. Dr. Salim Ali Al-Ali is a member of internal Shari'ah 
supervision committee for a number of institutions offering Islamic financial services including 
HSBC Bank plc, Abu Dhabi First Bank and Emirates NBD Bank PJSC. He is an author of a book 
entitled "Raising capital on sukuk markets: structural, legal and regulatory issues". 
• 
Dr. Mohamed Ali ElGari 
See the description of Dr. Mohamed Ali ElGari set out above. 
• 
Dr Amin Fateh Amer  
Dr. Amin Fateh holds a bachelor's and master's degree in honorable Hadith, and a PhD in Islamic 
studies. He has been part of the Islamic Banking industry ever since its early stages in 1988, 
initially contributing to the Shari'ah compliance function of Kuwait Finance House. For more than 
a decade he has lead Islamic Shari'ah advisory company called Minhaj. He is currently a member 
of a number of Shari'ah boards and committees in the UAE and across the world. He has lectured 
in many universities. 
• 
Dr Muhammad Qaseem 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem is a well-known Shari'a scholar and Islamic banking expert. He is the 
Chairman of the Shari'a Board of Deutsche Bank Malaysia and Emaan Islamic Banking of Silk 
Bank Ltd. He is also a member of the ISSC of Dubai Islamic Bank and ENBD. Dr. Qaseem has 
also served as Shari'a Board member of Central Bank of Pakistan, DFM, ADCB etc. the State 
Bank of Pakistan and many other Islamic banks. Dr. Qaseem has taught at the University of 
Islamabad for more than two decades. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE TRUSTEE AND APICORP 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Trustee or APICORP (and 
its affiliates) in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Trustee, APICORP or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a financing relationship with the Trustee, APICORP or their 
respective affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Trustee, APICORP or their respective 
affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Certificates. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Certificates. The

--- Page 199 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 187 - 
75-40744906 
 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
DELEGATE'S ACTION 
The Conditions and the Master Trust Deed provide for the Delegate to take action on behalf of the 
Certificateholders in certain circumstances, but only if the Delegate is indemnified and/or secured and/ or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Delegate shall not be obliged to take any such actions if not indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. Negotiating and agreeing to an indemnity and/or 
security and/or pre-funding can be a lengthy process and may impact on when such actions can be taken. 
The Delegate may not be able to take actions, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity and/or security 
and/or prefunding to it, in breach of the terms and conditions governing the relevant Certificates or the 
relevant Transaction Documents and/or in circumstances where there is uncertainty or dispute as to the 
applicable laws or regulations and, to the extent permitted by the relevant Transaction Documents and the 
applicable law, it will be for the holders of the relevant Certificates to take such actions directly. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act (as Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
DPA) on 18 May 2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPA introduces legal 
requirements for the Trustee based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.  
Potential investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the associated 
interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Trustee with 
personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, 
employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals 
may be providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, the Trustee 
Administrator) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the 
DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or 
delegates, such as the Trustee Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own 
right in some circumstances).  
For further information on the application of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a 
copy of which may be requested from the Trustee Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which 
provides an outline of investors' data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in 
the Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 200 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 188 - 
75-40744906 
 
ISSUER AND TRUSTEE 
 
APICORP Sukuk Limited 
MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093 
Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman 
KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands 
 
APICORP 
 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
Head Office Building 
Dammam Coastal Road 
Al Rakkah 
PO Box 9599 
31423 Dammam 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
 
DELEGATE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris  
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 201 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 189 - 
75-40744906 
 
AUDITOR TO APICORP 
 
KPMG Fakhro 
Fakhro Tower 
12th Floor 
P.O. Box 710 
Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer and Trustee as to Cayman Islands law 
 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
To APICORP as to English law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Happiness Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English law 
To the Delegate as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 202 ---
10202450003-v87 
- 190 - 
75-40744906 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
Broadwalk House 
5 Appold Street 
London, EC2A 2DA 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
DEALERS 
 
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.) 
PO Box 5698 
Diplomatic Area, Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
Broadwalk House 
5 Appold Street 
London, EC2A 2DA 
United Kingdom 
 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316, Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
 
Gulf International Bank B.S.C. 
3 Palace Avenue 
P.O. Box 1017 
Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
SNB Capital 
King Saud Road 
SNB Regional Building 
Tower B 
4th Floor 
P.O. Box 22216 
Riyadh 11495 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates