--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO: (i) QIBs (AS DEFINED 
BELOW) WHO ARE ALSO QPs (AS DEFINED BELOW); OR (ii) CERTAIN NON-U.S. PERSONS 
OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following notice applies to the 
attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this notice, and you are therefore advised to 
read this carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers 
(each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR 
LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON 
TO, THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. RATHER, THE COMMUNICATION OF 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE 
PERSONS WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO 
INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND 
MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 (THE "ORDER") OR HIGH NET 
WORTH ENTITIES, AND OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY LAWFULLY BE 
COMMUNICATED, FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER (EACH SUCH 
PERSON BEING REFERRED TO AS A "RELEVANT PERSON"). 
THIS COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED 
KINGDOM AND ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS 
COMMUNICATION RELATES WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH PERSONS. NO 
PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE 
ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
Confirmation of your representation: By accessing the Base Prospectus you confirm to us that: (i) you 
understand and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus and 
any amendments or supplements thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the Base 
Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to 
any other person; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any credit, 
investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe or 
purchase any of the Notes. In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the securities, investors must be either: (a) Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") 
(within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) who are also qualified purchasers ("QPs") 
(within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), or 
acting on behalf of such QIBs who are also QPs; or (b) non-U.S. person outside the United States. The Base 
Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing the Base Prospectus, you

--- Page 2 ---
shall be deemed to have represented to us that: (1) you and any customers you represent are either: (x) QIBs 
who are also QPs, or (y) non-U.S. persons and outside the United States, its territories and possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Marina Islands), any State of the United States or the District of Columbia; (2) unless you are a QIB who 
is also a QP or acting on behalf of a QIB who is also a QP, the electronic mail address that you gave us and 
to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States; (3) you are a person who is 
permitted under applicable law and regulation to receive the Base Prospectus; and (4) you consent to 
delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus 
to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or 
the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that an offering 
of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers and Dealers or any 
affiliate of the applicable Arrangers or Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering 
shall be deemed to be made by such Arranger or Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer or holders 
of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or 
purchase the securities are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of 
the information contained in the Base Prospectus and relevant Final Terms. The Base Prospectus may only 
be communicated to persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where Section 21(1) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility whatsoever 
for the contents of the Base Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to be made by any of them, 
or on their behalf, in connection with the Issuer or any offer. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers, any person who controls them or any director, 
officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility 
whatsoever in respect of any difference between the base prospectus distributed to you in electronic format 
and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers. Please 
ensure that your copy is complete. If you received the Base Prospectus by e-mail, you should not reply by 
e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the 
"reply" function on your e-mail software, will be ignored or rejected. You are responsible for protecting 
against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk, and it is your 
responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ARAB PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS CORPORATION 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
                                                   ___________________________________ 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Arab Petroleum Investments 
Corporation (the "Issuer" or "APICORP") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 
12 months from the date of approval. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under this Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
(the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). Such approval 
relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and have been admitted 
to listing on the Official List. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the EEA and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer has been assigned long term ratings of Aa2 (stable) by Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
("Moody's") and AA (stable) by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch"). Moody's is established in the European Union 
("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
The rating assigned by Moody's has been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited and has not been 
withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Fitch Ratings Ltd.is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EU and 
has not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The rating assigned by Fitch has been 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and has not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland limited is 
established in the EU and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") website at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch and Moody's Investors Service Limited 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued

--- Page 4 ---
under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "Benchmark Regulation". 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together 
the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this 
Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S 
Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and the offer or sale is made in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the 
Securities Act and within the United States only to persons who are "qualified institutional buyers" 
("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act who are also "qualified 
purchasers" ("QPs") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). See "Forms of the Notes" for a description of the 
manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs 
International 
Standard Chartered Bank 
DEALERS 
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB 
EMIRATES NBD 
BANK PJSC 
GOLDMAN SACHS 
INTERNATIONAL 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
LANDESBANK 
BADEN-
WÜRTTEMBERG 
STANDARD 
CHARTERED BANK 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 July 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
- i - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche of Notes (as defined herein) issued under the Programme. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Certain information contained in "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Group" (as indicated therein) has 
been extracted from independent, third party sources. The Issuer confirms that all third party information 
contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party sources, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information appears in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "Conditions") as supplemented by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer and the Group, and to the Notes, which is 
material in the context of the Programme or the issue and offering of the Notes (including all information 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Group and the Programme or the Notes, is 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer and the Group); all 
statements of fact relating to the Issuer, the Group and to the Programme or the Notes contained in this 
Base Prospectus are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading; and that there are no 
other facts in relation to the Issuer, the Group and to the Programme or the Notes the omission of which 
would in the context of the Programme or the issue and offering of the Notes make any statement in this 
Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect; the statements of intention, opinion, belief or 
expectation with regard to the Issuer and the Group contained in this Base Prospectus are honestly and 
reasonably made or held; and all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain and verify 
the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to 
the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them have independently verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accept any liability in relation to the information contained or

--- Page 6 ---
- ii - 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme, nor is any responsibility or liability accepted by them for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the Base 
Prospectus or the issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in 
tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this 
Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention. Investors should review the most recently published documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be 
made by the Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer 
form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes may be offered and sold: (i) in bearer form or registered form outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S; and (ii) in registered form within the United States to qualified 
institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A) in reliance on Rule 144A who are also qualified purchasers 
as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act. Prospective purchasers are hereby 
notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, 
sales and transfers of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".

--- Page 7 ---
- iii - 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR 
ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
EU MiFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET –  A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail

--- Page 8 ---
- iv - 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
– Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified: 
 
"APICORP" means Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation, a multilateral development bank; 
 
"Establishing Agreement" means the establishing agreement and statute for APICORP dated 23 
November 1975 to which the governments of the 10 OAPEC Member States are signatories; 
 
"GCC" means the Gulf Co-Operation Council; 
 
"Group" means APICORP and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates; 
 
a "Member State" means a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
 
"MENA" means the Middle East and North Africa region; 
 
"OAPEC" means Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
 
"OAPEC Member State" means each of the 10 member states of OAPEC, being the Democratic 
and Popular Republic of Algeria ("Algeria"), the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain"), the Arab 
Republic of Egypt ("Egypt"), the Republic of Iraq ("Iraq"), the State of Kuwait ("Kuwait"), the 
State of Libya ("Libya"), the State of Qatar ("Qatar"), the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudi 
Arabia"), the Syrian Arab Republic ("Syria") and the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE"); 
 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China; the Macao Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China and Taiwan); 
 
"Relevant Jurisdictions" mean each of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the UAE, Libya, Iraq, Qatar, 
Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt and Syria; and 
 
"Shareholders" means the member states which are shareholders of APICORP, as named in 
"Description of the Group—Overview". 
In addition, references in this Base Prospectus to "billion" are to a thousand million, references to "U.S.$", 
"U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, 
references to "ID" are to the lawful currency of Iraq; references to "LD" are to the lawful currency of Libya; 
references to "LE" are to the lawful currency of Egypt; references to "SR" or "SAR" are to the lawful 
currency of Saudi Arabia; references to "TD" are to the lawful currency of Tunisia; and references to 
"Renminbi", "CNH", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the PRC.

--- Page 9 ---
- v - 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed 
in U.S. dollars. The Group's functional currency is the U.S. dollar and the Group prepares its financial 
statements in U.S. dollars. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Additionally, the figure "0" is used to indicate that a specific figure has been rounded to zero, whereas a 
dash indicates that there is no value for that column or row. 
APICORP's website is www.apicorp.org. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The financial statements relating to the Group and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are: 
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the notes thereto and the audit report in respect thereof (the "2020 
Financial Statements"); and 
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the notes thereto and the audit report in respect thereof (the "2019 
Financial Statements" and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the "Financial 
Statements"). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") and interpretations issued 
by the International Financial Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee of the IASB (together, 
"IFRS"). 
APICORP's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to "2020", "2019" 
and "2018" are to the 12-month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
AUDITORS AND UNAUDITED INFORMATION 
The Financial Statements have been audited by KPMG Fakhro, independent auditors, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing, who have issued an unqualified report on each of the Financial 
Statements. The business address of KPMG Fakhro is 12th Floor, Fakhro Towers, PO Box 710, Manama, 
Kingdom of Bahrain. KPMG Fakhro is registered with the Ministry of Industry and Commerce in Bahrain. 
Some of the professionals of KPMG Fakhro are members of the Bahrain Accountants Association and/or 
international professional bodies.

--- Page 10 ---
- vi - 
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus is unaudited financial information which has been 
extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Group which form the underlying 
basis of the Financial Statements. 
CERTAIN NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS and which also constitutes alternative performance measures ("APMs") as defined in the 
European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. None of this 
financial information is subject to any audit or review by independent auditors. 
Capital ratios 
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital ratios, such as total and tier 1 capital ratios. Although 
these ratios are not IFRS measures, APICORP believes that they are important to understanding its capital 
position. APICORP's interpretation of any future planned ratios and the basis of its calculation of these 
ratios may be different from those of other financial institutions. See "Selected financial information – 
Selected financial ratios (APMs)". 
Although the Group is not subject to any regulatory-imposed capital regime, APICORP calculates its capital 
ratios at Group level in accordance with Basel II methodology. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning APICORP's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations 
and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", 
"may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These 
forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk factors – Factors that may affect 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" and "Description of 
the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. APICORP has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although APICORP believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward 
looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or 
uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which APICORP has otherwise identified in 
this Base Prospectus, or if APICORP's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, 
APICORP's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. Investors 
are therefore strongly advised to read the sections "Risk factors – Factors that may affect APICORP's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" and "Description of the Group", which 
include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on the Group's business 
development and on the industry sectors in which the Group operates. This section does not describe the 
risk factors required by Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation, and prospective investors in the Notes 
should read the certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme at the section "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the outcome of the COVID 19 pandemic on the global economy and the economies of the GCC 
and other countries and the impact this may have on the Group; 
 
the level of international oil and gas prices which are subject to significant fluctuations for reasons 
that are beyond APICORP's control; 
 
APICORP's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments it is 
undertaking or plans to undertake; 
 
APICORP's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments and capital expenditures; 
 
actions taken by APICORP's joint venture partners or associates that may not be in accordance 
with its policies and objectives;

--- Page 11 ---
- vii - 
 
the economic conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees operate; and 
 
changes in political, social or legal conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees 
operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, APICORP 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward 
looking statement is based. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in 
any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is defined by the 
CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold, at any time, directly or indirectly, 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public 
offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the 
Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the 
Qatar Financial Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State 
of Qatar. The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests 
therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not constitute debt 
financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under 
the laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the 
Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser.

--- Page 12 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 4 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 23 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 24 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 32 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 67 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ............................................................................................................. 78 
RISK MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................. 97 
CAPITALISATION ................................................................................................................................. 106 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 107 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS OF APICORP ........................................................................................................... 110 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 132 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 139 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 140 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................. 149 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 151 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 158 
BENCHMARK REGULATION .............................................................................................................. 161 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 162

--- Page 13 ---
- 1 - 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, is completed by the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus). 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: ............................................ 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: ..... 
213800A54KIUYH5YD185. 
Description: ................................... 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
The Programme is unlimited in amount. 
Risk Factors: ................................. 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. See "Risk Factors". 
Arrangers: ..................................... 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Goldman Sachs International 
and Standard Chartered Bank. 
Dealers: .......................................... 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg and Standard Chartered Bank, 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: .................... 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended) ("FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent in another currency, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: .......................... 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.

--- Page 14 ---
- 2 - 
Registrar: ...................................... 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: ................................. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(ii) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issuance in Series: ......................... 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Currencies: .................................... 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: .................................... 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully-paid basis, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: ..................................... 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Status of the Notes: ....................... 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
Form and Denomination of the 
Notes: .......................................... 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in "Forms of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. No Notes may be 
issued under the Programme with a minimum denomination of 
less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, a Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Listing and Trading: .................... 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.

--- Page 15 ---
- 3 - 
Clearing Systems: ......................... 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or the 
Depository Trust Company (the "DTC") and/or in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, a Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Negative Pledge:............................ 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).  
Rating: ........................................... 
The Issuer has been assigned long term ratings of Aa2 (stable) by 
Moody's and AA (stable) by Fitch. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: .......................... 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdictions or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to 
certain exceptions as set out in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Governing Law and Submission 
to Jurisdiction: ........................... 
The Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (together, the 
"Transaction 
Documents") 
and 
the 
Notes 
and 
any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
In respect of any dispute under the Notes and the Transaction 
Documents, the parties have consented to arbitration under the 
LCIA Rules. Any dispute may also be referred to the courts in 
England (which shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising from such documents). 
Selling Restrictions: ...................... 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of the Notes in the United States, the EEA, 
the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (the 
"DIFC")), the DIFC, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), Singapore, Japan, Hong Kong and the People's 
Republic of China. See "Subscription and Sale". 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: ............................... 
United States Selling Restrictions: Regulation S, Category 2. Rule 
144A/3(c)(7). TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, a 
Drawdown Prospectus. ERISA restrictions.

--- Page 16 ---
- 4 - 
RISK FACTORS 
APICORP believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
APICORP believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of APICORP to pay any amounts in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by APICORP based 
on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The occurrence of any of the risks described below, or any other risks not currently known to APICORP, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group. As used in this section, "material adverse effect" and 
any similar or related formulations mean a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, 
results of operations, business, liquidity, future prospects and reputation which, in turn, could negatively 
affect (i) APICORP's ability to make payments in respect of Notes issued under the Programme and/or (ii) 
the market price of any Notes so issued. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT APICORP'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, 
entities engaged in the oil and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States, 
which exposes it to significant economic and political risks 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, entities 
engaged in the oil and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States. As a result, the 
Group is exposed to a significant and lasting decline in oil and gas prices, such as that seen between mid-
2014 and the start of 2017, which is likely to adversely affect both its borrowers (as further described under 
"The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially increases its 
economic risks") and the economies of those of the OAPEC Member States which are heavily dependent 
on the energy sector. 
Additionally, the Group is also exposed to adverse political developments in or affecting any of the OAPEC 
Member States including, in particular, the GCC countries, Egypt and Syria (as further described under 
"The Group's business is concentrated in geographical terms, which materially increases its political 
risks"). 
Either one or more of these developments could materially negatively impact the business of the Group's 
equity investees or the ability of the Group's borrowers to pay interest or principal on their loans and could 
give rise to an increase in non-performing loans ("NPLs") in the Group's portfolio of loans and advances. 
The Group defines NPLs as loans and advances which it internally rates as DDD or below, see "Risk 
management—Credit risk management—Credit rating and measurement". 
Any increase in the Group's NPLs would in turn be likely to result in an increase in the Group's impairment 
charges that could adversely affect its profitability. 
Either of the developments described above would also be likely to result in, (i) an adverse effect on the 
value of the equity investments which the Group has made which could negatively affect the Group's other 
comprehensive income and could also result in certain investments being impaired, (ii) an adverse effect 
on the ability of the Group's equity investee companies to pay dividends to the Group, and/or (iii) potentially 
material losses if the Group is forced to divest such investments. 
In particular, since COVID 19 was first identified in China in late 2019 it has spread rapidly, infecting people 
around the world and causing a substantial number of deaths. Almost all countries that have been 
significantly affected have introduced measures to try to contain the spread of the virus, including temporary 
border closures and imposing restrictions on the movement of their citizens. The measures have adversely 
affected the economies of countries around the world. Since it was first identified, new variants of COVID 19 
have been identified and outbreaks of the virus have recurred in many countries, involving further restrictions

--- Page 17 ---
- 5 - 
being imposed to combat the virus. It is currently unclear how long any restrictions will be in place in any 
country and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies, as well as the oil and gas and 
energy industries on which the Group is focused. 
Further, international oil prices fell significantly in March and April 2020, in part driven by the failure of a 
plan proposed by OPEC officials to both the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC countries, including 
Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending the three-year 
partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC providers. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to 
extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. 
On 10 April 2020, OPEC announced an OPEC plus agreement designed to end the price war between Russia 
and Saudi Arabia. Nevertheless, oil prices continued to fall following the announcement as traders feared 
that the deal would not offset a historic drop in demand due to the COVID 19 outbreak. Oil prices gradually 
recovered from May 2020, see "—The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy 
sectors, which materially increases its economic risks" below for a more detailed discussion of the trends 
in oil prices.  Low oil prices are a particular threat to countries whose economies are dependent on their oil 
production. 
The Group's results of operations were adversely impacted in 2020 by COVID 19 and low oil prices. In 
particular, (i) the impact on its borrowers and debt investees resulted in impairment losses of U.S.$19.0 
million on loans and advances in 2020 compared to no such impairment losses in 2019, (ii) its dividend 
income from its equity investees fell by U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and 
its net interest income fell by U.S.£25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally 
driven by lower interest rates on its bank financing. 
The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially 
increases its economic risks 
As at 31 December 2020, 40.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion loans and advances were to 
borrowers in the oil and gas and energy industries (including maritime transport of related products). A 
breakdown of the Group's loan portfolio by sub-sector within these sectors is set out under "Management's 
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of certain 
statement of financial position items—Loans and advances—Portfolio sector and sub-sector 
concentration". In addition, most of the Group's U.S.$859.7 million equity securities held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") as at 31 December 2020 were issued by entities in the oil 
and gas and energy sectors and, as at the same date, the Group also owned U.S.$209.0 million in FVOCI 
debt securities issued by entities in the oil and gas sector. 
The oil and gas industry, in particular, has historically been cyclical with levels of investment and 
profitability in that sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which 
have fluctuated significantly over the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future. This 
volatility can be illustrated using the OPEC reference basket price, which is a price based on the average of 
the prices of petroleum blends that are produced by OPEC member countries. According to data produced by 
OPEC, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2018, 2019 and 2020 were U.S.$69.78 per 
barrel, U.S.$64.04 per barrel and U.S.$41.47 per barrel, respectively. In 2020 the average monthly OPEC 
reference basket price was U.S.$65.10 per barrel in January and fell to U.S.$33.92 per barrel in March and 
U.S.$17.66 per barrel in April. The average monthly OPEC reference basket price then generally increased 
throughout 2020 (with small dips in September and October) and was U.S.$49.17 in December 2020. The 
monthly average OPEC reference basket price continued to recover in 2021 and was U.S.$73.34 as at 30 
June 2021. In comparison, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices were around U.S.$100 in each 
of the four years preceding 2015 and were U.S.$49.49 in 2015, U.S.$40.76 in 2016 and U.S.$52.43 in 2017. 
Oil and gas prices may fluctuate in response to changes in many factors over which the Group has no 
control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
economic and political developments in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East, the 
United States and Russia; 
 
global and regional supply and demand dynamics, and expectations regarding future supply and 
demand, for oil and gas products;

--- Page 18 ---
- 6 - 
 
the ability of members of OPEC and other oil and gas producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
 
other actions taken by major oil and gas producing or consuming countries; 
 
increased utilisation of renewable or other energy sources or the widespread adoption of 
technologies which reduce demand for oil and gas; 
 
global economic and political conditions; 
 
natural disasters or pandemics such as the current COVID 19 pandemic; and 
 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
The Group mainly invests in longer-term projects. Significant and sustained declines in international oil 
and gas prices could materially and adversely impact the economics of the projects being financed by the 
Group, which could result in the projects being restructured or, in extreme cases, becoming unviable. In all 
cases where there is a significant and sustained decline in oil and gas prices, the Group is likely: 
 
to experience reduced dividend income from its equity investments - for example the Group's 
dividend income from its equity investments was U.S.$47.0 million in 2020, U.S.$67.7 million in 
2019 and U.S.$56.4 million in 2018; and/or 
 
to incur impairment losses on its lending to, and equity investments in, these projects, which could 
adversely affect its profitability. 
In addition, the fair value of the Group's debt securities issued at FVOCI by oil and gas sector entities may 
be adversely affected by a sustained decline in the oil and gas sector which could result in significant other 
comprehensive losses and, potentially, impairment charges. 
Reflecting the above, any future substantial decline in the oil and gas prices could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is concentrated in geographical terms, which materially increases its political 
risks 
As at 31 December 2020, 81.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion direct and syndicated lending was 
to borrowers in the GCC countries and a further 6.4 per cent. was to borrowers in North Africa, principally 
Egypt. A geographical breakdown of the Group's portfolio of loans and advances is set out under 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances—Portfolio geographical 
concentration". In addition, 91.9 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.0 billion direct and indirect equity 
investments (See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Equity investment portfolio") as at 
31 December 2020 were in Arab world countries, with seven out of a total of 19 Arab world direct equity 
investments being in companies in Saudi Arabia, three in Egypt, two in Libya, two in Kuwait and one each 
in Bahrain, Iraq, Tunisia, Jordan and the UAE, as well as an investment in the IFC Fund to invest in the 
MENA region. As at the same date, the Group also had U.S.$1,177.3 million in FVOCI debt securities 
issued by entities in the GCC and U.S.$316.0 million in placements with banks in the GCC. 
While some countries in the MENA region are seen as having a relatively stable political environment, a 
number of other jurisdictions in that region are not. Instability in the MENA region may result from a 
number of factors, including government or military regime change, civil unrest and terrorism. In particular, 
since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of MENA region countries, including Algeria, 
Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Syria (all of which are OAPEC Member States) and Jordan, 
Palestine, Oman, Tunisia and Yemen (which are not OAPEC Member States). This unrest has ranged from 
public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and the overthrow of existing leadership and has 
given rise to increased political uncertainty across the MENA region. There is an ongoing civil war in 
Libya, with multiple sides claiming to be the legitimate government in the country. Conflict in Yemen has 
expanded into a multinational conflict, with GCC countries becoming involved in military operations

--- Page 19 ---
- 7 - 
against the Al Houthi militia. Unrest in Syria and conflicts between multiple sides (including the 
government of Bashar al-Assad, numerous rebel groups and 'Islamic State of Iraq and Syria') have led to 
many countries, including Russia, Iran, the United States and other North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
forces, becoming involved with military operations in Syria, supporting different sides. 
Diplomatic relations between GCC nations and Qatar have also deteriorated with many GCC nations cutting 
full diplomatic ties. In June 2017, three GCC countries, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain, and two other 
regional countries, Egypt and Yemen, severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, cut transport links and imposed 
sanctions on Qatar. The stated rationale for these actions was Qatar's support of terrorist and extremist 
organisations and Qatar's interference in the internal affairs of other countries. In January 2021, diplomatic 
relations were restored between the countries applying sanctions and Qatar. 
The Group does not have operations in any of the countries currently affected by armed conflict, except in 
Libya where it has a direct equity investment in Arab Drilling and Workover Company (20 per cent. of 
equity), which has been revalued following its resumption of operations, and a direct equity investment in 
Arab Geophysical Exploration Services Company (16.7 per cent. of equity), which has been fully impaired. 
These investments together amount to less than 1.0 per cent. of APICORP's direct and indirect equity 
investment portfolio. See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Equity investment 
portfolio". 
There is no certainty that extremists or terrorist groups will not escalate violent activities in the MENA 
region or that any currently stable governments in the MENA region will be successful in maintaining the 
prevailing levels of domestic order and stability. It is not generally possible to predict the occurrence of 
events or circumstances, such as war or hostilities, or the impact of these occurrences, and no assurance can 
be given that the Group will be able to sustain the profitable operation of its business if adverse political 
events or circumstances that impact the countries in which it has significant investments occur. By way of 
example, in September 2019, drones were used to attack the state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Company 
("ARAMCO") oil processing facilities at Abqaiq and Khurais in eastern Saudi Arabia, causing a significant 
loss of production. 
Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected 
by political, economic or related developments outside the MENA region because of inter-relationships 
within the global financial markets. Moreover, there is no certainty that the governments of the countries 
to which the Group is particularly exposed will not implement restrictive fiscal or monetary policies or 
regulations, including changes with respect to interest rates and new legal interpretations of existing 
regulations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group conducts a significant proportion of its business with related parties 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders and the Group conducts a significant amount of 
business with companies that are controlled by the shareholders or over which the shareholders have 
significant influence and which are classified as related parties of the Group accordingly. 
As at 31 December 2020, 73.1 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$3.9 billion loans and advances outstanding 
were made to related parties. As at the same date, 96.4 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.0 billion direct and 
indirect equity investments were in entities that are related parties. In addition, 99.9 per cent. of the Group's 
U.S.$137.9 million total deposits as at 31 December 2020 were from related parties. 
Although it is the Group's policy that loans to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates 
and subject to normal commercial negotiation as to terms and the Group applies defined criteria to making 
direct equity investments, no assurance can be given that the Group would not have obtained more 
favourable terms from loans to, or direct equity investments in, third parties. In addition, it is possible that 
the Group may, in the future, be influenced in its decision to advance a loan or make a direct equity 
investment in a related party by virtue of its relationship with the relevant shareholder which owns or 
significantly influences the prospective investee. 
The Group has significant client concentrations in its portfolio of loans and advances 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's 10 largest loan exposures accounted for 35.9 per cent. of its lending 
portfolio. In addition to its credit exposure, the Group also had an equity investment in one of these clients. 
As a result, if any of these major clients is materially adversely affected, whether by low hydrocarbon 
prices, adverse economic or political conditions, or other factors, such that its ability to make payments to

--- Page 20 ---
- 8 - 
the Group is affected, this could result in a material increase in the Group's impairment charges and 
adversely affect its profitability and therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group is exposed to significant credit risk as a result of its lending activities and investments in 
fixed income securities 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's portfolio of loans and advances amounted to U.S.$3,914.2 million, 
or 49.6 per cent. of its total assets, its investments in debt securities at FVOCI amounted to U.S.$2,324.8 
million, or 29.5 per cent. of its total assets, and its commitments to underwrite and fund loans amounted to 
U.S.$1,820.6 million, or 96.9 per cent. of its total off-balance sheet commitments and exposures. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial exposure or 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. Credit risks arising from adverse changes in the credit 
quality and recoverability of financings and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range 
of the Group's businesses. The Group regularly reviews and analyses its portfolio of loans and advances 
and other credit risks, and the Group's provision for losses on its loans and advances is based on, among 
other things, its analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and loan management and the valuation 
of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal 
analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a 
volatile economic climate. See "—The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may 
leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks" below. 
Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties, from a general 
deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the financial system in 
which the Group operates. Any of these factors could affect the recoverability and value of the Group's 
credit-related assets, result in an increase in NPLs and require an increase in impairment provisions, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
A substantial increase in impairment provisions related to the Group's loans and advances or the 
occurrence of losses greater than the previously recorded impairment provisions in respect of such 
lending would have a material adverse effect on the Group 
In connection with its loans and advances, the Group periodically establishes impairment allowances for 
losses, which are recorded in its income statement under "impairment losses on financial instruments, net". 
The Group's overall level of impairment provisioning against its loans and advances is based upon its 
assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of financing advanced to its customers, the amount 
and type of collateral held, industry standards, ageing/past due loans, economic conditions in its borrowers' 
markets and other factors related to the recoverability of the financing. The Group seeks to make an 
appropriate level of provision for credit losses based on management's best estimate of the amount of loss 
expected to be incurred, however the Group may have to significantly increase its impairment provision for 
credit losses in the future as a result of any increase in NPLs or adverse economic conditions leading to 
increases in customers defaults, or for other reasons. In 2020, the Group recorded impairment losses on 
loans and advances of U.S.$19.0 million compared to no such impairment losses in 2019. 
On 1 January 2018, the Group adopted IFRS 9: Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") which, among other 
things, introduces an 'expected credit loss' model for the measurement of the impairment of financial assets, 
such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before a credit loss is recognised. The 
implementation of IFRS 9 on the Group's calculation of impairment allowances resulted in an increase in 
impairment charges to U.S.$35.5 million as at 1 January 2018. The adoption of IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018 
also resulted in a decrease in retained earnings by U.S.$11.4 million and fair value reserve by U.S.$1.3 
million which resulted from the reclassification of financial instruments. In addition, the impairment 
allowance transition arrangements under IFRS 9 resulted in a 0.6 per cent. reduction in the opening balance 
of the Group's equity as at 1 January 2018. 
A significant increase in the Group's impairment charges or any change in its estimate of the risk of loss 
inherent in its syndicated and direct lending portfolio, as well as the occurrence of credit-related losses in 
excess of its impairment provisions, could have a material adverse effect the Group in future periods. 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations, including funding 
commitments, when they fall due or will only be able to secure funding at excessive cost which then

--- Page 21 ---
- 9 - 
adversely impacts its profitability. Liquidity risk arises from the inability to manage unplanned decreases 
or changes in funding sources. 
Since the global financial crisis, financial institutions have continued to experience periods of reduced 
liquidity due to a variety of factors. The Group's funding principally comprises: 
 
borrowing through the issue of securities in the form of conventional debt securities and sukuk, 
which amounted to U.S.$3,602.1 million, and constituted 6`8.4 per cent. of its total funding, as at 
31 December 2020; 
 
term-borrowings from financial institutions, which amounted to U.S.$1,171.9 million, and 
constituted 22.3 per cent. of its total funding, as at 31 December 2020; 
 
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which amounted to U.S.$352.1 million, and 
constituted 6.7 per cent. of its total funding, at 31 December 2020; and 
 
deposits which it accepts from corporates, as well as from the shareholders and from banks, which 
amounted to U.S.$137.9 million, and constituted 2.6 per cent. of its total funding, at 31 December 
2020. 
The Group's ability to continue to obtain financing and the cost of such financing are dependent on 
numerous factors including general economic and market conditions, international interest rates, credit 
availability from banks or other lenders, investor confidence in the Group and the success of the Group's 
business. There can be no assurance that external financing, either on a short-term or long-term basis and 
whether to fund new loans and advances or investments or to repay existing financing, will be available or, 
if available, that such financing will be obtainable on terms that are not onerous to the Group. 
If appropriate sources of financing are not available or are only available on onerous terms and the Group 
does not have sufficient operating cash flow or cash generated from asset monetisations, this could 
adversely affect the Group's business through increased borrowing costs. In addition, the Group may be 
forced, amongst other measures, to do one or more of the following: 
 
delay or reduce lending and investment expenditures; 
 
forgo business opportunities; 
 
sell assets on less than optimal terms; or 
 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity, each of which could 
adversely affect its business. 
The Group's deposits are typically short-term in nature, with all of its deposits being demand deposits or 
deposits with maturities of up to three months at 31 December 2020. Accordingly, there is a risk that if a 
significant number of the Group's depositors choose not to roll over their deposits at any time or withdraw 
their deposits at a rate faster than the rate at which obligors repay financing provided by the Group, the 
Group could experience difficulties in funding those lost deposits. The risk of this happening is likely to 
increase at times of poor economic performance or material declines in oil and gas prices when the Group's 
customers are more likely to need cash and, at those times, it is likely to be more expensive for the Group 
to fund those withdrawals from other sources. 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had less than five depositors. Any withdrawal of all or a significant 
portion of any of these large deposits may have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments involve specific risks 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments involve specific risks relating to the returns that the 
Group derives, its ability to realise the investments and the fact that it has limited involvement in the 
management and operations of its investee companies. In particular: 
 
the Group derives a considerable portion of its income from dividends from its equity investments 
and there is no certainty that dividends will be paid or as to the amount of any dividends that are 
paid. In 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's dividend income from its equity investments amounted

--- Page 22 ---
- 10 - 
to U.S.$47.0 million, U.S.$67.7 million and U.S.$56.4 million, respectively, equal to 26.6 per 
cent., 41.3 per cent. and 22.3 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total income in each year. 
Almost all of the companies in the Group's direct equity investment portfolio are directly or 
indirectly related to the oil and gas sector, which is cyclical by nature. Material and sustained 
reductions in international oil and gas prices are likely to have a significant impact on the Group's 
equity investees' income and profitability and therefore are likely to result in those investees 
declaring significantly lower or no dividends, which could result in a material reduction in the 
Group's income, profitability and cash flows. In addition, the spill over effect of lower oil and gas 
revenues for GCC economies has triggered a move by those countries to reduce government 
subsidies on local consumption of petrochemicals for both industrial and residential consumers. 
This, plus the deregulation of petrol prices in many GCC countries and the rise in global shale gas 
exports, has squeezed the operating margins of petrochemical facilities. This is likely to have a 
significant impact on certain of the Group's investees' income and profitability, which in turn may 
also have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
 
The majority of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are not listed on an active 
market and are therefore illiquid. The value of the Group's equity investment portfolio (which 
principally comprises equity securities held at FVOCI but also includes two subsidiaries, five 
associates and certain fund investments held at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL")) as at 
31 December 2020 was U.S.$1.0 billion. As at the same date, only three companies in the portfolio 
were listed and actively traded, ARAMCO and Yanbu National Petrochemical Company 
("YANSAB") in Saudi Arabia and Misr Oil Processing Company ("MOPCO") in Egypt. The 
Group's equity investments in ARAMCO, YANSAB and MOPCO were valued at U.S.$21.7 
million, U.S.$96.6 million and U.S.$26.0 million, respectively, equal to 14.4 per cent. in aggregate 
of the total direct and indirect equity investments portfolio, as at 31 December 2020. If the Group 
elects to exit any of its direct and indirect equity investments which are not fair valued using quoted 
prices on active markets, monetising these investments could be a lengthy process and there is no 
certainty as to the price which would be obtainable. 
 
The Group does not typically consolidate its direct and indirect equity investments as it generally 
does not hold stakes which give it control or significant influence over its investee companies. The 
Group's philosophy when making equity investments is that it should principally act in a fiduciary 
and advisory capacity, typically through a seat on the relevant investee's board of directors. The 
Group's inability to exercise control or significant influence over the majority of its equity 
investments exposes the Group to certain risks, including the risk that an investee may make 
business, financial or management decisions with which the Group does not agree, or that the 
majority shareholders or the management of any investee may take risks or otherwise act in a 
manner that is contrary to the Group's interests. 
The foregoing risks could result in a significant reduction in dividend income from, or the value of, the 
Group's direct and indirect equity investments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank without guarantee-related support from its 
shareholders 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank, headquartered in Saudi Arabia and owned by the OAPEC 
Member States. Its three largest shareholders, which together own 51.0 per cent. of APICORP's shares, are 
Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Kuwait. 
The OAPEC Member States have agreed in the Establishing Agreement to support APICORP on a joint 
and several basis and each shareholder has participated in APICORP's six (issued and fully paid) capital 
increases since it was established. In addition, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 billion in callable capital, which is 
a joint and several obligation of each shareholder to provide additional capital within two months when called 
if required to service debt, to expand development operations (while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) 
or to absorb losses from treasury or development-related assets. The issuance of callable capital requires 
convening a shareholder meeting and APICORP cannot compel its shareholders to provide such capital. 
Accordingly, neither the agreement to support APICORP nor the callable capital is a guarantee and neither 
should be construed as providing contractual rights to APICORP's creditors. Reflecting the above, there is 
no certainty that APICORP's shareholders will continue to provide further capital to it and, if they do not, 
the Group's business and/or financial condition may be constrained.

--- Page 23 ---
- 11 - 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks that are outside its control, including, 
without limitation, volatility in interest rates, changes in credit spreads, prices of securities and currency 
exchange rates. In particular, an increase in interest rates generally may decrease the value of the Group's 
fixed-rate loans and securities and may increase the Group's funding costs and a widening of credit spreads 
may adversely affect the value of its debt securities portfolio. In addition, it is the Group's experience that 
its fixed rate assets generally re-price faster than its fixed rate liabilities which means that the Group generally 
benefits at times of increasing interest rates but is adversely affected at times of falling interest rates. See 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—
Principal factors affecting results of operations—Factors affecting net interest income" and "Risk 
management—Market risk management—Interest rate risk". Interest rates are sensitive to many factors 
beyond the Group's control, including the policies of central banks, political factors and domestic and 
international economic conditions. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the possibility that the value of 
a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange rates as well as the 
possibility that the Group may have to close out any open position in a foreign currency at a loss due to an 
adverse movement in exchange rates. The Group attempts to manage its foreign exchange rate risk by 
conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other than the U.S. dollar to ensure that no 
significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks, by not trading in foreign 
exchange and by hedging its exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar through forward contracts, 
although there can be no assurance that any such hedging activity will in all cases protect the Group against 
its foreign exchange rate risks. See also "Risk management—Market risk management—Currency risk". 
The Group enters into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange 
contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. These derivative contracts 
had a notional value of U.S.$2.6 billion as at 31 December 2020, compared to U.S.$3.5 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and U.S.$3.7 billion as at 31 December 2018 and the Group's derivatives portfolio had net 
positive fair values of U.S.$33.8 million and U.S.$14.8 million as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 compared to a net negative fair value of U.S.$9.3 million as at 31 December 2018. There is no 
assurance that the Group's derivative contracts and its hedging strategy will be successful in mitigating its 
interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not experience significant losses on its 
derivatives contracts from time to time. 
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenue and 
financial condition of the Group's depositors, borrowers and other counterparties which, in turn, may impact 
the Group's deposit base and the quality of its credit exposures to certain borrowers and other counterparties. 
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects 
of a currency revaluation or future volatility in interest rates or currency exchange rates. 
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks, including the risk of loss as a result of employee 
misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, systems and equipment failures (including, in particular, information technology 
("IT") failures), natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, those of the Group's 
counterparties or vendors). The Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and 
substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, but it is not 
possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential operational risks that the Group faces. Losses from the 
failure of the Group's system of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business 
generally and its reputation. 
The Group's employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could 
expose the Group to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may 
include embezzling clients' funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, 
intentionally or inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal 
procedures. It is not always possible to detect or prevent these types of misconduct, and the precautions 
which the Group takes to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in all cases. There can 
be no assurance that measures undertaken to combat these types of misconduct will be successful. Any such

--- Page 24 ---
- 12 - 
actions by employees could expose the Group to financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse 
clients, co-investors or other business partners who suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory 
sanctions, and could damage the Group's reputation. 
The Group is dependent on its IT systems and any disruption to these systems could materially 
disrupt the Group's business 
The Group depends on its IT systems to process its transactions on an accurate and timely basis and to store 
and process substantially all of the Group's business and operating data. The proper functioning of the 
Group's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and 
other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its offices and main data processing 
centres, are critical to its business and its ability to compete effectively. The Group's business would be 
materially adversely affected if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these IT systems or 
communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of reasons some of which are outside 
the Group's control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, and computer viruses and other 
external electronic attacks as discussed under "—The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber- 
attack" below. The proper functioning of the Group's IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable data 
and other system inputs, which are subject to internal human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or 
processing transaction data could subject the Group to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. 
There can be no assurance that the Group's IT safeguards will be fully effective in the event of a disaster 
and or that they will protect the Group from all losses that could occur. 
The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber-attack 
In common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Group's information 
and customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to the Group's 
business. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring 
and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber- 
attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. A failure to adequately 
manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current processes in response to 
new threats could have a number of material adverse effects on the Group, including disruption to its 
business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure 
and damage to its reputation. 
The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified 
or unanticipated risks 
The Group is exposed to a wide range of financial risks, such as credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, 
currency exchange rate risk, equity price risk, and IT and other operational risks. 
Although the Group has established risk management policies, procedures and internal controls based on 
international practices and invests substantial time and effort in the development, implementation and 
monitoring of risk management strategies and techniques, it cannot mitigate risk exposures under all market 
environments and may fail to manage its risks adequately at all times, particularly, for example, when risks 
that it has not identified or anticipated materialise. 
The Group's methods of managing risk include the use of historical market behaviour and setting 
appropriate risk appetite and maximum tolerance levels to determine and monitor risk exposures. In 
addition, stress testing using forward-looking scenarios is designed to assist the Group in analysing the 
impact of possible future events on its capital, profitability, liquidity and funding position, which in turn 
helps to shape the Group's strategy. The Group's risk management methods are intended to assist it in 
predicting possible impacts on its risk exposures, but actual outcomes may prove to be significantly 
different from those which its risk management models predict and could be significantly greater than 
historical measures indicate. 
Investors should note that any failure by the Group to adequately control the risks to which it is exposed, 
including as a result of any failure to successfully implement new risk management systems in the future, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
- 13 - 
The Group's internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
The Group's ability to comply with all applicable regulations is largely dependent on its maintenance of 
compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and retain personnel 
qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although the Group is subject to oversight 
by regulatory authorities, including the Central Bank of Bahrain with respect to its Bahrain branch, and 
performs regular internal audits through an external auditing firm, the Group cannot be certain that its 
systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case of deliberate 
employee misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against it. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance 
with applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative 
proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages. 
A negative change in APICORP's credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may 
increase the Group's borrowing costs 
APICORP is currently rated Aa2 (on a long-term basis) with stable outlook by Moody's and AA (on a long-
term basis) with stable outlook by Fitch. These credit ratings are an important factor in determining the 
Group's cost of borrowing. The interest rates charged on the Group's borrowings are also partly dependent 
on its credit ratings. 
There is no assurance that APICORP's credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or 
that either rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A 
downgrade of APICORP's credit ratings, or a negative change in its outlook, may: 
 
limit APICORP's ability to raise funding; 
 
increase APICORP's cost of borrowing; and 
 
limit APICORP's ability to raise capital. 
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in APICORP's credit ratings may negatively affect the market 
value of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
In its October 2020 ratings report on APICORP, Moody's noted that a combination of the following factors 
would likely lead to a downgrade: (1) a significant deterioration in asset quality and performance due to 
COVID 19 and the slump in oil prices; (2) a material deterioration in the APICORP's liquidity profile or an 
emergence of funding pressures as a result of a protracted worsening of the operating environment, 
potentially resulting from (1); and/or (3) an indication that its shareholders' willingness to support 
APICORP is weakening. 
In its June 2020 ratings report on APICORP, Fitch noted that the following factors, individually or 
collectively, could lead to a rating action or downgrade: (1) a substantial increase in leverage or a marked 
increase in loan impairments and valuation losses that erode APICORP's capital and affect Fitch's 
capitalisation assessment; (2) a weakening in Fitch's assessment of APICORP's risk profile, which could 
stem from a deterioration in credit and equity risk, for example due to a sustained period of low oil prices, 
or failure by APICORP to adhere to its own risk management rules; (3) an increase in concentration risk 
metrics; and (4) reduced liquidity buffers and a marked increase in the share of short-term funding. 
The ratings assigned to APICORP may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Group, the 
market or any other factors that may affect the value of Notes issued under the Programme. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In addition, actual or anticipated changes in APICORP's credit rating could negatively 
affect the market value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Group's continued success depends on its ability to attract and retain key management and 
qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent on its senior management for the implementation of its strategy and the operation 
of its day to day activities. While the Group has entered into two-year employment contracts with key 
members of its management, there is no certainty that its current members of senior management will 
continue to make their services available to the Group on a longer-term basis.

--- Page 26 ---
- 14 - 
In addition, the Group's success will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to retain, motivate and attract 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel and it may need to increase employee 
compensation levels to do so. Competition within the regional banking industry for qualified banking and 
management personnel is intense due to the low number of available qualified and/or experienced 
individuals compared to the level of demand. There is no certainty that the Group will at all times be able 
to successfully recruit and retain necessary qualified personnel. The loss of members of the Group's senior 
management team or an inability to recruit, train and/or retain necessary personnel could hinder the growth 
of the Group's business. 
The Group faces significant and increasing competition 
The Group principally competes with regional and international banks operating in the MENA region with 
recognised expertise in project finance as well as in the financing of energy projects. The Group cannot be 
certain that if its competitors offer more attractively priced and easily accessible products, its customers 
will nevertheless prefer the products offered by the Group and there is no certainty that the Group will be 
able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 
The Group is subject to regulation 
Subject to the Establishing Agreement, APICORP is subject to certain laws, regulations, administrative 
actions and policies of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and any other jurisdiction in which it operates. These 
regulations may limit the Group's activities, and changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in 
Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, could materially affect the Group's business, the products or services offered, 
the value of its assets, and its financial position. Although the Group complies with the policies set by the 
applicable regulators in each country in which it operates and continually monitors the situation, future 
changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond the Group's control. 
RISK RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdictions or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the 
outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption Amount. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate

--- Page 27 ---
- 15 - 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are subject to additional risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future . 
Interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or 
the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR").  The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes,

--- Page 28 ---
- 16 - 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulations reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference rate (which seeks to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term) or different measures of such an 
alternative reference rate. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Index. The continued development of SOFR as an 
interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR based rates 
for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market 
acceptance.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference SOFR under this Base 
Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history

--- Page 29 ---
- 17 - 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware 
that EURIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes.  
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication 
of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the amount 
of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the 
Notes. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR -based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of 
an event of default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined 
by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due 
and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. There can be no 
guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes referencing SOFR. In particular, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of  SOFR, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SOFR or its related indices, including changes related to the method by 
which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising 
or discontinuing SOFR or a related index. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes 
in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES DENOMINATED IN RENMINBI 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below.

--- Page 30 ---
- 18 - 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as capital accounts items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the 
PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of 
the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To 
the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, 
there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless 
otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms (or in terms of 
other applicable foreign currencies) may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place. If the 
value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of the 
investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. In addition, there may be 
tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting from any investment in 
Renminbi Notes. 
In the event access to Renminbi deliverable in the Renminbi Settlement Centre becomes restricted to the 
extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer is unable to make payments in Renminbi, the Issuer's obligation to make such 
payments in Renminbi under the terms of the Renminbi Notes is replaced by an obligation to make such 
payments in U.S. dollars pursuant to Condition 10(k) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) and Condition 
11(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) of the Notes. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments 
may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi 
Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior 
to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may be.

--- Page 31 ---
- 19 - 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s). All payments 
to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules 
and procedures of the relevant clearing system; or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive 
form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as provided in 
Condition 10(k) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) and Condition 11(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent) of the Notes, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in 
any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Taxation 
Prospective holders of Renminbi Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the overall PRC 
tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Renminbi Notes, including the effect of any 
state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the PRC. 
RISKS RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT 
Enforcing foreign judgments and arbitral awards against APICORP 
If APICORP fails to meet its payment obligations under the Notes, it may be necessary to bring an action 
against APICORP to enforce its obligations which could be time consuming and costly. APICORP has 
irrevocably agreed to the Notes being governed by English law and that any disputes shall be referred to 
and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Rules. An arbitration award rendered in London, in 
favour of the Noteholders should be enforceable against APICORP in the courts of those Relevant 
Jurisdictions which are signatories to the New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the "New York Convention"). However, in practice, and notwithstanding 
the New York Convention, such awards may not be enforceable consistently under the laws of all of the 
Relevant Jurisdictions. APICORP has also agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England (the 
"English courts") at the option of the Noteholders in respect of any dispute relating to the Notes. 
Notwithstanding that a judgment may be obtained in the English courts in favour of the Noteholders, there 
is no assurance that APICORP has or would at the relevant time have assets in the UK against which such 
a judgment could be enforced. Under the laws of certain of the Relevant Jurisdictions (for example, under 
the laws of Saudi Arabia) it is unlikely that the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions would enforce an 
English court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and such courts may not observe the 
parties' choice of English law as the governing law of the relevant Notes. In certain of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions, foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact and the interpretation of English 
law by the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions may not accord with the interpretation of an English court. 
Additionally, in such Relevant Jurisdictions, the choice of foreign law is recognised if the courts of such 
Relevant Jurisdictions are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction 
agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. Such courts are unlikely, however, to honour any

--- Page 32 ---
- 20 - 
provision of foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or morals in such Relevant Jurisdiction, 
or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, such Relevant Jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, there is no guarantee that any arbitration award rendered in London or any judgment obtained 
in the English courts, in each case in favour of the Noteholders, would be enforceable against APICORP in 
the courts of a Relevant Jurisdiction. 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that APICORP fails to perform its obligations under the Notes, the potential remedies available 
to the Noteholders include obtaining an order for specific enforcement of the relevant obligations or a claim 
for damages. There is no assurance that any court would order specific enforcement of a contractual 
obligation, as this is generally a matter for the discretion of the relevant court. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Noteholders to mitigate any loss arising as a result of the 
breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event of a failure 
by APICORP to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification, waiver or 
substitution without the consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Holders of Notes held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote at 
meetings of Noteholders 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with 
a nominee for DTC (each as defined under "Forms of the Notes"). Except in the circumstances described 
in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by 
a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants.

--- Page 33 ---
- 21 - 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes are subject to ongoing evaluations and there can 
be no assurance that the ratings currently assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes will not be downgraded 
The Notes of each Series may be unrated or may be rated by one or more independent credit rating agencies 
who may also assign credit ratings to the Notes. Any ratings of either the Issuer or the Notes may not reflect 
the potential impact of all the risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed herein and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Nevertheless, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's 
credit ratings or the ratings of the Notes generally may affect the market value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its 
assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
may also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a

--- Page 34 ---
- 22 - 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market.

--- Page 35 ---
- 23 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus, and have been filed with the Central Bank shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(https://www.apicorp.org/Financials/APICORP%20FS%202020%20English%20(Final).pdf); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) 
of 
the 
Group 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://www.apicorp.org/Financials/200412_APICORP%20FS%202019_English%20_Final.pdf);  
(iii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 62 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 
5 
May 
2020 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/2021/06/210628_GMTN-Bond-Programme-2020-Prospectus.pdf); and 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 31 to 57 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 
29 
August 
2018 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/2020/04/Apicorp-Base-Prospectus-GMTN.pdf). 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the above-mentioned website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 24 - 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes 
which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 25 - 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system. Each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "ICSDs"). 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time,. the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN 
form, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held 
does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
on or after the day following the expiry of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent; and

--- Page 38 ---
- 26 - 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") on or after the day following the expiry of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes on or after the day following the expiry of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes will only be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the 
limited circumstances described in the Temporary Global Note". 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Notes are to be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 27 - 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates"); or 
(ii) 
one or more unrestricted global note certificates ("Unrestricted Global Note Certificate(s)") in 
the case of Registered Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S ("Unrestricted Registered Notes") and/or one or more restricted global note 
certificates ("Restricted Global Note Certificate(s)") in the case of Registered Notes sold to QIBs 
in reliance on Rule 144A who are also QPs ("Restricted Registered Notes"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and references in this Base Prospectus to "Global 
Note Certificates" shall be construed as a reference to Unrestricted Global Note Certificates and/or 
Restricted Global Note Certificates. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008 and titled "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international 
debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has 
assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had 
designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the Eurosystem, 
subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated 
that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in 
Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of an 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Unrestricted Global Note Certificates issued in respect of any Tranche are intended to be held 
under the NSS, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Unrestricted Global Note 
Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Unrestricted Global Note Certificates are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of

--- Page 40 ---
- 28 - 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Unrestricted 
Global Note Certificate held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another 
entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & 
Co. (or such other entity as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) as nominee for The Depositary Trust 
Company ("DTC") and the relevant Restricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the custodian for DTC (the "DTC Custodian"). Beneficial interests in Notes represented 
by a Restricted Global Note Certificate may only be held through DTC at any time. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Note 
Certificates each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note 
Certificate", then: 
(a) 
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, if DTC notifies 
the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as 
depositary with respect to the Global Note Certificate or DTC ceases to be a "clearing 
agency" registered under the Exchange Act or if at any time DTC is no longer eligible to 
act as such, and the relevant Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days 
of receiving notice or becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; 
(b) 
in the case of any Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, if Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; and 
(c) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) 
occurs. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Note Certificate must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding). 
In addition, whenever a Restricted Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note 
Certificates, each person having an interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate must provide the 
Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with a certificate given by or on behalf of the holder of 
each beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate stating either (i) that such holder is not 
transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or (ii) that the transfer or exchange of such interest has 
been made in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes and that the person 
transferring such interest reasonably believes that the person acquiring such interest is a QIB who is also a 
QP and is obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. 
Individual Note Certificates issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted Global Note Certificate will 
bear the legends and be subject to the transfer restrictions set out under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to

--- Page 41 ---
- 29 - 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as 
the Global Note is held by (in the case of a Global Note not issued in NGN form) a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or (in 
the case of a Global Note issued in NGN form) a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register which: (i) in the case of a Restricted 
Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, will be Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) as nominee for DTC; and (ii) in the case of any Unrestricted Global Note 
Certificate which is held by or on behalf of (in the case of a Global Note not issued in NGN form) a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or (in the case of a Global Note issued in NGN form) a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Note Certificate will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Note Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate. 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and 
operating procedures. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Transfer Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of 
any DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or any of their 
respective participants relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global

--- Page 42 ---
- 30 - 
Note or Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or the records of their 
respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note Certificate 
to such persons will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act 
on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Note Certificate to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing systems, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Note 
Certificate representing such interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Transfer Restrictions", transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders, on the other will be effected by the relevant clearing systems in accordance 
with their respective rules and through action taken by the DTC Custodian, the Registrar and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. 
On or after the issue date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between accountholders in 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Note Certificates will be effected 
through the Issuing and Paying Agent, the DTC Custodian, the relevant Registrar and any applicable 
Transfer Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of: (i) three business days after the trade date for the 
disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Note Certificate resulting in such transfer; and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the 
necessary certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, 
settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately. The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders or between DTC participants 
are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Upon the issue of a Restricted Global Note Certificate to be held by or on behalf of DTC, DTC or the DTC 
Custodian will credit the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Global Note Certificate to the account of DTC participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in such 
Global Note Certificate will be held through participants of DTC, including the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note Certificate 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by 
DTC or its nominee. DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a 
holder of Registered Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC (including, 
without limitation, the presentation of such Global Note Certificates for exchange as described above) only 
at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in such Global Note 
Certificate are credited, and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate nominal amount of such Global 
Note Certificate as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, in 
certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the relevant Global Note Certificate for Individual Note 
Certificates (which will bear the relevant legends set out in "Transfer Restrictions"). 
Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order 
to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Note Certificates among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to

--- Page 43 ---
- 31 - 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar will have any 
responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their respective operations. 
While a Global Note Certificate is lodged with DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
clearing system, Individual Note Certificates for the relevant Series of Notes will not be eligible for clearing 
and settlement through such clearing systems. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto. 
Payment Business Day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be: if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Note Certificate is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Note Certificate must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Note Certificate and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or 
the Global Note Certificate is, registered in the name of DTC's nominee or deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in 
any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 44 ---
- 32 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation (the "Issuer") has established a Global 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a deed of 
covenant dated 15 July 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Deed of 
Covenant"). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 
15 July 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as Issuing and Paying Agent (the "Issuing and Paying Agent", which expression 
includes any successor Issuing and Paying Agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (the "Registrar") (which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) and the transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") (which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references 
to the "Agents" are to the Issuing and Paying, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(e) 
The Notes: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available 
for viewing during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders (as defined below) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which 
are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 45 ---
- 33 - 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining interest rates in respect of notes denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its sole discretion is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement); 
"Benchmark Event" means: (i) the Reference Rate ceases to be published or ceases to be 
calculated or administered or ceases to exist; (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing 
the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Reference Rate); (iii) a public statement 
by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference Rate has been or 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; (iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
that means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; (v) public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or (vi) it has become unlawful to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 34 - 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred, provided that: 
(x) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(y) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(z) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(x) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the

--- Page 47 ---
- 35 - 
product of: (A) the actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (B) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of: (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of: (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of: (x) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (y) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶି𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶି𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360

--- Page 48 ---
- 36 - 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶି𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless: (x) 
that day is the last day of February; or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless: (x) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date; or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided that, in each such case, the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
- 37 - 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"IA Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Replacement); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at the Issuer's expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention
 and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the

--- Page 50 ---
- 38 - 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development of any project, provided that: (i) any Security Interest 
given by the Issuer is limited solely to assets of the project; (ii) the person providing such financing 
expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed and the revenues derived from such 
project as the principal source of repayment for the monies advanced; and (iii) there is no other 
recourse to the Issuer in respect of any default by any person under the financing; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(x) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(y) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(x) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(y) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies (including in the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, 
settlement of Renminbi payments) may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;

--- Page 51 ---
- 39 - 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on 15 July 2021; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time such 
person is merged into, or consolidated with, the Issuer, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not 
extend to any other assets or property of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
the Issuer not created in contemplation of such acquisition; or 
(iv) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (i) 
to (ii) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security 
Interest the principal amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not 
been extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency, provided that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Economic Area as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(ii) 
London interbank bid rate ("LIBID"); 
(iii) 
London interbank mean rate ("LIMEAN");

--- Page 52 ---
- 40 - 
(iv) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR"); 
(v) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); 
(vi) 
Singapore interbank offered rate ("SIBOR"); 
(vii) 
Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR"); 
(viii) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR"); 
(ix) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(x) 
Japanese Yen LIBOR ("JPY LIBOR"); 
(xi) 
Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(xii) 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("CNH HIBOR"); 
(xiii) 
Secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"); 
(xiv) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR" or "TRYLIBOR"); and 
(xv) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of: (i) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due; and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuing and Paying Agent on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in connection 
with a Non-Recourse Project Financing or Securitisation, which is in the form of or represented by 
any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or 
is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working 
group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the 
central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; 
(C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; (D) the Financial

--- Page 53 ---
- 41 - 
Stability Board or any part thereof; or (E) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan); 
"Renminbi Settlement Centre" means, in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, Hong Kong, 
Singapore and/or any other relevant financial centre, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes 
or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided 
that: (i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer in connection therewith is limited solely to the 
assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (ii) each person participating in 
such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised 
as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability; and 
(iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer in respect of any default by any person under the 
securitisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate 
has ceased to be available) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in 
connection with any issue of certificates or other securities intended to be issued in compliance

--- Page 54 ---
- 42 - 
with the principles of Shari'a, whether or not in return for consideration of any kind, which for the 
time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on 
any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
- 43 - 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder 
of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to Condition 3(i) (Closed periods) and Condition 3(j) 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration), a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at 
the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of 
the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer, provided 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes), the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) 
the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) 
by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such 
relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar 
or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 56 ---
- 44 - 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted 
Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation without: (a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations under the 
Notes; or (b) providing such other security or other arrangement for those obligations as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing 
and Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(e) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of 
the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, 
if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the 
time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10

--- Page 57 ---
- 45 - 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing 
and Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR: Subject to Condition 
7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(x) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(y) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will request the Reference Banks to 
provide to the Calculation Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in that market at that time and, following which, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
(in consultation with the Issuer) determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation 
with the Issuer)) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time,

--- Page 58 ---
- 46 - 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined, provided that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, and provided further that such failure is not due to 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR:  
(i) 
Subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms but subject to Condition 7(f) (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅
𝑟௜ ି ௣஻஽ x ௡೔
𝐷
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ x 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means, 
 
(1) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; and  
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest 
Period;  
"Business Day" or "BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Applicable Period;  
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period;

--- Page 59 ---
- 47 - 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified five Business Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than five Business Days 
without the consent of the Calculation Agent);  
"r" means: 
 
(1) 
where in the relevant Final Terms either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(2) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(A) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and

--- Page 60 ---
- 48 - 
(B) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); and 
 
(3) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the 
SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" 
above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day 
"i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted 
Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, 
be the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms but subject to Condition 7(f) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest)) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above;  
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above;  
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above;  
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; and

--- Page 61 ---
- 49 - 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum 
of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR 
Index", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
SOFR Index Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
"p" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above;  
"SOFR Averages" shall mean the computation bearing the same name as 
published on the New York Fed's Website;  
"SOFR Index" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
 
(A) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as 
such index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or  
(B) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (A) above at the SOFR 
Determination Time, then:  
(1) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference Rate 
shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable value; or  
(2) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR Index Reference Rate 
shall be the rate determined pursuant to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Replacement);

--- Page 62 ---
- 50 - 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period  Date 
relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index Reference Rate" means: 
ቀ
ௌைிோ ூ௡ௗ௘௫ಶ೙೏
ௌைிோ ூ௡ௗ௘௫ೄ೟ೌೝ೟െ1ቁ x ቀ
ଷ଺଴
ௗ೎ቁ 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart 
to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period); 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event 
has have not occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" means, for the relevant 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-ratesinformation. 
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be 
replaced with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- 
calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR does not so appear for any 
day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFR for such day "i" shall be SOFR 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website. 
 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (1) above), the Reference Rate 
is not available, subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) such Reference Rate 
shall be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for the first preceding Business Day 
on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed's Website (as defined in 
paragraph (i) above) and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(v) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
but without prejudice to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the last preceding Interest Period or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the first Interest Period). 
(vi) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and

--- Page 63 ---
- 51 - 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d)(vii), if "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date shall be read as 
reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date 
instead. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) under a Swap Transaction (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either: (x) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR or EURIBOR for a currency, the first day of that 
Interest Period; or (y) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(x) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(y) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent (to the extent that it is able, failing which, 
the Issuer) will, as soon as reasonably practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 64 ---
- 52 - 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period, provided that if 
the Calculation Agent is unable to notify such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) then the Issuer will procure such notification. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(h) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination), if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a 
Reference Rate or the Issuer considers that there may be a Successor Rate in relation to such 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine, no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date"), a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Rate and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 7(j)), provided that if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer is unable to 
or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the interest rate shall be the initial Rate of Interest) (subject, where applicable, to 
substituting the Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in 
this paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided 
in this Condition 7(j); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions,

--- Page 65 ---
- 53 - 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also (without the consent or 
approval of Noteholders), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination 
Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (in either 
case) any Adjustment Spread. If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) are unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without 
an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7(i) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines: (x) that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or any 
other Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"); and (y) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (vi) below, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or such other Transaction Document(s) to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. At the request 
of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate; and (C) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments and that any such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, the 
Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency 
Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document); 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any/other 
Transaction Document, promptly give notice thereof to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any; 
(vii) 
the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificates referred to in paragraph (v) above 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) specified in such certificates will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), which are to be determined solely by the 
Issuer following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), and without 
prejudice to any Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(viii) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(i) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determinations made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(i).

--- Page 66 ---
- 54 - 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of: (x) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(y) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if, immediately before giving such notice: 
(x) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdictions or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(y) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due.

--- Page 67 ---
- 55 - 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Issuing and Paying Agent: (1) a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred; and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Issuing and Paying Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Issuing and Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) and the rules and procedures of the Clearing Systems in force from time to time shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Agent such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Agent. The relevant Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn, 
provided that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address 
as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the 
Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Condition 9(a) (Scheduled redemption) to Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) (inclusive).

--- Page 68 ---
- 56 - 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(g) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Coupons attached thereto and surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(h) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, 
or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of an Issuing and Paying Agent in New York City if: (i) the Issuer has appointed such Issuing and 
Paying Agent outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Issuing and 
Paying Agent will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the 
currency in which the payment is due when due; (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of such Issuing and Paying Agent is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions; and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 69 ---
- 57 - 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment, provided that if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(x) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment, provided that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(y) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment, provided that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as 
the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10(a) 
(Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by Condition 10(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent for a 
further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in 
respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon

--- Page 70 ---
- 58 - 
the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall 
become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of any 
amount in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
the Issuer may, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the 
due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi- denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant amount in respect of the 
Notes shall be made upon application by the holder of the Notes to the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with a bank in New York City. 
In this Condition 10(k): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, London and in New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date of the relevant Series 
of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an 
account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
to an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date for 
the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation

--- Page 71 ---
- 59 - 
Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination 
Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this Condition 10(k) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date. 
11. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such 
payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates 
at the Specified Office of The Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other 
laws and regulations to which the Issuer or the Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed: (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent; and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from: (x) the due date 
for a payment not being a Payment Business Day; or (y) a cheque mailed in accordance with this 
Condition 11(d) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.

--- Page 72 ---
- 60 - 
(e) 
Partial payments: If the Issuing and Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on 
the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note 
Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (or, in the case of Notes denominated in 
Renminbi, not later than the fifth day before the due date for such payment) (the "Record Date"). 
Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed 
to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the 
relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of any 
amount in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
the Issuer may, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the 
due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi- denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant amount in respect of the 
Notes shall be made upon application by the holder of the Notes to the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with a bank in New York City. 
In this Condition 11(g): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, London and in New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation (if practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date of the relevant Series 
of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an 
account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
to an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing date for

--- Page 73 ---
- 61 - 
the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination 
Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this Condition 11(g) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all Noteholders; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date. 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder of the Notes for 
any determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance with this provision in the absence of 
its own wilful default, gross negligence or fraud. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdictions 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations 
thereof.

--- Page 74 ---
- 62 - 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Relevant Jurisdictions, references in these Conditions to Relevant Jurisdictions shall be 
construed as references to Relevant Jurisdictions and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof and such failure has continued for a period of 90 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default is incapable of remedy or, if capable 
of remedy, such default remains unremedied for 90 days; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer: the Issuer fails to pay any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period and provided that: (i) the 
amount of such Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
U.S.$25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); and (ii) such failure has 
continued for a period of 90 days, 
then Noteholders holding not less than one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, declare the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount 
together with accrued interest without further action or formality. Notice of any such declaration 
shall promptly be given to all other Noteholders. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or 
the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint an additional or successor issuing and

--- Page 75 ---
- 63 - 
paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor issuing and paying agent, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain an issuing and paying agent and a registrar; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of an Issuing and Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular 
place, the Issuer shall maintain an Issuing and Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented, provided that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, 
at any adjourned meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 90 per cent. of the 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under 
the Agency Agreement will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders and in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes. The Issuer may from time to time create and issue other series of notes having 
the benefit of the Deed of Covenant. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general

--- Page 76 ---
- 64 - 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
(c) 
Stock exchange: The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly given in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of: (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal; or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between: (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency; and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms): (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.); (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up); (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount; and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the same are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration: Subject to Condition 22(c) (Option to litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Notes (including these Conditions) (including a dispute regarding the 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of the 
nullity of the same and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the same) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration 
under the London Court of International Arbitration ("LCIA") Arbitration Rules (the "Rules"), 
which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 
22(b). For these purposes:

--- Page 77 ---
- 65 - 
(i) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(ii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions; and 
(iii) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Option to litigate: Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) (Arbitration), any Noteholder (only where 
permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) may, in the alternative, 
and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(i) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(ii) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If any Noteholder (only where permitted so to do 
in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) gives such notice, the Dispute to which 
such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 22(e) (Court proceedings) 
and, subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 22(b) (Arbitration) in 
respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear 
its own costs in relation thereto. 
(d) 
Termination of arbitration: If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for 
Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, the relevant Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in 
accordance with the terms of the Deed of Covenant and as applicable) must also promptly give 
notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in 
relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice 
by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute 
will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio. The 
termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of 
that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(ii) 
such arbitrator's entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation 
bar or any similar rule or provision. 
(e) 
Court proceedings: In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 22(c) (Option to litigate) is 
issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (iii) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(ii) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(iii) 
this Condition 22(e) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, and 
notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above, the Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in 
accordance with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) may take proceedings relating to a 
Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by 
law, the Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the 
Deed of Covenant) may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(f) 
Process Agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London 
EC1A 4HD, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other 
address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other

--- Page 78 ---
- 66 - 
manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
(g) 
Waiver of immunity: The Issuer irrevocably agrees that no immunity (to the extent that it may now 
or hereafter exist, whether on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise) from any Proceedings or 
from execution of judgment shall be claimed by or on behalf of it or with respect to its respective 
assets, any such immunity being irrevocably waived by the Issuer, and the Issuer irrevocably 
consents generally in respect of any such Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any 
process in connection with any such Proceedings including, without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever of any order or judgment which may be 
made or given in such Proceedings.

--- Page 79 ---
- 67 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "MIFID 
II distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a MiFID II distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK MiFIR distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
 
1 
Include where Part B item 6(v) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
2 
Include where Part B item 6(vi) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 80 ---
- 68 - 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) [and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
Legal entity identifier: 213800A54KIUYH5YD185 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplemental base 
prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and]3 must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. 
Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia [and copies may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, 
United Kingdom].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [5 May 2020]/[29 August 2018]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and]4 must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the 
supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, in order to obtain all relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [5 May 2020]/[29 August 
2018] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. 
Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia [and copies may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, 
United Kingdom].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
3 To be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing 
on the official list, of Euronext Dublin.  
 
4 To be included only if the Trust Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and 
listing on the official list, of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 81 ---
- 69 - 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Notes 
become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on 
[[•]/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[•]]]]]. 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
(If Notes are being cleared through DTC with interest and or 
principal payable in a currency other than U.S. dollars, check 
whether DTC will accept payments in such currency) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
(For fixed rate notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification (including Renminbi or Hong Kong 
dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes), the Maturity Date will be 
the Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR/TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/ 
SAIBOR/BBSW/JPY LIBOR/PRIBOR/SOFR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount. 
11. Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
- 70 - 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13. [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii) 
Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including [[the Maturity Date]/[•]]5 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification: The amount of interest payable for any Interest 
Period is to be calculated in accordance with Condition 6(e))6 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
5 
Note that for certain Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification and the following words should be added: ", adjusted in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention". 
6 
For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification 
the following alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
RMB0.01, RMB0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards, and to the nearest 
HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards".

--- Page 83 ---
- 71 - 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the [Issuing and 
Paying Agent]): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[[•][•] [LIBID/LIMEAN/EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/ CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR/TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/TIBOR/ 
SAIBOR/BBSW/JPY 
LIBOR/PRIBOR] 
calculated 
in 
accordance with Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR)] / [SOFR] calculated 
in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Screen Rate Determination 
for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR)] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest Period]/[The 
[first/second/third/[•]] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for each Interest Period (or immediately 
preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the 
end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off 
Date - Include this wording for Payment Delay only]*  
 
 
(c) 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(e) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily] / [Weighted Average] / [Not Applicable] 
 
* 
To be at least 5 U:S: Government Securities Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date 
where the Reference Rate is SOFR.

--- Page 84 ---
- 72 - 
 
(vii) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] / [Payment Delay]/ [Not 
Applicable] / [SOFR Index] 
 
(viii) 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]* / [SOFR Index] 
 
(ix) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment Date 
with respect to the last Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or, 
if the Notes are redeemed before the Maturity Date, the date fixed 
for redemption - used for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used for Payment 
Delay only]/[Not Applicable] * 
 
(xii) 
D: 
[365/360]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]  
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
* 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period 
between the Interest Payment Date and the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-back 
Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; 
otherwise, select "Not Applicable". 
* 
Rate Cut-off Date to be at least 5 U:S: Government Securities Business Days before the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, where the Reference Rate is SOFR.

--- Page 85 ---
- 73 - 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/360(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period from and 
including [date] to but excluding [date]]]. 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
20. Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
- 74 - 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on [•] days' 
notice at any time]/[in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]]  
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the circumstances specified in the Temporary Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 
[•] days' notice at any time]/[in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]]  
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Unrestricted Individual Note Certificates [on [•] days' notice at 
any time]/[in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate] and registered in the name 
of a [[common depositary]/[common safekeeper]] (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Restricted 
Individual Note Certificates [on [•] days' notice at any time]/[in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Restricted Global Note 
Certificate] registered in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
22. New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
23. New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
24. Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
25. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are left]/[No] 
 
Signed on behalf of  
ARAB PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS CORPORATION 
 
By: 
 ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 87 ---
- 75 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [[the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin]/[•]] with effect from 
[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii)  
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
[Moody's is established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the "EU CRA Regulation").][•]] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business] 
 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
CUSIP: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
[Select "Not Applicable" if no Restricted Registered Notes will 
be issued] 
 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[•]  
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering

--- Page 88 ---
- 76 - 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not 
Available] 
 
(v) 
CFI Code: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not 
Available] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment  
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Issuing and 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
(if 
any): 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant 
Benchmark[s]: 
[•] is provided by [•]. [As at the date hereof, [•] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [•] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [•] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]7 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met]8/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper]9. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
7 
Include for Registered Notes. 
8 
Note that unless the Issuer satisfies the ECB issuer eligibility criteria, NSS and NGN drawdowns cannot be requested and the 
"Yes" option cannot be selected as applicable.  
9 
Include for Registered Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
- 77 - 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated 
 
 
(a) 
Names 
of 
Dealers 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. 
selling 
restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [(In the case of Bearer Notes) 
– [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] [(In the case 
of Registered Notes) – [Not] Rule 144A Eligible] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[•] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
- 78 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP, which is a multilateral development bank focused on the energy industry, was established on 
23 November 1975 pursuant to the Establishing Agreement. 
The Establishing Agreement defines APICORP's purpose as: 
 
participating in financing petroleum projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are 
derived from, ancillary to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; 
and 
 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their 
ability to utilise their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic 
and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve this purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated 
loans or making direct loans and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing 
activities, provides project-related financial advisory services and publishes research relating to strategic 
and relevant issues in the energy industry. 
The table below shows details of APICORP's shareholders as at 31 December 2020. 
Member State 
Authorise
d capital
(1) 
Subscribe
d capital
(2) 
Issued 
and fully 
paid 
Callable 
Percentag
e 
ownership
(3) 
 
(U.S.$ thousand) 
(per cent.) 
Kuwait ......................................... 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Saudi Arabia ................................ 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
United Arab Emirates .................. 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Libya ........................................... 
3,000 
1,500 
225 
1,275 
15.0 
Iraq .............................................. 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
Qatar ............................................ 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
Algeria ......................................... 
1,000 
500 
75 
425 
5.0 
Bahrain ........................................ 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Egypt ........................................... 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Syria ............................................ 
600 
300 
45 
255
(4)
 
3.0 
 
20,000 
10,000 
1,500 
8,500 
100.0 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) All shares have a nominal value of U.S.$1,000. 
(2) Subscribed capital is the sum of issued and fully paid capital and capital which remains callable if 
recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by APICORP's general assembly. In April 2016, 
APICORP's subscribed capital was increased to U.S.$2,000 million from U.S.$1,500 million. In April 
2020, APICORP's subscribed capital was increased to U.S.$10,000 million. 
(3) Based on issued and fully paid capital. 
(4) Restricted due to APICORP sanctions compliance policy. 
In May 2011, the shareholders agreed to change APICORP's capital structure by introducing callable capital 
in the amount of U.S.$750 million. Callable capital, which can be requested in order to service debt, to 
expand development operations (while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) or to absorb losses from 
treasury or development-related assets, is a joint and several obligation of each member country to provide 
additional capital within two months when called. In April 2016, the shareholders' U.S.$1 billion line of 
credit was replaced with additional callable capital, which increased total callable capital to U.S.$1 billion. 
On 12 April 2020, the shareholders approved the following changes in APICORP's capital: 
 
an increase in authorised capital from U.S.$2.4 billion to U.S.$20 billion;

--- Page 91 ---
- 79 - 
 
an increase in paid up capital from U.S.$ 1 billion to U.S.$1.5 billion through the transfer of 
U.S.$500 million from reserves: and 
 
an increase in callable capital from U.S.$1 billion to U.S.$8.5 billion, bringing the subscribed 
capital to U.S.$10 billion. 
Although APICORP does not have specific guarantees from its shareholders, APICORP believes that the 
introduction of callable capital demonstrates stronger support than the line of credit made available by its 
shareholders in 2008. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme—APICORP is a multilateral development bank without 
guarantee-related support from its shareholders". 
The rights of the shareholders are contained in the Establishing Agreement and APICORP is managed in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the Establishing Agreement. The Establishing Agreement 
ensures that APICORP is not controlled by any single member state. All resolutions are required to be 
approved by a majority of the votes cast, with each shareholder having one vote per share held. 
APICORP is independent in its administration and in the performance of its activities and carries out its 
operations on a commercial basis with the intention of generating a profit. 
APICORP's financial year corresponds to the calendar year. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had total 
assets of U.S.$7,892.8 million, including U.S.$3,914.2 million in loans and advances and U.S.$1,005.5 
million in direct and indirect equity investments. The Group also has a significant treasury investment 
portfolio of debt securities held at FVOCI, amounting to U.S.$2,324.8 million as at 31 December 2020, 
which is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to the Group's two other more cyclical 
business lines of lending to, and making equity investments in, relevant projects. 
In 2020, the Group had net interest income of U.S.$197.7 million and received U.S.$47.0 million in 
dividend income. The Group's profit for 2020 was U.S.$115.1 million. 
The Group's headquarters are located in Dammam, Saudi Arabia. In addition, APICORP has a wholesale 
banking branch in Manama, Bahrain, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. Its headquarters 
office address is Dammam Coast Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Saudi Arabia and its 
telephone number is +966 (0) 3 847 0444. 
HISTORY 
Following its establishment, APICORP commenced loan financing and direct equity investment activity 
with various Arab petroleum companies. Trade financing of petroleum, gas and petrochemicals began in 
1987. In 2001, the Group commenced financial advisory services to assist the OAPEC Member States and 
companies within them with the financing of their projects. In the same year, the Board of Directors (the 
"Board") approved the Group's expansion into the power generation sector, with a strategic focus on 
generation or transmission facilities which support the development of energy-related industry projects. In 
2007, the Board approved the financing of energy intensive industries such as aluminium and the 
establishment of energy funds. The Group continued to support the energy sector throughout the global 
financial crisis, including at times when market liquidity was significantly constrained. 
In 2006, APICORP established its branch in Bahrain with a view to broadening its financing services. 
APICORP's initial authorised share capital was SAR 3.6 billion (U.S.$960 million) and its initial subscribed 
capital was SAR 1.2 billion (U.S.$320 million). APICORP's authorised and subscribed capital have 
increased since then, most recently to U.S.$20 billion and U.S.$10.0 billion, respectively, in April 2020. 
LEGAL STATUS OF APICORP 
APICORP is a corporation established in accordance with a special international agreement, the 
Establishing Agreement, is hosted by Saudi Arabia and enjoys, with respect to OAPEC Member States and 
third parties, all the rights and privileges of nationality which national companies enjoy in each Member 
State. APICORP is subject to the provisions of the Establishing Agreement, which are expressed to prevail 
in the event that there is a conflict with the internal laws of any OAPEC Member State. APICORP is also 
exempt from the payment of duties, taxes and all public financial costs and burdens in respect of all 
operations related to its objectives. APICORP is also exempted from any special fees related to subscription,

--- Page 92 ---
- 80 - 
incorporation, registration, increase of capital, dissolution and liquidation. The Establishing Agreement 
explicitly grants APICORP privileges throughout the OAPEC Member States. These privileges include: 
 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States, jointly and severally, to support APICORP, 
although see "Risk factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme—APICORP is a multilateral development bank without 
guarantee-related support from its shareholders"; 
 
APICORP's rights and privileges of nationality within any OAPEC Member State; 
 
APICORP's exemptions from payment of duties and all public and financial costs within OAPEC 
Member States; 
 
APICORP's exemption from any currency controls, including from convertibility and transfer 
restrictions; 
 
support for APICORP's personnel in entry and residency throughout the OAPEC Member States; 
and 
 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States to refrain from appropriating any of APICORP's 
assets. 
APICORP's shareholders and their shareholdings have remained unchanged since it was established. The 
Establishing Agreement provides that only member countries of OAPEC may be shareholders in 
APICORP. If any shareholder ceases to be an OAPEC Member State, it would also cease to be a shareholder 
in APICORP and its shares would be distributed among the remaining OAPEC Member State shareholders 
on a pro rata basis. 
STRATEGY 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank that contributes to the growth, development and 
transformation of the Arab energy industries through the following activities: 
 
providing debt funding in the form of project finance, asset-based finance and structured trade 
finance; 
 
providing financial structuring and advisory services; 
 
providing equity funding to companies and projects; and 
 
providing industry and economic research. 
APICORP believes that the energy sector in the MENA region and beyond offers significant prospects for 
investors both in terms of the number of energy and related projects and the scale of the investment required. 
APICORP aims to consolidate its role as a leading development institution that focuses on the energy and 
related sectors. 
The Group has been implementing and refining its strategy since 2014. The strategy was originally 
developed with the assistance of Boston Consulting Group and approved by the Board towards the end of 
2013. A revised strategy was developed with the assistance of AT Kearney and approved by the Board in 
2019. 
The Group's main strategic initiatives include: 
 
thriving in the transitioning energy world by growing lending in Arab countries undergoing 
transition, enhancing the performance of existing investments, pursuing a balanced approach to 
investments with a shorter exit cycle, expanding the Group's green energy portfolio (which 
includes a wide range of low and no emission, as well as clean, ventures) and embedding 
environmental, social and governance principles across the Group's businesses;

--- Page 93 ---
- 81 - 
 
leading the financing of energy players and related sectors, with the main initiatives being to 
institutionalise client-centric business development, expand financial solutions and approaches 
and mobilise external funding for the energy sector; 
 
diversifying and deepening its client base through expanding lending to the regional private sector 
and conducting business with energy traders; 
 
shaping the energy landscape in the Arab world by advising governments and stakeholders on 
energy policy and strategy and enhancing thought leadership in the energy sector; and 
 
building agile and efficient internal and external ecosystems through strategic partnerships, 
improved organisation, people and culture and enhancement of processes and systems. 
In addition, in order to support the efforts of its shareholders in combating COVID 19 and mitigating its 
expected economic impacts, APICORP has announced a financial support package with a total value of 
U.S.$500 million. APICORP believes that the countercyclical role of this intervention will support its 
shareholders' initiatives to ameliorate the impact of COVID 19 in their respective countries and the impact 
of the overall low oil price environment on their economies. The U.S.$500 million package was committed 
and more than half of it was disbursed in 2020 and the balance is in the course of being disbursed. The 
deployment is supporting, in particular, sustainable impact-driven initiatives by extending funding for 
projects and working capital purposes within the areas of utilities, renewables and petrochemicals, amongst 
other energy sub-sectors. APICORP has also increased its support to energy-related trade flows within the 
Arab region, particularly for the benefit of the countries that have been most severely impacted by the 
pandemic. 
STRENGTHS 
The Group believes that it benefits from a number of strengths. These include: 
Sovereign ownership and special privileges 
APICORP is 100 per cent. owned by OAPEC Member State governments, 64.0 per cent. owned by GCC 
governments and 51 per cent. owned by Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the UAE collectively. APICORP benefits 
from a number of special privileges afforded to it by the Establishing Agreement, see "—Legal status of 
APICORP" above. APICORP also has de facto preferred creditor status by virtue of its status as a 
multilateral development bank. De facto preferred creditor status is based solely on historical practice in 
relation to multilateral development banks. Preferred creditor status is not, however, a legal status. The 
preferred creditor status enjoyed by APICORP is also reflected in the fact that the OAPEC Member States 
have, in the Establishing Agreement, exempted APICORP from all restrictions relating to currency control 
and fund transfer. 
Strong shareholder support 
The Establishing Agreement provides that the OAPEC Member States undertake: 
 
jointly and severally, to support APICORP, protect it and embrace its causes in every way that 
ensures the protection of its rights and interests internationally and otherwise (although APICORP 
does not benefit from a specific guarantee from its shareholders); and 
 
to facilitate all the activities related to APICORP's objectives and to adopt all possible measures to 
that end. 
The OAPEC Member States have supported each of APICORP's six capital increases since it was 
established and have also supported it with significant deposits. The Group also benefits from U.S.$8.5 
billion in callable capital, which provides a further indication of potential future shareholder support. In 
addition, the OAPEC Member States elected not to declare dividends in respect of each of 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2019 and 2020 to further strengthen APICORP's financial position. Total 
dividends of U.S.$30 million and U.S.$30.8 million were declared in respect of 2017 and 2018, 
respectively. OAPEC Member States, through their representatives on the Board, provide APICORP with 
opportunities to participate in, or initiate, projects in OAPEC Member States.

--- Page 94 ---
- 82 - 
The Moody's ratings report of October 2020 noted that APICORP's shareholders' willingness to support it, given 
its strategic mandate for the 10 OAPEC member states is a credit strength, indicated most recently by the April 
2020 capital increase.  The report also notes that APICORP's credit profile reflects its strong capital adequacy, 
robust asset quality and a relatively low level of non- performing assets. 
Solid capitalisation and low leverage 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's capital adequacy ratios determined in accordance with Basel II 
methodology were 31.21 per cent. (for total capital) and 30.21 per cent. (for Tier 1 capital). The Group's 
total capital ratio has remained around 28 per cent. since 2009, supported by the quality of its asset portfolio 
and its strong track record of profitability. 
The Group seeks to maintain conservative leverage levels, which it calculates as its total liabilities divided 
by its total equity and non-controlling interests. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's 
leverage levels were 2.23 times, 2.13 times and 2.07 times, respectively. 
Sustained and strong financial performance 
The Group has been profitable in almost every year since it was established, including throughout the global 
financial crisis. In October 2019, Moody's upgraded APICORP's ratings from Aa3 to Aa2 with a stable 
outlook, principally reflecting steady and sustained improvements in its liquidity and funding profile 
coupled with a track record of strong asset performance, and it affirmed that rating in October 2020. In June 
2020, Fitch assigned APICORP an AA long-term issuer default rating with stable outlook. 
In particular, in its October 2020 ratings report, Moody's noted that APICORP's liquidity and funding 
profile had improved substantially in recent years, highlighted by its reduced reliance on short-term deposits 
for funding and its increased presence in the international debt markets. 
The Group also has a low and stable amount of NPLs which were U.S.$16.5 million as at 31 December 
2020, U.S.$14.0 million as at 31 December 2019 and U.S.$12.5 million as at 31 December 2018. These 
mainly comprise one Libyan loan, which is fully covered by provisions and cash collateral held. The 
Group's NPLs comprised 0.41 per cent., 0.37 per cent. and 0.34 per cent., respectively, of its total gross 
loans as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
Focus on strategic energy sector and geographically focussed on the GCC 
The Group focuses on financing projects in the oil and gas, petrochemical and energy sectors and has 
developed significant expertise in these areas since it was established in 1975. As at 31 December 2020, 
71.0 per cent. of APICORP's assets were located in the GCC and 32.0 per cent. and 8.6 per cent. were 
located in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, respectively. 
BUSINESS 
The Group has three principal business areas: 
 
project finance, asset-based finance, trade finance, structured commodity finance and financial 
advisory (together referred to as "Corporate Banking"); 
 
captive private equity investments through direct or indirect equity investments (together referred 
to as "Investments"); and 
 
funding and liquidity management and the investment of excess liquidity in the Group's investment 
portfolio (together referred to as treasury and capital markets or "T&CM"). 
Corporate Banking principally provides debt finance and financial advisory services to businesses and 
projects in the oil and gas and related energy sectors. 
Investments principally invests in businesses and projects in the oil and gas and related energy sectors 
through direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through funds. 
T&CM is principally responsible for funding and managing the Group's liquidity needs and for investing 
its excess liquidity.

--- Page 95 ---
- 83 - 
The Group also publishes macro-economic research, with a focus on the oil and gas and related energy 
sectors. 
Corporate Banking 
Introduction 
Corporate Banking arranges financing through loans and credits for projects developed by local, regional 
and international sponsors in the energy sector. This financing activity is a major contributor to the Group's 
interest income, with loans and advances contributing U.S.$112.3 million, or 56.8 per cent., of the Group's 
total interest income in 2020. The Group also provides financial advisory services to clients when 
specifically requested, primarily to assist them in raising finance but also in terms of project development 
guidance, financial feasibility studies, validation of commercial viability and structure and transaction 
structuring. This advice generates a small amount of fee income. Including other minor sources of income, 
Corporate Banking generated total income of U.S.$136.7 million in 2020, U.S.$197.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$149.7 million in 2018, equal to 69.1 per cent., 70.7 per cent. and 61.0 per cent., respectively, of the 
Group's gross interest income in each year. 
Products and services 
Corporate Banking principally arranges medium- to long-term finance, although it also offers shorter-term 
trade finance and structured commodity finance. The Group offers loans and credits both on a conventional 
and on an Islamic finance basis. Key medium- to long-term finance products include project finance, asset- 
based finance (vessels and rigs), reserve-based finance, acquisition finance, equity bridge finance and 
working capital finance. 
The Group offers a suite of trade finance products and services, comprising letters of credit ("LCs") and 
letters of guarantee; and the handling of export LCs, including advising, negotiation and confirmation. The 
Group's range of structured commodity finance products includes transactional and inventory financings, 
borrowing base facilities, pre-export financings and prepayment facilities. 
Although the Group does not have its own Islamic banking unit and Shari'a board, it typically arranges and 
advises on Islamic transactions and has established strong relationships with major participants in the 
Islamic finance industry. In line with its current strategy, in 2014, the Group launched an initiative to 
increase the visibility of its Islamic finance capabilities, and started to systematically offer Shari'a- 
compliant finance solutions to its clients along with conventional products. As a result, the share of Islamic 
finance assets as a percentage of the Group's total unimpaired portfolio of loans and advances grew from 
approximately 27 per cent. at 1 January 2015 to 34.0 per cent. at 31 December 2020. 
Clients 
Corporate Banking's client base includes the national oil and gas companies of the OAPEC Member States, 
international companies which are active in the MENA region and a select group of privately owned 
companies from the MENA region. Corporate Banking's particular focus in relation to its medium- and 
longer-term financing is investment projects that are deemed strategic because of their economic impact, 
size, location, technology or diversification. These projects typically have strong support from their 
sponsors, which frequently include governments. Through participating in arranging and implementing the 
financing for these investments, Corporate Banking has developed close and long-standing relationships 
with the sponsors of these projects. 
Corporate Banking also enjoys close relationships with all the major international and regional financial 
institutions which are active in financing the energy industry throughout the MENA region, and beyond 
when the project or trade transaction financed benefits the MENA region. Therefore, in terms of geography, 
the Group does not focus exclusively on transactions within the Arab world but is also supporting its Arab 
clients in their projects and trade flows outside the Arab region. The Group exclusively finances the energy 
sector and is active throughout the energy value chain. The segments within these sectors financed by the 
Group include: 
 
upstream: oil field services and drilling; offshore service vessels; and mining; 
 
midstream: oil and product tankers; liquefied natural gas ("LNG") tankers; pipelines and oil and 
product terminals;

--- Page 96 ---
- 84 - 
 
downstream: refinery, petrochemical and gas projects; 
 
utilities: conventional power and water desalination projects; water treatment; waste management 
and renewables projects; and 
 
energy intensive: aluminium and metals; cement; and polysilicon. 
Lending criteria 
Corporate Banking aims to finance investment projects and commodity trade flows which have a strong 
economic rationale and that meet a strategic purpose. The criteria applied by the Group when selecting 
transactions include: 
 
the strategic fit of the transaction and the impact of the Group's involvement in it; 
 
the quality of the sponsors, the degree of their commitment and the strength of the Group's 
relationship with them; 
 
the economic rationale, resilience and competitiveness of the project; 
 
the degree of export orientation and foreign currency generation; 
 
the degree of protection of the project from local factors, such as exchange rates, inflation and 
regulation; 
 
the strength of the credit terms, including security, collateral and sponsor support; 
 
the involvement along with the Group of export credit agencies, developmental agencies and 
multilateral development institutions in the financing in high political risk countries; 
 
the role and visibility of the Group in the financing; and 
 
the remuneration – the Group provides medium-to long-term financing at market rates. However, 
while profit is an important factor, its decision to advance financing is not solely driven by 
profitability and it also takes into account the developmental impact of the project. 
As a general rule, a country which has significant economic or political challenges is considered a less 
robust sponsor. In these instances, the Group's criteria concerning equity, project structure, guarantees, 
export-credits and multilateral financings are more stringent. 
The Group requires prior approval from its credit and investment committee and from the Board before 
committing to any funded or unfunded credit facility. Each approval is required to be supported by a detailed 
credit application, which includes a thorough due diligence and a comprehensive rating scorecard specific 
to the nature of the transaction. 
APICORP maintains country specific lending limits, single obligor limits, single group level limits and 
rating wise portfolio limits for its Corporate Banking business. 
The country limit for member countries is limited to 10 times their respective equity contributions, while 
the country cap for non-member countries is linked to their sovereign ratings as well as to a certain 
percentage of APICORP's total shareholders' equity, the maximum being 30 per cent. The maximum single 
obligor limit is 10 per cent. of the Group's net worth (being its total assets less its total liabilities). In 
addition, no lending commitment to any one group of companies may exceed 25 per cent. of the Group's 
net worth. 
Lending portfolio 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for a discussion of the 
Group's portfolio of loans and advances.

--- Page 97 ---
- 85 - 
Commitments to lend and guarantees 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Commitments and contingent liabilities" for a discussion of the Group's commitments to underwrite and 
fund loans, subscribe capital to investments, provide guarantees of investee company obligations and make 
certain other commitments. 
Investments 
Introduction 
Investments invests directly in private and public companies and/or indirectly in such companies through 
an investment in funds. The private companies invested in operate in the oil and gas industries, and in other 
industries derived from, ancillary to, associated with and/or complementary to, the oil and gas industry. 
Priority is given to Arab joint ventures which benefit OAPEC Member States and enhance their capability 
to utilise their petroleum resources. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's direct and indirect equity investment portfolio managed by portfolio 
management team within Investments (the "Investments' Portfolio") comprised 21 direct equity 
investments in companies, one capital commitment in a fund, an equity interest in a shipping fund and a 
managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. Of the investments in companies, 19 are in 
companies located in nine Arab countries: seven in Saudi Arabia, three in Egypt, two in Libya, two in Kuwait 
and one each in Bahrain, Iraq, Tunisia, Jordan and the UAE. The remaining two investments are in 
companies based in the United Kingdom. The portfolio includes nine investments in the oil and gas sector, 
six in the chemicals sector, three in power, one in capital goods, one in construction materials and one in 
logistics. Three of these investments have been fully impaired. 
In addition to direct equity investments, the Group has also committed capital to invest in the IFC MENA 
Fund, as discussed further under "—Equity investment portfolio" below. The Group's commitment to the 
IFC MENA Fund is U.S.$10.8 million. 
The Group also has a 94 per cent. equity interest in APICORP Petroleum Shipping Fund ("APSF"), an 
investment vehicle that owns five medium range petroleum products tankers that were leased, on a bareboat 
basis, to an international trading company. This charter expired in February 2018 and, since then, the vessels 
have been employed using a combination of index-linked charters and pool employment structures. 
During 2017, APICORP entered into a managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. for the 
creation of an investment partnership vehicle aimed at pursuing global energy co-investments. Goldman, 
Sachs & Co., through its Merchant Banking Division, acts as the Investment Manager for the investment 
partnership vehicle, which aims to make private equity co-investments in a diversified, global portfolio of 
energy assets, alongside Goldman Sachs' West Street Capital Partners VII funds. As at 31 December 2020, 
APICORP has completed three co-investments in North America through this investment vehicle, in the oil 
field services sector, the natural gas gathering and processing sector and the engineering, procurement and 
construction contracting sector, respectively. 
In 2019, the Group: 
 
entered the Kuwait market through the acquisition of a 24 per cent. shareholding in Al-Khorayef 
United Holding Company ("Al Khorayef") which owns and manages oil and gas gathering and 
steam injection facilities; 
 
as part of its investment in Al Khorayef, the Group also acquired a 24 per cent. stake in GC-16 
Project ("GC-16 JV") which is a joint venture set up to build, operate and maintain an oil 
production facility in West Kuwait; 
 
re-entered the UAE market, after its exit from NPS in 2018, by acquiring an 11.8 per cent. 
shareholding in Yellow Door Energy ("YDE"), a distributed solar generation business; 
 
in conjunction with Buckthorn, acquired a 10.3 per cent. shareholding in a specialised wellbore 
services platform ("Coretrax"), which owns and operates three small businesses, namely Coretrax, 
Mohawk and Churchill;

--- Page 98 ---
- 86 - 
 
participated in the initial public offering of ARAMCO by subscribing a small shareholding which 
was valued at U.S.$21.7 million as at 31 December 2020; and 
 
acquired an incremental 10 per cent. shareholding in Ashtead Technology, an existing investment 
which since the acquisition of the additional shareholding which brought the total shareholding to 
32.9 per cent. has been equity accounted as an associate. 
In 2020, APICORP's exposure to the power sector, particularly renewables, increased when it acquired a 
20 per cent. shareholding in Jordan Wind Power Company ("JPWC"), its first investment in Jordan. 
APICORP also took advantage of the recovery in demand for, and pricing of, petrochemical products 
following the COVID 19 lockdowns when it partially exited its investment in YANSAB in the fourth 
quarter of 2020. 
Investments' Portfolio contributes to the Group's objectives of developing the energy industries in the 
MENA region. The total fair value of the portfolio was U.S.$1.0 billion as at 31 December 2020. The 
portfolio generated dividend income of U.S.$47.0 million in 2020, U.S.$64.4 million in 2019 and U.S.$52.1 
million in 2018, equal to 26.6 per cent., 39.3 per cent. and 20.6 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total 
income in each year. 
Most of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are held at fair value, although Investments' 
Portfolio also includes two investments, APSF and APICORP Managed Account Investment Vehicle, 
which are consolidated as subsidiaries and five investments, Falcon Cement Company, Ashtead 
Technology, Al Khorayef, GC-16 JV and JPWC, which are equity accounted associates. In addition, all 
investments made through the managed account investment partnership vehicle with Goldman Sachs & Co. 
are held as investments designated at FVTPL. 
Investment criteria 
The Group typically invests in meaningful minority stakes when making direct equity investments and acts 
in a fiduciary and advisory capacity through board representation. The Group typically does not exercise 
significant direct influence over the management or operations of its investee companies. 
The Group's investment guidelines for equity investments include: 
 
a targeted minimum level of dividend yield to be maintained in the overall equity Investments' 
Portfolio; 
 
the targeting of investments in the energy sector as well as in industries derived from, ancillary to, 
associated with, and/or complementary to, this sector. The guidelines also make allowance for a 
limited level of investment outside these sectors; 
 
the prioritisation of investments in the MENA region and broadly investments with an Arab 
connection, with allowance for investments beyond these criteria subject to adhering to specific 
requirements; 
 
the provision for direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through funds; 
 
guidance on the collective level of investments in companies at different stages of the business life 
cycle, with a specific limit on investments in the early stages of development; 
 
guidance on targeted investment return ranges; 
 
guidance on preferred investment size ranges and a limit on the maximum size of each new 
investment; 
 
guidance on the preferred level of shareholding and board representation; 
 
guidance on the preferred and maximum investment periods; 
 
guidance on qualitative and developmental factors to be considered; and 
 
guidance on the preferred types of partners in equity investments.

--- Page 99 ---
- 87 - 
Investments' Portfolio 
The table below summarises Investments' Portfolio at 31 December 2020. These investments are at FVOCI, save where noted below. The investees listed below are considered 
to be related parties if they are based in an OAPEC Member State. 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Arab Drilling and Workover 
Company (ADWOC), Libya 
LD 60 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$44.8 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
20.00% 
Arab 
Petroleum 
Services 
Co. 
("APSCO"), Libya; First Energy Bank, 
Bahrain 
Drilling and related operations in the Arab 
world 
Arab Company for Detergent 
Chemicals (ARADET), Iraq(1) 
IR 36 million 
(equal to U.S.$25 
thousand as at 31 
December 2020) 
32.00% 
Iraqi, Saudi Arabian and Kuwaiti 
governments; Arab Mining Company, 
Amman, Jordan; The Arab Investments 
Co., Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of linear alkyl 
benzene (LAB) and by-products 
Tankage Mediterranee 
(TANKMED), Tunisia 
TD 30 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$11.2 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
20.00% 
Tunisian Petro Enterprise; National Oil 
Distribution 
Company; 
Bank 
of 
Tunisia/Saudi Bank of Tunisia/Kuwait 
Storage and handling of petroleum products at 
La Skhira terminal 
Arab Geophysical Exploration 
Services Company (AGESCO), 
Libya(1) 
LD 35 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$26.1 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
16.67% 
APSCO, Libya; National Oil Company, 
Libya 
Providing seismic services for the oil and gas 
industry in the Arab world 
Saudi European Petrochemical 
Company (IBN ZAHR), Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 1,025 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$273.3 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
10.00% 
Saudi Basic Industries Corporation 
("SABIC"), Saudi Arabia; Ecofuel, Italy 
Production and marketing of methyl tertiary 
butyl ether (MTBE) and polypropylene ("PP")

--- Page 100 ---
- 88 - 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
The Arabian Industrial Fibers 
Company (IBN RUSHD), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 2,000 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$533.3 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
3.45% 
SABIC, 
Saudi 
Arabia; 
Public 
Investments Fund ("PIF"), Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of aromatics, 
purified terephthalic acid (PTA) and polyester 
fibres 
Yanbu National Petrochemical 
Company (YANSAB), Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 5,625 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$1,500 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
1.00% 
SABIC, Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of polyethylene, 
ethylene, glycol, PP and other by-products 
Egyptian Methanex Methanol 
Company (EMethanex), Egypt 
U.S.$215 million 
17.00% 
Methanex 
Corporation, 
Canada; 
Egyptian 
Petrochemicals 
Holding 
Company ("Echem"), Egypt; Egyptian 
Natural Gas Holding Company ("Egas"), 
Egypt; Egyptian Natural Gas Company 
("EGASCO"), Egypt 
Production and marketing of methanol 
Misr Oil Processing Company 
(MOPCO), Egypt 
EGP 2,291 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$145.2 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
3.03% 
Echem, 
Egypt; 
Agrium, 
Canada; 
National Investments Bank, Egypt; Egas, 
Egypt; EGASCO, Egypt 
Production and marketing of ammonia and 
urea 
The Egyptian Bahraini Gas 
Derivative Company 
(EBGDCO), Egypt 
U.S.$25 million 
20.00% 
Egas, Egypt; Danagas, Bahrain 
Recovery and marketing of propane and butane 
The Industrialization & Energy 
Services Company (TAQA), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 5,000 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$1,333.3 
million as at 31 
December 2020) 
5.86% 
PIF, Saudi Arabia; General Organization 
for Social Insurance (GOSI), Saudi 
Arabia 
Energy and related sectors (drilling, oil and gas 
fields services, seamless pipe manufacturing 
and industrial gases, among others)

--- Page 101 ---
- 89 - 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Saudi Mechanical Industries 
Co. (SMI), Saudi Arabia 
SAR 250 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$66.7 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
15.00% 
Fajr 
Capital; 
Jadwa 
Investment 
Company 
Industrial Manufacturing (oil and gas, water 
pump systems and engineering components) 
Falcon Cement Company 
B.S.C., Bahrain(2) 
BD 17.4 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$46.1 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
30.00% 
Gulf Finance House; BCC Building 
Materials; Abu Dhabi Financial Group  
Production and marketing of cement 
BPInv2 HoldCo Ltd. - Ashtead 
Technology, United Kingdom(2) 
GBP 24.6 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$33.4 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
32.90% 
Buckthorn Partners LLP 
Holding company which owns Ashtead 
Technology, a sub-sea equipment and services 
business 
Shuqaiq International Water 
and Electricity Company, Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 3 million 
(equal to U.S.$0.8 
million as at 31 
December 2020) 
8.00% 
ACWA Power 
Holding company for the Shuqaiq Independent 
Water & Power Project 
Al-Khorayef United Holding 
Company(2) 
KD 4 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$13.1 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
24.00% 
Al Khorayef Group; United Oil Projects 
Company 
Ownership and management of oil and gas 
gathering and steam injection facilities 
GC-16 JV(2) 
—(3) 
24.00% 
Al Khorayef Group;  
A joint venture set up to build, own and operate 
an oil production facility 
Yellow Door Energy (YDE) 
U.S.$80.6 million 
11.80% 
International 
Finance 
Corporation; 
Mitsui & Co.; Adenium; Energy Capital; 
Equinor 
Distributed solar energy systems

--- Page 102 ---
- 90 - 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
BPInv4 HoldCo Ltd. – 
Coretrax, United Kingdom 
GBP 56.9 million 
(equal to 
U.S.$77.3 million 
as at 31 December 
2020) 
10.30% 
Buckthorn Partners LLP 
Holding company that owns Coretrax, a 
platform that owns and operates specialised 
wellbore services companies 
Saudi Arabian Oil Company 
(ARAMCO), Saudi Arabia 
SAR 87.0 billion 
(equal to 
U.S.$23.2 billion 
as at 31 
December 2020) 
NM 
Government of Saudi Arabia 
Engaged in activities relating to the energy 
industry, including hydrocarbons, chemicals 
and other associated and complementary 
industries 
IntraTaf Holding – Jordan 
Wind Power Company 
(JWPC), Jordan(2) 
U.S.$28.0 million 
20.00% 
Masdar; Al Blagha Group 
Holding company that owns Tafila Wind 
Farms, an independent wind power project in 
Jordan 
IFC Middle East and North 
Africa Fund, LLP (IFC Fund) 
U.S.$108.0 
million(4) 
10.00% 
IFC Founder Partner, LLC; Arab Fund 
for Economic and Social Development; 
The Arab Investment Company; Japan 
International Cooperation Agency 
Investment in equity, quasi-equity or equity-
related investments in IFC's member countries 
in the MENA region 
APICORP Petroleum Shipping 
Fund (APSF)(5) 
U.S.$38.8 million 
94.00% 
Tufton Oceanic (ME) Ltd 
An investment vehicle that owns five medium 
range petroleum products tankers 
APICORP Managed Account 
Investment Vehicle, North 
America (MAIV)(5) 
U.S.$84.6 
million(6) 
100.00% 
— 
Energy related 
NM  
Not meaningful. 
(1)  
Fully impaired investment. 
(2)  
Equity accounted associate. 
(3)  
Joint Venture does not have any paid-up share capital. 
(4) Total committed capital. IFC Middle East and North Africa Fund, LLP (IFC Fund) is classified as an investment at FVTPL.

--- Page 103 ---
- 91 - 
(5) Consolidated as a subsidiary. 
(6) Capital contributed by APICORP as at 31 December 2019. This account is managed by Goldman, Sachs & Co. The vehicle has made three investments as at 31 December 2020, which are Lucid Energy Group II LLC, BJ Services, LLC and McDermott International, 
and each of which is designated at FVTPL. The investments in McDermott and BJ Services have been fully impaired as at 31 December in 2020. The APICORP Managed Account Investment Vehicle, North America (MAIV) is consolidated as a subsidiary of 
APICORP.

--- Page 104 ---
- 92 - 
The table below summarises the geographical spread of Investments' Portfolio at 31 December 2020. 
Country 
No. of 
investme
nts 
Fair 
value at 
31 
Decembe
r 2020 
Percenta
ge of 
portfolio 
 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia ...............................................................................  
7 
663.2  
66.0 
Egypt ..........................................................................................  
3 
152.0  
15.1 
Libya ..........................................................................................  
2 
9.6  
1.0 
Tunisia ........................................................................................  
1 
11.1  
1.1 
Iraq  ............................................................................................  
1 
0.0  
0.0 
Kuwait ........................................................................................  
2 
37.6  
3.7 
UAE  ..........................................................................................  
1 
10.8  
1.1 
MENA(1) .....................................................................................  
1 
3.6  
0.4 
Bahrain .......................................................................................  
1 
16.4  
1.6 
Jordan .........................................................................................  
1 
23.4  
2.3 
United Kingdom .........................................................................  
2 
45.2  
4.5 
North America(2) .........................................................................  
1 
32.6  
3.2 
 
23(3) 
1,005.5  
100.0 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) Comprises the investment in the IFC MENA Fund 
(2) Comprises the investments made through the managed account investment partnership with Goldman 
Sachs & Co. 
(3)  Excludes the investment in APSF, which is a consolidated subsidiary. 
Each company in Investments' Portfolio has its own dividend policy, which is usually governed by the 
amount of the annual profit earned, the company's liquidity, its business growth plans and the policies and 
priorities of the majority shareholders. 
Exit strategy 
Investments' Portfolio management team is responsible for identifying potential exit opportunities, 
assessing the feasibility and desirability of potential exits and recommending potential divestments to the 
appropriate decision making body in accordance with the Group's approved authority matrix. In addition, 
the team is responsible for the effective execution of exit mandates in line with the Group's investment 
guidelines. 
Given its development mandate, the Group's direct and indirect equity investments have typically been 
long-term and strategic in nature. For example, five of its current direct equity investments have been held 
for over 30 years and the average holding period in Investments' Portfolio is approximately 13 years. 
The Group's only full exit in relation to a direct equity investment since 1 January 2017 is the sale of its 
29.12 per cent. interest in NPS, which completed in June 2018.  In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2020 
the Group sold a part of its investment in YANSAB. 
The Group is also in the final stages of exiting from two direct equity investments, one of which is based 
in Egypt and the other in Tunisia. The share sale agreement for the transactions was executed in early 2021 
and the sales are expected to be completed in the near future. The share sales agreement is conditional and 
there remains a risk that these transactions may not be completed.

--- Page 105 ---
- 93 - 
Treasury and capital markets (T&CM) 
Introduction 
T&CM's mandate is to: 
 
ensure that APICORP is adequately funded and that a diverse range of counterparties, products 
and maturity profiles are available at any given time. See further "Management's discussion and 
analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Liquidity and funding— 
Funding"; 
 
manage market risks proactively. See further "Risk management—Market risk management"; and 
 
manage an investment portfolio with the aim of providing enhanced earnings not correlated to the 
Group's other two main cyclical business lines. 
As at 31 December 2020, T&CM had assets of U.S.$2,761.7 million. The total market value of the securities 
in T&CM's treasury investments portfolio (being its portfolio of debt securities held at FVOCI) at 31 
December 2020 was U.S.$2,324.8 million, and was principally invested in issuers with ratings between 
AAA and A. The average rating of the portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was AA. During 2020, the T&CM 
treasury investments portfolio generated U.S.$47.7 million of interest income, equal to 24.1 per cent. of the 
Group's total interest income in that year. 
Investment strategy 
T&CM operates out of two centres: APICORP's head office in Dammam and APICORP's branch in 
Bahrain. Both treasuries work closely together, and consider their operations as one, except to the extent 
that local regulation dictates otherwise. 
The Group's treasury investment strategy is conservative, targeting high quality assets and liquid 
investments aiming to provide a stable and reliable source of income throughout different economic and 
market conditions and un-correlated to the economic cycles inherent in the Corporate Banking and 
Investments business lines. T&CM's investment policy permits investments in three major asset classes, 
fixed income securities (including treasury bills), funds and equities. 
The aim of this strategy is to enhance profitability by providing stable year-on-year returns over cost of 
funds and to manage the Group's liquidity while remaining within defined risk parameters. The majority of 
the T&CM investment portfolio comprises fixed income securities which can either be sold or used to raise 
finance through sale and repurchase transactions if necessary. 
The allocation of investments is mainly based on the performance outlook of each asset class, taking into 
account liquidity considerations, which on occasion leads the Group to adjust its asset mix to ensure that it 
maintains a conservative approach. T&CM endeavours to avoid significant volatility in its investment 
portfolio and focuses on capital preservation. Currently, the majority of the portfolio is invested in fixed 
income securities, all of which are denominated in U.S. dollars and none of which include embedded 
derivative elements. 
T&CM treasury investments portfolio 
T&CM's treasury investments portfolio is discussed further under "Management's discussion and analysis 
of financial position and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of certain statement of financial 
position items—Treasury investment portfolio". 
COMPETITION 
The Group's primary competition is from regional, international and development banks which have 
recognised expertise in project finance, ship finance and structured commodity finance as well as the 
financing of energy projects and energy trade in the MENA region. However, in many cases competitors 
on certain deals are also partners on other deals leading to competitive partnership. The Group is also 
increasingly facing competition from local banks in their own jurisdictions which have established expertise 
in the project financing area and are prepared to support aggressively their national champions and 
landmark projects. These banks also benefit from the ability to fund themselves with low cost retail deposits

--- Page 106 ---
- 94 - 
in their local currency. This competition directly impacts the Group's ability to win advisory and structuring 
mandates and also affects the pricing of transactions, particularly at times where there is significant market 
liquidity. This competition may also lead to certain transactions being structured in a more aggressive 
manner than the Group considers appropriate in light of the risks involved. 
With regard to direct equity investments, the Group's competition includes investment funds and private 
equity companies, large family holding companies with interest in the oil and gas industry, and energy 
project developers. 
See generally "Risk Factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme—The Group faces significant and increasing competition". 
COMPLIANCE 
The Group is committed to building and maintaining a culture of ethical behaviour, corporate governance 
and regulatory compliance. The Group's compliance function is independent from its business activities. 
Among other things, the compliance function is responsible for: 
 
determining the internal measures and procedures needed to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, procedures and internal standards and providing appropriate guidance to employees; 
 
monitoring adherence to all applicable laws, regulations, procedures and internal standards either 
directly or by delegating this responsibility to other clearly identified departments or persons as 
part of the Group's internal control process; 
 
assisting management in ensuring that all activities are conducted in conformity with all applicable 
requirements; and 
 
assessing the appropriateness of the Group's compliance-related guidelines and, where necessary, 
proposing amendments. 
The Group's Compliance and Anti-money Laundering ("AML") policy sets out minimum standards which 
must be complied with across the Group. These include: 
 
the appointment and approval of the Compliance Officer, who is responsible for overseeing 
compliance with relevant regulations, rules and best practices; 
 
the appointment and approval of the Money Laundering Reporting Officer, who is responsible for 
overseeing all AML activity within the Group; 
 
establishing and maintaining thorough customer due diligence, identification, verification and 
know your customer ("KYC") procedures, including enhanced due diligence for high risk 
counterparties (such as certain correspondent banks and politically exposed persons); 
 
in accordance with Central Bank of Bahrain regulations and Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") 
recommendations, the Group does not deal with banks that have no physical presence; 
 
ongoing monitoring of counterparty activities and frequent counterparty reviews; 
 
procedures for identifying and reporting suspicious transactions internally and/or to regulatory 
bodies (such as the Central Bank of Bahrain); 
 
the retention of records for minimum prescribed periods in accordance with applicable regulations; 
and 
 
appropriate reporting on compliance/AML matters to senior management and the Board (where 
material). 
The Group is committed to preventing the use of its operations for money laundering, terrorist financing 
and other criminal purposes. In its approach to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, the Group 
is committed to adhering to all laws and regulations that are applicable in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and other

--- Page 107 ---
- 95 - 
countries in which it operates. It is also committed to complying with international best practices, especially 
those endorsed by the FATF, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and the Wolfsberg Group. 
The Group seeks to ensure that it maintains full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all 
jurisdictions in which it does business (including those promulgated by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets 
Control, the European Union and the United Nations). APICORP complies with all applicable laws and 
regulations on sanctioned countries or entities regardless of its Syrian and Libyan shareholders, including 
blocking transactions where appropriate, including with respect to shareholders, investments and lending 
activity. The Group's Sanctions Compliance Policy covers: 
 
screening customers/clients and transactions globally against the sanctions lists issued by the 
United Kingdom's HM Treasury, the European Union, the United Nations and the United States of 
America Department of the Treasury – Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
 
prohibiting business activity, including prohibitions on commencing or continuing customer 
relationships or providing products or services or facilitating transactions that the Group believes 
may violate applicable sanctions laws or its Sanctions Compliance Policy, including dealing with 
individuals or entities named on a sanctions list or conducting business, directly or indirectly, 
involving countries or territories subject to comprehensive sanctions; 
 
restricting business activity involving, directly or indirectly, countries or persons subject to more 
selective or targeted sanctions programmes, which impacts not only the types of products or 
services that the Group may make available but also the types of transactions the Group may 
process; 
 
investigating all customer/client alerts or transactions that are flagged in the Group's screening 
systems; and 
 
reporting breaches of sanctions laws to the relevant regulatory authority. 
Effective AML and KYC procedures form a fundamental part of the Group's internal control regime. 
Ongoing KYC, AML and sanctions training is provided to all of the Group's employees on a regular basis. 
INTERNAL AUDIT 
The Group has engaged Price Waterhouse Coopers ("PwC") to conduct the internal audit of all of its 
activities. PwC reports its findings to the Board Audit and Risk Committee. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
The Group uses IT to support the delivery of its business strategy. The Group uses market leading software 
solutions for its financial services and enterprise resource planning to provide services to its business and 
to respond to new trends in business strategies as they arise. The Group deals with a range of hardware and 
software partners as well as outsourcing vendors to achieve its long-term strategic IT vision, which is to 
ensure that the IT services that it delivers are reliable, secure and business aligned. 
The Group has a data centre with appropriate redundancy levels, high availability and a managed virtualised 
environment. It has also established a disaster recovery site which enables data replication with the main 
data centre for all critical applications. 
APICORP's cyber-security procedures aim to ensure the maximum information and network protection 
from cyber threats and operate at four main levels: 
 
network security, which aims to ensure the security of APICORP's network from threats 
originating both inside and outside APICORP; 
 
application security, which is designed to ensure that any application developed or acquired meets 
stringent standards of security; 
 
information system security, which comprises the processes and methodologies involved in 
keeping information confidential and available and assuring its integrity; and

--- Page 108 ---
- 96 - 
 
end-users security, which seeks to protect APICORP from end-users' activity and end-users from 
threats emanating from both within and outside APICORP.

--- Page 109 ---
- 97 - 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
INTRODUCTION 
The role of risk management is to understand, measure and manage risk in all aspects of the Group's 
business. The Group aims to embed a risk management culture in all of its business processes and to ensure 
that a risk management culture is adopted throughout the organisation. Accordingly, the Group seeks to 
continually improve its risk management in line with industry standards and Central Bank of Bahrain 
guidelines and by investing in the right people and systems. 
The Group's risk management framework is focused on fully integrating enterprise-wide risk management 
into its operations and culture. The risk management structure covers credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk and compliance. The Group seeks to ensure that risks are proactively identified and 
managed and it aims to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return and to minimise potential 
adverse effects on its financial performance. 
The Group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks which it faces, to set 
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions, emerging 
best practices and the products and services offered. The Group, through its training and management 
standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment, in which all 
employees understand their roles and obligations. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES 
The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management 
framework. The Board has established a Risk Management committee, which is responsible for developing 
and monitoring the Group's risk management policies. In addition, the Board Audit and Risk committee 
oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group's risk management policies and 
procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by 
the Group. The Board Audit and Risk committee is assisted in its oversight role by the internal audit 
function (which is outsourced to PwC), which undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk 
management controls and procedures. 
The Risk Management Committee, which is a management level committee, is responsible for developing 
and monitoring the Group's risk management policies to maintain effective oversight of the key risks faced. 
Risk management policies have been established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group; set 
appropriate risk limits and controls; and monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the 
Group's activities. The Group is focusing on integrating risk management functions within its business lines 
and aims to develop a disciplined and integrated control environment that can optimise its risk-reward 
profile. 
For a further discussion of the Group's Board and management committees, see "Management and 
employees—Management". 
The Group's Risk Management Department is responsible for ensuring and maintaining effective 
enterprise-wide risk management, as contained in the Group's Risk Charter; together with all risk 
management policies, risk exposure thresholds, risk appetite framework, rating models and related manuals. 
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or counterparty will be unable or unwilling to meet a commitment 
that it has entered into with the Group, causing a financial loss to the Group. Credit risk principally arises 
from the Group's lending, treasury and other activities. The Group has established policies and procedures 
to control and monitor these risks and it also monitors concentration of credit risk by sector and by 
geographic location.

--- Page 110 ---
- 98 - 
Proposed loans and direct and indirect equity investments are subject to systematic investigation, analysis 
and appraisal as set forth below. Once approved, all loan commitments, whether drawn or undrawn, are 
subject to systematic monitoring so that potential problems may be detected early and remedial action taken. 
The Group's treasury activities, including its investments in fixed income securities and its bank placements, 
are controlled by means of a framework of limits and external credit ratings. Investing in marketable 
securities is primarily restricted to GCC countries, the United States and major European stock exchanges. 
Dealings are only permitted with approved internationally rated banks, brokers and other counterparties. 
Securities portfolios and investing policies are reviewed from time to time by the Risk Management 
Committee. 
Credit approval process 
All of the Group's credit transactions undergo two levels of review before being proposed for Board 
approval, with interim approval being granted as a clearance to perform further due diligence. Final 
approval is only granted after detailed due diligence has been conducted and the results are considered 
satisfactory. 
Applicants for direct credit are required to submit detailed information to the Group, including relevant 
background information as well as specific information on their management, business model, major 
suppliers and customers and bank relationships and limits. In addition, the Group typically requires audited 
financial statements for the last three years as well as current year financial information where available. 
The availability of sovereign guarantees and commitments and export credit agency cover are also key 
factors in the evaluation of a credit application. 
Officers within Corporate Banking conduct a financial analysis of the applicant, propose an internal credit 
grade and negotiate the key terms of the proposed facility with the applicant. They also conduct screening 
checks and undertake site visits. All credit applications are also reviewed independently by the Risk 
Management Department. Risk queries are discussed with the transaction team and the queries and their 
resolution are reflected in the credit application. Reference checks are made through market sources and 
intermediaries. Where appropriate, specialist consultants may be engaged to undertake technical, financial 
and/or legal due diligence. Once the credit application has been completed, it and the accompanying risk 
review and any external due diligence reports obtained are submitted to the management level Credit and 
Investment Committee for review and approval. 
Where the Group is participating in a syndicated loan, the Group typically receives and reviews the standard 
credit package submitted to all potential syndicate participants. The Group's review process for syndicated 
loan participations does not materially differ from that for its direct lending. 
In each case, once all internal review and validation steps have been completed, the application is submitted 
to the Credit and Investment Committee, which makes an appropriate recommendation to the Board. The 
Board has the ultimate authority to sanction commitments. 
Credit rating and measurement 
The Group's risk rating system is the basis for determining the credit risk of its asset portfolio and, therefore, 
appropriate asset pricing, the portfolio management strategy and loss provisions and reserves. The risk 
rating is also a key factor in credit approval. 
The Group allocates each exposure to a credit risk grade based on a variety of data that is determined to be 
predictive of the risk of default and applying experienced credit judgement. Credit risk grades are defined 
using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. These factors vary depending 
on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. 
Credit risk grades are defined and calibrated such that the risk of default occurring increases exponentially 
as the credit risk deteriorates. 
Each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition based on available information about 
the borrower. Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved 
to a different credit risk grade. Internal risk management reports, containing information on key variables, 
portfolio delinquency and impairment performance, are presented to both the Risk Management Committee 
and the Board Audit and Risk Committee. All exposures are monitored carefully for performance and

--- Page 111 ---
- 99 - 
reviewed formally on a monthly basis. The Group's policies mandate client visits and monitoring of 
accounts to make sure that any concerns on the quality of the accounts are addressed proactively. 
The information used to assign and monitor credit risk grades comprises: 
 
information obtained from customer files, including audited financial statements, management 
accounts, budgets and projections. Example areas of particular focus are: gross profit margins, 
financial leverage ratios, debt service coverage, compliance with covenants, quality of 
management and senior management changes; 
 
data from credit reference agencies, press articles and changes in external credit ratings; 
 
quoted bond and credit default swap prices for the borrower where available; 
 
actual and expected significant changes in the political, regulatory and technological environment 
of the borrower or in its business activities; 
 
the borrower's payment record, including its overdue status as well as a range of variables about 
payment ratios; 
 
utilisation of the granted limit; 
 
requests for and granting of forbearance; and 
 
existing and forecast changes in business, financial and economic conditions. 
The Group also monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify significant increases in credit risk 
by regular reviews to confirm that: 
 
the criteria are capable of identifying significant increases in credit risk before an exposure is in 
default; 
 
the criteria do not align with the point in time when an asset becomes 30 days past due; and 
 
there is no unwarranted volatility in loss allowance from transfers between 12-month probability 
of default ("PD") (stage 1 under IFRS 9) and lifetime PD (stage 2 under IFRS 9). 
Additionally, in 2020 the Group assessed borrowers for other indicators of unlikeliness to pay in light of 
the potential and actual impacts of COVID-19 on their business. The Group uses credit risk grades as a 
primary input into the determination of the term structure of the PD for exposure. 
The Group collects performance and default information about its credit exposure analysed by jurisdiction 
or region and by type of product and borrower as well as credit risk grading. The information used is based 
on the internally generated rating model. The internal credit grade system is not intended to replicate 
external credit grades but factors used to grade a borrower may be similar, a borrower rated poorly by an 
external rating agency is typically assigned a higher internal credit grade. Lower grades are indicative of a 
lower likelihood of default. Credit ratings are used by the Group to decide the maximum lending amount 
and also to set minimum pricing thresholds. 
The Group has adopted a five-tiered asset classification, being Standard, Watch List, Substandard, Doubtful 
and Loss, and grades its assets under 10 rating categories. Assets within the AAA to C rating band (that is, 
AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B and C) are considered to be performing assets and assets graded DDD, DD or 
D are considered to be non-performing assets. 
The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk, the Group will measure the loss allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month expected 
credit losses.

--- Page 112 ---
- 100 - 
The table below summarises the Group's asset classification and grading model. 
Internal rating 
Asset classification 
Default indicator 
AAA to AA- ...............................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
A+ to A- .....................................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
BBB+ to BBB- ...........................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
BB+ to B- ...................................................  
Standard 
No past due payments 
NR ..............................................................  
NR 
No past due payments 
C .................................................................  
Watch list 
Past due payments of 90 
days or less 
DDD ...........................................................  
Sub Standard 
Past due payment of 180 
days or less 
DD ..............................................................  
Doubtful 
Past due payment of 360 
days or less 
D .................................................................  
Loss 
Past due payment of more 
than 360 days 
 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— 
Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for analyses of the Group's 
loans and advances by the concentrations of these loans by sector and geographic location, in each case as 
at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Group has a risk-based pricing mechanism under which the allocation of capital for each loan is based 
on the loan's internal rating, in accordance with Basel guidance that riskier assets should require more 
capital. The Group's loans are priced to derive an acceptable return on capital which means that higher 
pricing is applied to riskier loans. 
Generating the term structure of PD 
Credit risk grades are a primary input into the determination of the term structure of PD for exposures. The 
Group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures analysed by jurisdiction 
or region and by type of product and borrower as well as by credit risk grading. 
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of the remaining 
lifetime PD of exposures and how these are expected to change as a result of the passage of time. 
This analysis includes the identification and calibration of relationships between changes in default rates 
and changes in key macro-economic factors as well as in-depth analysis of the impact of certain other 
factors (such as forbearance experience) on the risk of default. For most exposures, key macro-economic 
indicators include GDP growth. 
Based on advice from the Risk Management Department and economic experts and consideration of a 
variety of external actual and forecast information, the Group formulates a base case view of the future 
direction of relevant economic variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast 
scenarios. The Group then uses these forecasts to adjust its estimates of PDs. 
The base case represents a most-likely outcome and is aligned with information used by the Group for other 
purposes, such as strategic planning and budgeting. The other scenarios represent more optimistic and more 
pessimistic outcomes. 
The Group has identified and documented key drivers of credit risk and credit losses for each portfolio of 
financial instruments and, using an analysis of historical data, has estimated relationships between macro- 
economic variables and credit risk and credit losses. The economic scenarios used the key indicators for 
the selected countries such as interest rates and GDP growth.

--- Page 113 ---
- 101 - 
The tables below show the internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding at 
amortised cost and their corresponding IFRS 9 stage classification as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 
and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ...........................................................  
643.7 
— 
— 
643.7 
A+ - A- ..................................................................  
1,460.2 
— 
— 
1,460.2 
BBB – BBB- .........................................................  
776.4 
79.3 
— 
855.7 
BB+ - C .................................................................  
277.1 
727.3 
— 
1,004.5 
D ............................................................................  
— 
7.8 
16.5 
24.4 
Gross amount .......................................................  
3,157.4 
814.5 
16.5 
3,988.4 
ECL allowance ......................................................  
(9.1) 
(43.3) 
(15.8) 
(68.3) 
Carrying amount .................................................  
3,148.3 
771.1 
0.7 
3,920.1 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ........................................................... 
598.7 
— 
— 
598.7 
A+ - A- .................................................................. 
1,342.3 
— 
— 
1,342.3 
BBB – BBB- ......................................................... 
778.4 
79.1 
— 
857.5 
BB+ - C  ................................................................ 
402.7 
541.9 
— 
944.6 
D ............................................................................ 
— 
— 
14.0 
14.0 
Gross amount ....................................................... 
3,122.0 
621.0 
14.0 
3,757.0 
ECL allowance ...................................................... 
(3.8) 
(35.5) 
(12.2) 
(51.5) 
Carrying amount ................................................. 
3,118.3 
585.4 
1.8 
3,705.5 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ............................................................ 
489.9 
— 
— 
489.9 
A+ - A- ................................................................... 
1,430.5 
0.5 
— 
1,431.1 
BBB – BBB- .......................................................... 
589.7 
202.7 
— 
792.4 
BB+ - C .................................................................. 
471.4 
379.5 
— 
850.9 
D ............................................................................. 
— 
— 
12.5 
12.5 
Gross amount ........................................................ 
2,981.6 
582.7 
12.5 
3,576.8 
ECL allowance ....................................................... 
(4.6) 
(38.6) 
(19.0) 
(55.7) 
Carrying amount .................................................. 
2,977.0 
544.1 
— 
3,521.1 
 
Credit mitigation 
The Group seeks to mitigate potential credit losses from any given account, customer or portfolio using a 
range of tools, including taking collateral or guarantees in particular. The reliance that can be placed on 
these credit mitigation resources is carefully assessed taking into account their legal enforceability, the 
market value of any collateral and the counterparty risk of any guarantor. 
The Group accepts a range of collateral types, including receivables; fixed assets such as plant and 
machinery; marketable securities; commodities; bank guarantees; and LCs. Risk mitigation policies control 
the approval of different collateral types. 
The Group values its collateral in accordance with its risk mitigation policy, which prescribes the frequency 
of valuation for different collateral types. The valuation frequency is driven by the level of price volatility 
of each type of collateral and the nature of the underlying product or risk exposure. Collateral held against 
impaired financings is maintained at fair value. 
The Group also purchases comprehensive non-payment insurance cover for certain exposures in non- 
investment grade countries based on transaction credit assessments.

--- Page 114 ---
- 102 - 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk management 
aims to ensure that funds are available at all times to meet the Group's funding requirements. 
The Group's liquidity management policies are designed to ensure that even under adverse conditions, the 
Group has access to adequate funds to meet its obligations, and to service its core investment and lending 
functions. This is achieved by the application of prudent but flexible controls, which provide security of 
access to liquidity without undue exposure to increased costs from the liquidation of assets or the need to 
bid aggressively for deposits. 
The Group seeks to maintain an adequate level of quality liquid assets to continuously support its liquidity 
needs. Well-diversified sources of funding are also maintained, and liquidity mismatches are monitored 
and managed on a proactive basis. The Group's liquidity risk policy is in compliance with Basel III 
guidelines. As part of liquidity management, the Group also seeks to ensure the availability of bank term 
financing at competitive rates at all times to meet its long-term funding requirements. 
During 2020, management enhanced its monitoring of the Group's liquidity and funding requirements. In 
response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group invoked its contingency funding plan and continues to 
monitor and respond to all liquidity and funding requirements that are presented. 
The Group's daily liquidity position is monitored and regular stress testing is conducted under a variety of 
scenarios covering both normal and more severe market conditions. The Group continues to calibrate stress 
testing scenarios to current market conditions in order to assess the impact on the Group. The Group 
believes that its liquidity and funding position remains strong and that it is well placed to absorb and manage 
the economic and other changes arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
All of the Group's liquidity policies are subject to review and approval by the Asset and Liability Committee 
(the ALCO). Liquidity controls are provided for an adequately diversified deposit base in terms of 
maturities and the range of counterparties. 
The table below summarises the Group's asset and liability maturity profile, based on management's 
estimates of repayment, as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019a and 2018. A more detailed table showing 
individual statement of financial position line items is set out in note 26(b) to the 2019 Financial Statements 
and note 29 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 
months 
to 1 year 
1 – 5 
years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  ............................................. 
800.2 
1,226.2 
2,850.6 
3,015.7 
7,892.8 
Total liabilities and equity ....................... 
(464.7) 
(818.8) 
(4,167.9) 
(2,441.4) 
(7,892.8) 
Maturity gap ............................................ 
335.6 
407.4 
(1,317.4) 
574.3 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ......................... 
335.6 
743.0 
(574.3) 
— 
— 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  ............................................. 
1,337.5 
797.3 
2,752.5 
2,462.1 
7,349.4 
Total liabilities and equity ....................... 
(308.5) 
(703.2) 
(3,986.9) 
(2,350.8) 
(7,349.4) 
Maturity gap ............................................ 
1,029.0 
94.1 
(1,234.4) 
111.3 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ......................... 
1,029.0 
1,123.1 
(111.3) 
— 
— 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  ............................................. 
1,127.9 
820.5 
2,508.9 
2,495.5 
6,952.7 
Total liabilities and equity ....................... 
(788.2) 
(1,029.7) 
(2,866.9) 
(2,268.0) 
(6,952.7) 
Maturity gap ............................................ 
339.7 
(209.3) 
(358.0) 
227.6 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap ......................... 
339.7 
130.5 
(227.6) 
— 
— 
 
The Group's funding profile has been strengthened by increasing the amount of its medium- and long-term 
funding. As a result, the Group's liquidity mismatch position has improved as evidenced by the trend in 
maturity gaps shown in the table above.

--- Page 115 ---
- 103 - 
MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market factors, such as interest rates, equity prices and foreign 
exchange rates, will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The 
objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable 
parameters, while optimising the return on risk. 
The majority of the Group's investments (which are not actively traded) are debt securities held at FVOCI. 
The Group also has a small amount of equity-related funds and equity securities held at FVOCI. Treasury 
activities are controlled by the ALCO and are also subject to a framework of Board- approved currency, 
industry and geographical limits and ratings by recognised rating agencies. 
The principal risk to which the Group's non-trading portfolios are exposed is the risk of loss from 
fluctuations in the future cash flows or fair values of its securities because of a change in market interest 
rates, foreign exchange rates and/or equity prices. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group's loans and advances and its funding are principally denominated in U.S. dollars and the interest 
rates for both are typically linked to U.S. dollar LIBOR, giving the Group a significant degree of natural 
hedge. The Group's exposure to interest rate fluctuations on certain financial assets and liabilities is also 
contractually hedged through interest rate swap agreements. 
The Group's exposure to interest rate risk is restricted by permitting only a limited mismatch between the 
re-pricing of the main components of its assets and liabilities. The table below summarises the Group's 
interest rate sensitivity gap by repricing period and its cumulative gap as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018. A more detailed table showing individual statement of financial position line items is set 
out in note 30 to the each of the Financial Statements. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months 
to 1 year 
1 – 5 
years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ...............  
819.2 
(1,633.2) 
— 
— 
(814.0) 
Cumulative gap ................................  
819.2 
(814.0) 
(814.0) 
(814.0) 
(1,622.7) 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ...............  
669.9 
952.3 
— 
— 
1,622.2 
Cumulative gap ................................  
669.9 
1,622.2 
1,622.2 
1,622.2 
— 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ...............  
1,535.8 
294.6 
— 
— 
1,830.4 
Cumulative gap ................................  
1,535.8 
1,830.4 
1,830.4 
1,830.4 
— 
 
A positive figure in the table above indicates that the Group has a higher volume of assets than liabilities 
which re-priced in the relevant period. Where the Group's gaps are positive, this means that the Group 
typically benefits in an increasing interest rate environment but is adversely affected in a falling interest 
rate environment. 
The management of interest rate risk against interest rate gap limits is supplemented by monitoring the 
sensitivity of the Group's financial assets and liabilities to various standard and non-standard interest rate 
scenarios. Standard scenarios that are considered on a periodic basis include a 100 basis point parallel fall 
or rise in all yield curves worldwide. 
The table shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income and equity as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 to an increase or decrease in market interest rates (assuming no 
asymmetrical movement in yield curves and a constant statement of financial position).

--- Page 116 ---
- 104 - 
 
100 basis point 
parallel increase 
100 basis point 
parallel decrease 
 
Profit or 
loss 
Equity 
Profit or 
loss 
Equity 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 31 December 2020 ....................................... 
1.5 
0.4 
(1.5) 
(0.4) 
As at 31 December 2019 ....................................... 
1.6 
0.4 
(1.6) 
(0.4) 
As at 31 December 2018 ....................................... 
1.2 
0.3 
(1.2) 
(0.3) 
 
Treasury's fixed income portfolio is also exposed to credit spread risk. APICORP manages this risk through 
investing in highly rated securities (with a target portfolio rating of "A") with shorter tenor and diversified 
characteristics. 
Currency risk 
Currency risk is minimised by conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other than the U.S. 
dollar to ensure that no significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks. The 
Group does not trade in foreign exchange. The Group's exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar 
are also partially hedged by entering into forward contracts. 
The table below shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income to a 5 per cent. 
strengthening or a 5 per cent. weakening of the U.S. dollar against major un-pegged foreign currencies as 
at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular 
interest rates, remain the same. 
 
5 per cent. 
strengtheni
ng of U.S. 
dollar 
5 per cent. 
weakening 
of U.S. 
dollar 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 31 December 2020 ...........................................................................  
 
 
GBP ...........................................................................................................  
0.041 
(0.041) 
KWD .........................................................................................................  
0.018 
(0.018) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
GBP ...........................................................................................................  
0.024 
(0.024) 
KWD .........................................................................................................  
0.024 
(0.024) 
As at 31 December 2018 ...........................................................................  
 
 
Euro ...........................................................................................................  
0.029 
(0.029) 
GBP ...........................................................................................................  
0.071 
(0.071) 
 
The Group also has minor sensitivities in other currencies. For further information see note 26 to each of 
the Financial Statements. In addition, note 31 to each of the Financial Statements contains information on 
the Group's exposures by currency. The Group's only significant exposures are in U.S. dollars and 
currencies linked to the U.S. dollar. 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the Group's quoted equity investments will depreciate in value due to 
movements in their quoted equity prices. The Risk Management Committee is responsible for managing 
equity price risk. Periodic listed equity price movements are reviewed by executive management and the 
Risk Management Committee. The Group believes that it has an insignificant exposure to listed equities. 
Note 28 to each of the Financial Statements contains details of the Group's fair value hierarchy and 
categories of financial instruments. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Operational risk is the risk of unexpected losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal controls or 
procedures, systems failures, fraud, business interruption, compliance breaches, human error, management 
failure or inadequate staffing. A framework and methodology has been developed to identify and control 
the Group's operational risks. While operational risk cannot be entirely eliminated, it is managed and

--- Page 117 ---
- 105 - 
mitigated by ensuring that the appropriate infrastructure, controls, systems, procedures, and trained and 
competent people are in place. The Group's internal audit function makes regular, independent appraisals 
of the control environment in all identified risk areas. Adequately tested contingency arrangements are also 
in place to support operations in the event of a range of possible disaster scenarios and, as part of the Group's 
overall business continuity planning, APICORP has established crisis management communication 
guidelines to ensure that all appropriate initial steps are taken in relation to both internal and external 
stakeholders, such as customers, employees, regulators and counterparties, in the event of a crisis. In 
addition, an incident management system has been developed to report, assess and control operational risks 
across the Group.

--- Page 118 ---
- 106 - 
CAPITALISATION 
The table below shows the Group's cash and cash equivalents, financial debt and capitalisation as at 31 
December 2020. This table should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements. 
 
As at 31 
Decembe
r 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
Cash and bank balances ......................................................................................................... 
57.6 
Bank term financing (excluding current portion of debt)(1) ................................................... 
951.1 
Sukuk and Bonds issued (excluding current portion of debt)(2) ............................................. 
3,206.9 
Total financial debt (excluding current debt) ................................................................... 
4,158.0 
Total equity ........................................................................................................................... 
2,441.4 
Total capitalisation .............................................................................................................. 
6,599.4 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Current portion of bank term financing was U.S.$220.8 million as at 31 December 2020. 
(2) Current portion of sukuk and bonds issued was U.S.$395.1 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Except as described in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material change in the Group's capitalisation 
since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 119 ---
- 107 - 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP". 
See also "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the sources of the numbers 
contained in this section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of financial position data as at 31 December in 
each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and bank balances ..............................................................  
57.6 
48.6 
152.0 
Placements with banks  ..............................................................  
374.7 
606.9 
683.9 
Securities purchased under agreements to resell  .......................  
— 
— 
99.4 
Loans and advances ....................................................................  
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
Investment classified as held for sale  ........................................  
— 
— 
— 
Investments  ...............................................................................  
3,220.7 
2,729.3 
2,445.2 
Equity accounted investees  .......................................................  
114.2 
91.9 
27.8 
Property, equipment and vessels  ...............................................  
100.4 
103.1 
102.2 
Other assets  ...............................................................................  
110.9 
72.0 
53.8 
Total assets ................................................................................  
7,892.8 
7,349.4 
6,952.7 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Deposits ......................................................................................  
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .........................  
352.1 
145.7 
150.8 
Bank term financing  ..................................................................  
1,171.9 
1,324.9 
1,446.9 
Sukuk and Bonds issued .............................................................  
3,602.1 
2,927.5 
2,323.4 
Other liabilities ...........................................................................  
187.4 
116.1 
91.5 
Total liabilities  .........................................................................  
5,451.4 
4,998.7 
4,684.8 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ...............................................................................  
1,500.0 
1,000.0 
1,000.0 
Legal reserve  .............................................................................  
247.0 
235.0 
223.0 
General reserve  ..........................................................................  
81.6 
464.0 
331.1 
Investments fair value reserve  ...................................................  
483.2 
531.8 
546.7 
Retained earnings  ......................................................................  
126.7 
117.6 
165.1 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the corporation 
2,438.5 
2,348.4 
2,265.9 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................  
2.9 
2.4 
2.1 
Total equity  ..............................................................................  
2,441.4 
2,350.8 
2,268.0 
Total liabilities and equity  ......................................................  
7,892.8 
7,349.4 
6,952.7 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of income data for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Interest income ...........................................................................  
197.7 
279.7 
245.6 
Interest expense ..........................................................................  
(114.6) 
(171.2) 
(134.6) 
Net interest income ...................................................................  
197.7 
108.5 
108.5 
Dividend income ........................................................................  
47.0 
67.7 
56.4 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale ...................................  
— 
— 
86.7 
Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL ........................................  
(23.1) 
(29.1) 
(9.0)

--- Page 120 ---
- 108 - 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net gain/(loss) on derecognition of financial assets at FVOCI ..  
45.7 
(0.3) 
— 
Share of profit from associates ...................................................  
1.7 
0.9 
0.3 
Net fee income ...........................................................................  
3.5 
2.0 
0.3 
Other income, net .......................................................................  
19.1 
14.1 
7.1 
Total income .............................................................................  
177.0 
163.8 
252.7 
Operating expenses ....................................................................  
(47.7) 
(47.9) 
(44.7) 
Impairment (loss)/reversal on financial instruments, net 
(14.3) 
1.8 
(20.7) 
Impairment losses on other assets, net .......................................  
— 
(5.7) 
(5.0) 
Profit for the year .....................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
Profit for the year attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
114.5 
111.6 
182.8 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................  
0.5 
0.3 
(0.5) 
Profit for the year .....................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of comprehensive income data 
for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the year  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) ........................................  
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of equities at FVOCI ...........................  
1.9 
(37.3) 
(8.0) 
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to the 
statement of profit or loss 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI .................  
19.3 
38.7 
(13.8) 
Reclassified to the statement of profit or loss on sale of debt 
securities at FVOCI  ................................................................  
(45.7) 
0.3 
(0.1) 
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  .........  
(24.4) 
1.8 
(22.0) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  .............................  
90.6 
113.7 
160.3 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS DATA 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of cash flows data for each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019(1) 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities ...............................  
258.4 
212.9 
(672.5) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities ...............................  
(457.3) 
(322.9) 
213.7 
Net cash from financing activities ..............................................  
215.0 
129.5 
436.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ......................................  
171.5 
152.0 
174.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December ................................  
187.6 
171.5 
152.0 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) In 2020, the Group changed the presentation of its consolidated statement of cash flows by removing 
net interest income and showing only interest income received and by including cash equivalents in the 
statement.  The numbers for 2018 have been adjusted to show a consistent presentation.

--- Page 121 ---
- 109 - 
SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS (APMs) 
The table below shows certain financial ratios for APICORP for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. Each of 
these ratios is an APM, see "Presentation of Group financial information—Certain non-IFRS financial 
information". 
 
As at/year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Return on assets(1) .......................................................................  
1.46 
1.52 
2.62 
Return on equity(2) ......................................................................  
4.72 
4.76 
8.04 
Return on paid up capital(3).........................................................  
7.67 
11.19 
18.23 
Total capital adequacy ratio(4) ....................................................  
31.21 
29.55 
28.53 
Tier 1 capital ratio(4) ...................................................................  
30.21 
29.04 
28.34 
Total shareholders' funds/total assets(5) ......................................  
30.89 
31.95 
32.59 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) Profit for the year divided by total assets at the end of the year. 
(2) Profit for the year divided by total equity and non-controlling interests at the end of the year. 
(3) Profit for the year divided by share capital at the end of the year. 
(4) Calculated in accordance with Basel II requirements. 
(5) Total equity attributable to shareholders divided by total assets.

--- Page 122 ---
- 110 - 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF APICORP 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
"Presentation of Group financial information", "Capitalisation", "Selected financial information" and the 
Financial Statements. 
The discussion of the Group's financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Financial 
Statements which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. This discussion contains forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Group's actual results could differ materially from 
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those 
discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly under the headings "Cautionary 
statement regarding forward-looking statements" and "Risk factors". 
See "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the source of the numbers presented 
in this section. 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP is a multilateral development bank focused on the energy industry. Its purposes, as set out in the 
Establishing Agreement, are: 
 
participating in financing energy projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are derived 
from, ancillary to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; and 
 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their 
ability to utilise their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic 
and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve its purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated 
loans or making direct loans and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing 
activities, provides project-related financial advisory services and publishes research relating to strategic 
and relevant issues in the energy industry. 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances which principally generate interest income, its direct 
and indirect equity investments which principally generate dividend income and its treasury investment 
portfolio which generates interest income and is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to 
the Group's two other more cyclical business lines of lending to, and making equity investments in, projects 
in the oil and gas and energy industries. 
In 2020, the Group had net interest income of U.S.$197.7 million and received U.S.$47.0 million in 
dividend income. The Group's profit for 2020 was U.S.$115.1 million. 
PRINCIPAL FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the 
Group's results of operations. 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale 
In November 2017, the Group entered into an agreement for the sale of NPS, which was subject to certain 
regulatory and other approvals being obtained. As a result, the Group's investment in NPS was recorded as 
an asset held for sale as at 31 December 2017. The sale of NPS was completed in June 2018 and resulted 
in a non-recurring gain of U.S.$86.7 million. 
The table below shows the Group's net profit for the year and its profit for the year adjusted to exclude the 
above-described non-recurring gain in 2018, for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. Adjusted profit for the year 
is an APM and its calculation is shown in the table below. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the year .......................................................................  
115.1 
111.9 
182.3

--- Page 123 ---
- 111 - 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Gain on sale of investments held for sale ...................................  
— 
— 
86.7 
Adjusted profit for the year (APM) ........................................  
115.1 
111.9 
95.6 
 
Changes in international oil prices 
Reflecting APICORP's mandate, the majority of the Group's direct and syndicated lending is to borrowers 
in the oil and gas and energy industries (including maritime transport of related products). In addition, a 
significant proportion of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are in the oil and gas and energy 
sectors and the Group also owns debt securities issued by entities in the oil and gas sector. 
The oil and gas industry has been and is expected to continue to be cyclical with levels of investment and 
profitability in that sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which 
have fluctuated significantly over the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future. 
According to data produced by OPEC, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2020, 2019 and 
2018 were U.S.$41.47 per barrel, U.S.$64.04 per barrel and U.S.$69.78 per barrel, respectively. 
Reflecting the above trend in oil prices from 2018 to 2020, the Group has experienced: 
 
a significant reduction in its net interest income in 2020 compared to 2019 and a small reduction 
in 2029 compared to 2018, see "—Factors affecting net interest income" below; 
 
an increase in its dividend income in 2019 compared to 2018 and a fall in dividend income in 2020 
compared to 2019, see "—Factors affecting dividend income" below; 
 
limited increased demand for syndicated and direct lending, illustrated by a 5.2 per cent. increase 
in loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2019 compared to 31 December 2018 and 
by a 5.9 per cent. increase in loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2020 compared 
to 31 December 2019; and 
 
a small impairment reversal on financial instruments, net in 2019 compared to impairment losses 
on financial instruments, net in each of 2020 and 2018, see "—Results of operations—Impairment, 
net" below. 
Factors affecting net interest income 
The Group's net interest income represents the difference between its interest income and its interest 
expense. The Group derives interest income principally from its loans and advances made, its treasury 
investment portfolio, its placements with banks and the amortisation of loan participation and up-front fees. 
The Group incurs interest expense principally on its bank financing, its sukuk and bonds issued, the deposits 
it takes from banks, corporates and shareholders and its securities sold under agreement to repurchase. 
During the three year period under review, the Group's interest earning assets and its interest bearing 
liabilities have been increasing. 
The Group's interest income is principally affected by the volume of its interest earning assets and the rates 
of interest that it charges on those assets whilst its interest expense is principally affected by the volume of 
its interest bearing liabilities and the rates of interest that it is charged on those liabilities. 
The Group's weighted average effective interest rates for both its interest-bearing financial assets and its 
interest-bearing financial liabilities increased in 2018 and fell in 2019 as illustrated in the table below. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Interest-bearing financial assets 
 
 
 
Fixed rate debt securities ............................................................  
2.93 
3.91 
4.67 
Floating rate debt securities ........................................................  
1.72 
3.29 
3.63 
Placements with banks ...............................................................  
0.60 
2.48 
3.13 
Loans and advances ....................................................................  
2.38 
4.08 
4.75 
Interest-bearing financial liabilities

--- Page 124 ---
- 112 - 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Bank term financing ...................................................................  
1.63 
3.06 
3.42 
Sukuk and bonds issued .............................................................  
1.33 
4.17 
4.88 
Deposits from banks ...................................................................  
— 
3.06 
3.18 
Deposits from corporates............................................................  
0.92 
2.52 
2.98 
Deposits from Shareholders .......................................................  
0.90 
2.26 
3.27 
Borrowings under repurchase agreements ..................................  
0.75 
2.93 
3.83 
 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's net interest income, see "—Results of 
operations—Net interest income" below. 
Factors affecting dividend income 
The Group derives dividend income from its direct and indirect equity investments at FVOCI. In 2020, the 
Group's dividend income amounted to U.S.$47.0 million compared to U.S.$67.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$56.4 million in 2018. 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's dividend income, see "—Results of 
operations—Net other income—Dividend income" below. 
Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL 
The Group's financial assets at FVTPL comprise a loan to Egyptian Methanex Methanol Company, a direct 
equity investee, and its investments in the IFC Fund and the APICORP Managed Account Investment 
Vehicle, which are described under "Description of the Group—Business—Investments". These assets are 
measured at fair value on each reporting date with any change in fair value being recorded in the income 
statement under this line item. Almost all of these assets are classified as level 3, which means that their 
fair values are not determined by reference to quoted prices or other observable inputs. The fair value of 
these investments has fluctuated in the periods under review, see "—Results of operations— Net other 
income—Net loss on financial assets at FVTPL" below. 
Impairment losses 
The Group's net impairment losses have also fluctuated in the periods under review, principally as a result 
of impairment charges against loans and advances and property, equipment and vessels in 2018 and COVID 
19-related impairment losses on its loans and advances in 2020. In 2019, the Group's impairment charges 
were largely offset by significant recoveries, see "—Results of operations—Impairment, net" below. 
Impact of COVID 19/oil price decline 
The Group was adversely impacted by the economic effects of the COVID 19 pandemic and the significant 
fall in oil prices in 2020.  In particular, it experienced: 
 
a reduction of U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in dividend income from its equity investments 
portfolio; 
 
a negative change of U.S.$23.1 million in the fair valuation of its managed funds and unlisted 
equities held at FVTPL; 
 
a reduction of U.S.$25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in net interest income driven by lower interest 
rates; and 
 
a U.S.$19.0 million impairment loss related to its loans and advances. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The Group is in the final stages of exiting from two direct equity investments, for which a share sale 
agreement was executed in early 2021. See "Description of the Group—Business—Investments—Exit 
strategy".

--- Page 125 ---
- 113 - 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. For a discussion of the accounting 
policies applied by the Group generally, see notes 3A to M in the 2019 Financial Statements. 
The Group implemented IFRS 16 "Leases" from its effective date of 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 replaces 
existing leases guidance. IFRS 16 introduces a single on-balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees, 
with optional exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low value items. On transition to IFRS 16, the 
Group recognised right-of-use assets and a corresponding lease liability of U.S.$1.7 million. 
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND 
KEY 
SOURCES OF 
ESTIMATION 
UNCERTAINTY 
In preparing the Group's financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group's assets and liabilities, including 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported 
amounts of the Group's revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Management bases its estimates 
and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the 
estimates and assumptions are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. 
However, future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of 
appropriate estimates and assumptions requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any 
estimates or assumptions made and such differences may be material to the Group's financial statements. 
The Group's most significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the preparation of 
the Group's financial statements are identified in note 3M to the 2020 Financial Statements. This note 
identifies three critical judgments involved in the application of the Group's accounting policies and two key 
estimates that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the Group's 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year, as follows: 
Critical judgments 
Classification of financial assets 
The critical judgments under this heading are (i) the assessment of the business model within which 
financial assets are held and (ii) the assessment of whether the contractual terms of the financial assets are 
solely payments of principal or interest on the principal amount outstanding. These matters are further 
discussed in note 3H(i) to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Significant increase of credit risk 
The critical judgments under this heading are (i) establishing the criteria for determining whether credit risk 
on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, (ii) determining the methodology 
for incorporating forward-looking information into the measurement of ECL and (iii) the selection and 
approvals of models used to measure ECL. These matters are further discussed in notes 3H(viii) and 26(a) 
to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
COVID 19 impact 
The Group considered the impact of COVID 19 and related market volatility in preparing the 2020 Financial 
Statements. While the methodologies and assumptions applied in the measurement of various items within 
the financial statements remain unchanged from those applied in the 2019 Financial Statements, the impact 
of COVID 19 resulted in the application of further judgement and the incorporation of estimates and 
assumptions specific to the impact of COVID 19. Principally this resulted in updates to the Group's 
economic assumptions used in determining expected credit losses (ECL) and the impairment assessment 
for other non-financial assets. See further note 3N(i) to the 2020 Financial Statements.

--- Page 126 ---
- 114 - 
Assumptions and estimation of uncertainties 
Impairment of financial instruments 
The key assumptions under this heading are the determination of inputs into the ECL measurement model, 
including the key assumptions used in estimating recoverable cash flows and the incorporation of forward-
looking information. These matters are further discussed in note 26 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Measurement of fair value of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (level 3). 
The assumptions used in this context are set out in note 28 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Net interest income 
The Group's net interest income was U.S.$197.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$108.5 million in 2019 
and U.S.$111.0 million in 2018. The decrease of U.S.$25.4 million, or 23.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 
2019 and the decrease of U.S.$2.6 million, or 2.3 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 each reflected the 
changes in interest income and interest expense described below. 
The table below shows the Group's interest income and its interest expense for each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Interest income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank 
balances ....................  
0.3 
0.2 
0.3 
0.1 
0.4 
0.2 
Placements with banks  
10.6 
5.3 
26.4 
9.4 
23.3 
9.5 
Debt securities at 
FVOCI (net) .............  
47.7 
24.1 
45.7 
16.3 
40.7 
16.6 
Loans and advances .....  
118.3 
59.8 
183.6 
65.7 
165.1 
67.2 
Amortisation of loan 
participation and 
upfront fees ...............  
20.9 
10.6 
23.7 
8.5 
16.1 
6.6 
Total interest income .  
197.7 
100.0 
279.7 
100.0 
245.6 
100.0 
Interest expense 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits .......................  
(8.8) 
7.6 
(24.2) 
14.1 
(27.0) 
20.1 
Securities sold under 
agreement to 
repurchase .................  
(2.7) 
2.4 
(5.9) 
3.4 
(4.9) 
3.6 
Others ..........................  
(4.2) 
3.7 
(0.2) 
0.1 
(0.4) 
0.3 
Bank term financing ....  
(23.7) 
20.7 
(42.6) 
24.9 
(38.5) 
28.6 
Sukuk and bonds 
issued ........................  
(71.5) 
62.3 
(92.9) 
54.3 
(58.8) 
43.7 
Amortisation of front-
end fees on bank 
term financing, sukuk 
and bonds issued .......  
(3.8) 
3.3 
(5.5) 
3.2 
(5.1) 
3.8 
Total interest expense  
(114.6) 
100.0 
(171.2) 
100.0 
(134.6) 
100.0 
Net interest income ....  
197.7 
 
108.5 
 
111.0 
 
 
The Group's total interest income was U.S.$197.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$279.7 million in 2019 
and U.S.$245.6 million in 2018. 
The decrease of U.S.$82.0 million, or 29.3 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected a 
decrease of U.S.$65.3 million, or 35.6 per cent., in interest income from loans and advances which resulted

--- Page 127 ---
- 115 - 
mainly from lower interest rates. In addition, interest income from placements with banks decreased by 
U.S.$15.9 million, or 60.0 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019, principally as a result of lower interest 
rates. 
The increase of U.S.$34.1 million, or 13.9 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected an 
increase of U.S.$18.5 million, or 11.2 per cent., in interest income from loans and advances which resulted 
mainly from both increased margins and increased average volumes of lending. In addition, interest income 
from the amortisation of loan participation and up-front fees increased by U.S.$7.6 million, or 47.1 per 
cent., in 2019, principally as a result of new loans and income from investments at FVOCI (debt) increased 
by U.S.$5.0 million, or 12.2 per cent., and interest income from placements with banks increased by 
U.S.$3.2 million, or 13.6 per cent., in both cases reflecting increased average volumes offset by lower 
average rates. 
The Group's total interest expense was U.S.$114.6 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$171.2 million in 2019 
and U.S.$134.6 million in 2018. 
The decrease of U.S.$56.6 million, or 33.1 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected 
decreases of: 
U.S.$21.5 million, or 23.1 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued, which principally 
reflected lower interest rates in 2020; 
U.S.$18.9 million, or 44.4 per cent., in interest expense on bank term financing, which principally reflected 
lower interest rates in 2020; and 
U.S.$15.4 million, or 63.8 per cent., in interest expense on deposits, which principally reflected lower 
interest rates in 2020 and lower daily average short-term deposits as APICORP relied more on medium 
term-funding. 
The increase of U.S.$36.7 million, or 27.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected an 
increases of U.S.$34.2 million, or 58.2 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued. This 
increase principally reflected higher average volumes as a result of additional sukuk issued in 2019 as well 
as the full year effect of bonds and sukuk issued in 2018 and was partially offset by lower average rates in 
2019 compared to 2018. 
Other income, net 
The Group's net other income was U.S.$93.9 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$55.3 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$141.7 million in 2018. In 2018, the Group recognised a U.S.$86.7 million gain on the sale of NPS 
Holding Company. No similar gains were recorded in 2020 or 2019. Excluding this gain, the Group's net 
other income would have been U.S.$55.3 million in 2018. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Group's other income, net for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Dividend income ........ 
47.0 
49.5 
67.7 
122.4 
56.4 
39.8 
Gain on sale of 
investment held for 
sale ........................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
86.7 
61.2 
Net loss on financial 
assets held at 
FVTPL ..................... 
(23.1) 
(24.3) 
(29.1) 
(52.6) 
(9.0) 
(6.3) 
Net gain/(loss) on 
derecognition of 
financial assets at 
FVOCI ..................... 
45.7 
48.6 
(0.3) 
(0.6) 
— 
— 
Share of profit from 
associates .................... 
1.7 
1.8 
0.9 
1.6 
0.3 
0.2 
Net fee income ........... 
3.5 
3.8 
2.0 
3.6 
0.3 
0.2

--- Page 128 ---
- 116 - 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Other income, net of 
which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bareboat charter 
income ..................... 
17.1 
18.0 
10.7 
19.3 
5.0 
3.5 
Other .......................... 
2.0 
2.1 
3.2 
6.3 
2.0 
1.4 
Total ........................... 
93.9 
100.0 
55.3 
100.0 
141.7 
100.0 
 
Dividend income 
The Group's dividend income was U.S.$47.0 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$67.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$56.4 million in 2018. The decrease of U.S.$20.6 million, or 30.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflected lower dividends from Ibn Zahr, a direct equity investment in the chemicals sector. The 
increase of U.S.$11.2 million, or 19.9 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected higher 
dividends from Ibn Zahr, a direct equity investment in the chemicals sector, following a deleveraging process 
carried out by Ibn Zahr. 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets at FVTPL 
In 2020, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$23.1 million on its FVTPL investments, 
which principally related to the managed account investment vehicle and equity investments managed 
externally. 
In 2019, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$0.9 million on its loan designated at 
FVTPL and a net unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$28.2 million on FVTPL investments, which principally 
related to the managed account investment vehicle and was slightly offset by small gains on the IFC fund 
and equities managed externally. 
In 2018, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$2.3 million on its unimpaired loan 
designated at FVTPL and an unrealised fair value loss of U.S.$11.3 million on FVTPL investments, which 
principally related to the managed account investment vehicle and equities managed externally and was 
slightly offset by a small gain on the IFC fund. 
Net gain/(loss) on derecognition of financial assets at FVOCI 
In 2020, the Group recognised a U.S.$45.7 million gain on the derecognition of debt securities held at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).  In 2019, the Group recognised a U.S.$0.3 million 
loss on the derecognition of FVOCI financial assets. 
Income from vessels 
The Group's income from vessels was U.S.$17.1 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$10.7 million in 2019 and 
U.S.$5.0 million in 2018. The U.S.$6.5 million, or 60.6 per cent., increase in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflected improved daily time charter rates for the Group's five vessels. The U.S.$5.7 million, 
or 114.2 per cent., increase in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected the significantly improving daily 
time charter equivalent of the Group's five vessels based on the employment arrangements of the vessels. 
Share of profit from associates 
The Group's share of profit from its associates was U.S.$1.7 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$893 
thousand in 2019 and U.S.$319 thousand in 2018. 
In 2020, the Group had five associates, Falcon Cement, Ashtead Technology (which was held as an equity 
investment at FVOCI in 2018), Al Khorayef, GC-16 JV and Intra Taf Holding. In 2019, the Group had four 
associates, Falcon Cement, Ashtead Technology, Al Khorayef and GC-16 JV. In 2018, the Group had a 
single associate, Falcon Cement. In 2020, the Group acquired 40 per cent. of the shares in Intra Taf Holding 
and that company was equity accounted as an associate from its acquisition. During 2019, the Group 
acquired additional shares in Ashtead Technology (bringing its shareholding to 32.9 per cent.) and that 
company was equity accounted as an associate from September 2019. In addition, in September 2019, the

--- Page 129 ---
- 117 - 
Group acquired 24 per cent. of the shares in Al Khorayef and 24 per cent. of the shares in GC-16 JV, and 
both companies were equity accounted from their acquisition. 
The Group's share of the results of Falcon Cement amounted to a loss of U.S.$0.7 million in 2020 compared 
to a loss of U.S.$0.3 million in 2019 and a gain of U.S.$0.3 million in 2018. The Group's share of the results 
of Ashtead Technology was a loss of U.S.$2.9 million in 2020 compared to a gain of U.S.$1.2 million in 
2019. The Group's other equity accounted associates did not generate significant profit or loss in 2020. 
Operating expenses 
The Group's operating expenses were U.S.$47.7 million in 2020, U.S.$47.9 million in 2019 and U.S.$44.7 
million in 2018. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Group's operating expenses for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Employer's related 
costs(1) .......................  
24.8 
52.0 
21.6 
45.2 
23.4 
52.3 
Premises costs, 
including 
depreciation ..............  
13.5 
28.4 
14.0 
29.3 
11.5 
26.4 
Equipment and 
communications 
costs ..........................  
2.7 
5.6 
2.3 
4.9 
2.0 
4.6 
Key management and 
Board benefits, fees 
and charges ...............  
3.7 
7.7 
4.3 
8.9 
4.7 
10.4 
Consultancy and legal 
fees ...........................  
2.7 
5.7 
2.7 
5.6 
1.6 
3.7 
Others ..........................  
0.3 
0.6 
2.9 
6.1 
1.5 
3.3 
Total ............................  
47.7 
100.0 
47.9 
100.0 
44.7 
100.0 
________ 
Notes: 
 (1) Comprises staff cost and end of services benefits. 
The Group's operating expenses decreased by U.S.$0.3 million, or 0.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019. 
This principally reflected a decrease of U.S.$2.7 million, or 90.7 per cent., in others, which principally 
related to an incentive bonus paid in 2019 on a profitable exit from one of the Group's investee companies, 
and a U.S.$0.6 million, or 13.8 per cent., decrease in key management and Board benefits as a result of 
lower fees received from subsidiaries for management services. These decreases were principally offset by 
an increase of U.S.$3.1 million, or 14.5 per cent., in employer's related costs due to incremental increases 
and new employees hired. 
The Group's operating expenses increased by U.S.$3.2 million, or 7.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018. 
This principally reflected a U.S.$2.5 million, or 22.1 per cent., increase in premises costs, including 
depreciation which was due mainly to the increase in business mission cost, IT services and maintenance. 
Impairment losses on financial instruments, net 
The Group's total net impairment charges were U.S.$14.3 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$3.9 million in 
2019 and U.S.$25.7 million in 2018.

--- Page 130 ---
- 118 - 
The table below shows the composition of the Group's net impairment charges in each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Charge for the year 
 
 
 
Placements .................................................................................. 
(0.1) 
— 
0.0 
Loans and advances .................................................................... 
(19.0) 
— 
(22.9) 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees ............................. 
— 
(6.4) 
— 
 
(19.1) 
(6.4) 
(22.9) 
Reversal for the year 
 
 
 
Placements .................................................................................. 
— 
0.0 
— 
Debt securities at FVOCI ........................................................... 
0.5 
4.0 
1.9 
Loans and advances .................................................................... 
2.2 
4.2 
— 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees ............................. 
2.1 
— 
0.4 
 
4.8 
8.2 
2.3 
 
(14.3) 
1.8 
(20.6) 
 
In 2020, the Group's U.S.$19.1 million impairment loss on financial instruments, net almost entirely related 
to its loans and advances and reflected its ECL for the year. These charges were offset by (i) a reversal of 
U.S.$2.2 million in respect of loans and advances as a result of repayment of non-performing loans and 
revaluation of a subordinated loan and (ii) a reversal of U.S.$2.1 million in respect of loan commitments 
and financial guarantees reflecting improved ratings of exposure countries. 
In 2019, the Group's U.S.$6.4 million impairment loss on financial instruments, net related to its loan 
commitments and financial guarantees and reflected the ECL for the period. These charges were offset by 
(i) a recovery of U.S.$4.0 million in respect of investment securities at FVOCI (debt) reflecting payments 
at maturity and sales of securities and (ii) a recovery of U.S.$4.2 million in respect of loans and advances 
reflecting improvements in ratings of exposure countries. 
In 2018, the Group's U.S.$22.9 million impairment loss in relation to its loans and advances reflected a 
U.S.$23.4 million charge for stage 2 exposures primarily relating to first year implementation of IFRS 9 
which was partially offset by a U.S.$0.5 million recovery for stage 1 exposures. These charges were offset 
to an extent by (i) a recovery of U.S.$1.9 million in respect of investment securities at FVOCI (debt) 
reflecting payments at maturity and (ii) a recovery of U.S.$0.6 million in respect of stage 1 loan 
commitments and financial guarantees which was partially offset by an impairment charge of U.S.$0.2 
million in respect of stage 2 loan commitments and financial guarantees. 
Impairment losses on other assets, net 
In 2020, the Group recorded no impairment losses on other assets. 
In 2019, the Group recorded a U.S.$10.4 million impairment loss on its equity accounted investees which 
related to Falcon Cement and reflected a decline in demand for cement. This impairment loss was offset by 
a recovery of U.S.$4.7 million in respect of property, equipment and vessels due to an improvement in 
charter rates. 
In 2018, the Group recorded a U.S.$5 million impairment charge in respect of vessels, reflecting low charter 
rates. 
Profit for the year 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group recorded profit for the year of U.S.$115.1 million in 2020 compared 
to U.S.$111.9 million in 2019 and U.S.$182.3million in 2018, an increase of U.S.$3.2 million, or 2.8 per 
cent., in 2020 and a decrease of U.S.$70.4 million, or 38.6 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.

--- Page 131 ---
- 119 - 
Excluding the non-recurring gain in 2018, the Group's adjusted profit for the year in 2018 would have been 
U.S.$95,603 million, see "Principal factors affecting results of operations—Gain on sale of investments 
held for sale". 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
The Group's other comprehensive loss for the year was U.S.$24.4 million in 2020 compared to other 
comprehensive income of U.S.$1.8 million in 2019 and other comprehensive loss of U.S.$22.0 million in 
2018. These movements principally reflected changes in fair value of certain of the Group's equity and debt 
investments and, in 2020, a fair value loss reclassified to profit and loss on the sale of certain FVOCI debt 
securities. 
In 2020, the Group recognised other comprehensive income of U.S.$1.9 million and U.S.$19.3 million, 
respectively, on fair value changes of its equity investments held at FVOCI and its debt securities held at 
FVOCI. In addition, in 2020 the Group recognised a comprehensive loss of U.S.$45.7 million on the 
reclassification to profit and loss following the sale of certain FVOCI debt securities. In 2019 and 2018, the 
Group recognised other comprehensive losses of U.S.$37.3 million and U.S.$8.0 million, respectively on fair 
value changes of its equity investments held at FVOCI, which is principally attributable to movements in 
the fair value of its investments in listed and unlisted equities. In addition, the Group recognised 
comprehensive income of U.S.$38.7 million and a comprehensive loss of U.S.$13.8 million, respectively, 
on fair value changes in its debt securities held at FVTOCI. 
Total comprehensive income 
Reflecting the Group's profit for the year and its other comprehensive loss or income in each year, the 
Group's total comprehensive income was U.S.$90.6 million in 2020 compared to U.S.$113.7 million in 
2019 and U.S.$160.3 million in 2018. 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING 
Overview 
The Group principally uses cash to advance loans and make direct and indirect equity investments and 
treasury investments. The Group also uses cash to pay interest on and repay its financing and to pay 
dividends to its shareholders. The Group's principal source of cash is its cash flow from operating activities, 
although it also raises funding through bank term loans and the issue of bonds and sukuk, accepts deposits 
from banks, corporates and shareholders and generates cash through the sale of investments. In addition, 
although the Group does not benefit from shareholder guarantees, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 billion in callable 
capital, which is a joint and several obligation of each shareholder to provide additional capital if required 
in certain cases and subject to the approval of its shareholders. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme—APICORP is a 
multilateral development bank without guarantee-related support from its shareholders". 
Cash flow 
The table below summarises the Group's cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and 
financing activities for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018(1) 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash from (used in) operating activities ...............................  
258.4 
212.9 
(672.5) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities ...............................  
(457.3) 
(322.9) 
213.7 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ...............................  
215.0 
129.5 
436.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ......................................  
171.5 
152.0 
174.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December ................................  
187.6 
171.5 
152.0 
________ 
(1) In 2020, the Group changed the presentation of its consolidated statement of cash flows by removing 
net interest income and showing only interest income received and by including cash equivalents in the 
statement.  The numbers for 2018 have been adjusted to show a consistent presentation.

--- Page 132 ---
- 120 - 
Cash flow from operating activities 
The Group's net cash from operating activities for 2020 was U.S.$258.4 million compared to net cash flow 
from operating activities for 2019 of U.S.$212.9 million and net cash flow used in operating activities for 
2018 of U.S.$672.5 million. The Group's cash flow in each year before changes in operating assets and 
liabilities principally reflects its profit for the year adjusted to deduct non-cash net interest income and 
dividend income. In addition, in 2020 a non-cash gain on sale of investments was also deducted and in 2018 
the non-cash gain on the sale of NPS was also deducted. 
The significant variations in the Group's operating cash flow in each year principally reflect changes in 
loans and advances, in interest received and in placements with banks. In particular, in 2020 the Group's 
net inflows from placements with banks and interest received were U.S.$237.1 million and U.S.$215.9 
million, respectively, and its net outflow from the disbursement of loans was U.S.$244.3 million. In 2019 
the Group's net inflows from interest received and placements with banks were U.S.$277.8 million and 
U.S.$144.1 million, respectively, and its net outflow from the disbursement of loans was U.S.$177.9 
million. In 2018, the Group's net outflows from the disbursement of loans and from placements with banks 
were U.S.$544.3 million and U.S.$318.2 million, respectively. 
Cash flow from investing activities 
The Group's net cash used in investing activities in 2020 was U.S.$457.3 million compared to net cash used 
in investing activities of U.S.$322.9 million in 2019 and net cash from investing activities of U.S.$213.7 
million in 2018. 
In 2020, the principal investment flows were a net outflow of U.S.$494.3 million from the purchase and 
sale of investments which was offset by an inflow of U.S.$41.2 million from dividends received. In 2019, 
the principal investment flows were a net outflow of U.S.$387.2 million from the purchase and sale of 
investments which was offset by an inflow of U.S.$67.4 million from dividends received. In 2018, the 
principal investment flows were inflows of U.S.$197.3 million from the sale of NPS and U.S.$56.4 million 
from dividends received which were offset by a net outflow of U.S.$37.5 million from the purchase and sale 
of investments. 
Cash flow from financing activities 
The Group's net cash from financing activities in 2020 was U.S.$215.0 million compared to U.S.$129.5 
million in 2019 and U.S.$436.4 million in 2018. 
In 2020, the principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S.$632.1 million in proceeds from and repayments 
of bonds and sukuk issued which was offset by a net cash outflow of U.S.$137.9 million in deposits repaid 
by and placed with APICORP, a cash outflow of U.S.$150.0 million in term financing repaid and a cash 
outflow of U.S.$129.2 million in financing charges paid. 
In 2019, the principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S.$632.7 million in proceeds from and repayments 
of bonds and sukuk issued which was offset by net cash outflows of U.S.$192.3 million in deposits repaid 
by and placed with APICORP and U.S.$116.7 million in term financing repaid and received as well as by 
a cash outflow of U.S.$172.8 million in financing charges paid and U.S.$21.4 million in dividends paid to 
shareholders. 
In 2018, the principal financing cash inflows were U.S.$862.6 million in proceeds from bonds and sukuk 
issued and U.S.$375.0 million in term financing which were offset by net cash outflows of U.S.$675.9 
million in deposits repaid by and placed with APICORP as well as by outflows of U.S.$110.9 million in 
financing charges paid and U.S.$14.4 million in dividends paid to shareholders. 
Liquidity 
The Group's liquidity comprises its treasury investment portfolio, placements with banks and cash. The 
table below shows the Group's liquidity as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Treasury investment portfolio ....................................................  
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0

--- Page 133 ---
- 121 - 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Placements with banks ...............................................................  
374.7 
606.9 
683.9 
Cash and bank balances ..............................................................  
57.6 
48.6 
152.0 
Total liquidity ...........................................................................  
2,757.1 
2,435.7 
2,022.0 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 62.4 per cent. of the gross amount of the Group's bank placements were with 
institutions that were rated AAA to AA-, 29.5 per cent. were with institutions that were rated A+ to A- and 
8.0 per cent. were with institutions that were rated BBB to BBB-. The Group's treasury investment portfolio 
is described under "—Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Treasury investment 
portfolio" below. 
Funding 
The Group actively manages a net funding requirement of approximately between U.S.$4.5 billion to 
U.S.$5.0 billion a year. To this end, it maintains an active relationship with counterparties across the GCC, 
Europe, the United States, Asia and Africa, although it remains significantly reliant on the GCC for funding. 
The Group's funding strategy relies on a mixture of medium to longer-term borrowings and shorter-term 
deposits together with a small amount of funding raised from repo-transactions using securities in its 
investments portfolio. 
The table below shows the Group's sources of funding by amount and proportion of the total as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Borrowings .................................................................................  
4,773.9 
4,252.4 
3,770.3 
Deposits ......................................................................................  
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .........................  
352.1 
145.7 
150.8 
Total funding ............................................................................  
5,264.0 
4,882.5 
4,593.3 
 
(per cent.) 
Borrowings .................................................................................  
90.7 
87.1 
82.1 
Deposits ......................................................................................  
2.6 
9.9 
14.6 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .........................  
6.7 
3.0 
3.3 
Total funding ............................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
In 2020, APICORP raised total of U.S.$1,139.6 million, all of which was from two bond issuances. In 2020, 
APICORP repaid U.S.$650 million equivalent of sukuk and loan borrowings. 
In 2019, APICORP raised total of U.S.$1,575 million, of which U.S.$625 million was from two bond 
issuances and the balance was from borrowings. Of the loan borrowings, U.S.$800 million was 
denominated in Saudi riyals. In 2019, APICORP repaid U.S.$1,133 million equivalent of loan borrowings. 
In 2018, APICORP raised U.S.$1,225 million from a mix of bonds and loans. U.S.$375 million was raised 
in loans, U.S.750 million in an issue of bonds under the Programme and CNY 630 million in bonds issued 
in the offshore Renminbi market. 
These issuances have helped to significantly extend the maturity profile of APICORP's funding and also 
allowed it to reduce its reliance on wholesale deposits and eliminate previous short-term asset/liability 
mismatches. The extension of its maturity profile was a significant part of the rationale for APICORP's 
rating upgrade from Aa3 to Aa2 in October 2019.

--- Page 134 ---
- 122 - 
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had six fully drawn bank term loans outstanding. These term loans 
have margins between 0.55 per cent. and 0.80 per cent. over the Saudi riyal interbank offered rate or the 
London interbank offered rate, depending on the facility currency. The lenders under these facilities are 
regional and international banks. 
The table below provides details of each of the Group's outstanding bank term loans as at 31 December 
2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
U.S.$150 million loan 2018 – 2021 (fully drawn)................................................................. 
150.0 
U.S.$75 million loan 2018 – 2021 (fully drawn) .................................................................. 
75.0 
U.S.$50 million loan 2019 – 2022 (fully drawn) .................................................................. 
50.0 
SAR 1,500 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) .............................................................. 
400.0 
SAR 1,500 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) .............................................................. 
400.0 
U.S.$100 million loan 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn)................................................................. 
100.0 
Interest payable ..................................................................................................................... 
2.0 
Unamortised front-end fees ................................................................................................... 
(5.1) 
Total bank term loans ......................................................................................................... 
1,171.9 
 
The Group's borrowings contain the following financial covenants: 
 
the ratio of total shareholders' funds to total assets must at all times be 16.67 per cent. or higher; 
and 
 
total shareholders' funds must at all times be higher than U.S.$800 million for the bank financing. 
The Group's total shareholders' funds amounted to U.S.$2.4 billion as at 31 December 2020 and the ratio 
of total shareholders' funds to total assets as at that date was 30.9 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group also had one series of sukuk and eight series of bonds outstanding. 
The table below provides details of each of the Group's outstanding series of sukuk and bonds as at 31 
December 2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
Sukuk 
 
U.S.$500 million 3.141 per cent. sukuk due 2022 ................................................................. 
517.7 
Bonds 
 
U.S.$750 million 4.125 per cent. bonds due 2023 ................................................................. 
804.0 
U.S.$1,000 million 1.46 per cent. Bonds due 2025 ............................................................... 
1,002.2 
U.S.$300 million floating rate bonds due 2021 ..................................................................... 
300.0 
U.S.$105 million floating rate bonds due 2022 ..................................................................... 
105.0 
CNH630 million 4.7 per cent. bonds due 2021 ..................................................................... 
96.6 
U.S.$300 million floating rate bonds due 2024 ..................................................................... 
300.0 
U.S.$325 million floating rate bonds due 2024 ..................................................................... 
325.0 
GBP100 million 0.71 per cent. Bonds due 2023 ................................................................... 
137.4 
Interest payable ..................................................................................................................... 
17.2 
Unamortised front-end fee ..................................................................................................... 
(3.0) 
Total sukuk and bonds ........................................................................................................ 
3,602.1

--- Page 135 ---
- 123 - 
 
All of the Group's bonds and sukuk issued are listed. The Group has entered into interest rate swaps in 
relation to each series of fixed rate sukuk and bonds with a view to hedging its exposure to changes in fair 
value as a result of changes in market interest rates. 
Deposits 
The Group is one of only a few multilateral development banks which accepts wholesale deposits. The 
table below shows a breakdown of the Group's deposits by amount and proportion as at 31 December in 
each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Deposits from banks ...................................................................  
— 
242.2 
139.5 
Deposits from corporates............................................................  
18.7 
122.5 
415.2 
Deposits from shareholders ........................................................  
119.1 
117.5 
114.0 
Interest payable ..........................................................................  
0.2 
2.4 
3.6 
Total ...........................................................................................  
137.9 
484.5 
672.2 
 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from banks ...................................................................  
— 
50.0 
20.7 
Deposits from corporates............................................................  
13.5 
25.3 
61.8 
Deposits from shareholders ........................................................  
86.4 
24.2 
17.0 
Interest payable ..........................................................................  
0.1 
0.5 
0.5 
Total ...........................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Most of the Group's deposits are contractually short-term in nature and comprise a mix of conventional and 
Islamic bank deposits, deposits from corporates and deposits from APICORP's shareholders. The 
significant fall in the Group's corporate deposits in 2019 and 2020 reflects its strategy of increasing its 
medium term funding with a view to eliminating previous short-term asset/liability mismatches. As at 31 
December 2020, these deposits together with the Group's repo transactions that constitute part of its funding 
totalled U.S.$490.0 million, of which 59.2 per cent. had maturities of up to three months and the remaining 
40.8 per cent. had maturities of more than three months but less than one year. 
The Group's deposit counterparty base includes a range of conventional and Islamic banks, companies, 
governments and government agencies. 
The Group accepts deposits in a range of currencies although, as at 31 December 2020, all of its deposits 
were denominated in U.S. dollars. 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's deposits as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from banks ...................................................................  
— 
3.06 
3.18 
Deposits from corporates............................................................  
0.92 
2.52 
2.98 
Deposits from Shareholders .......................................................  
0.90 
2.26 
3.27 
 
Maturity profile of the Group's funding 
Of the Group's U.S.$5,264.0 million funding outstanding as at 31 December 2020, 21.0 per cent. was 
scheduled to mature within 12 months.

--- Page 136 ---
- 124 - 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's funding (including short-term funding) as 
at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Repayable within 12 months ...........................................................................  
1,106.0 
21.0 
Repayable between one and three years ..........................................................  
655.0 
12.4 
Repayable between three and five years .........................................................  
3,503.0 
66.6 
Repayable after five years ...............................................................................  
— 
— 
Total funding .................................................................................................  
5,264.0 
100.0 
 
ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ITEMS 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances, its direct and indirect investments (principally in 
the form of equity securities held at FVOCI but also including its FVTPL fund investments and investments 
in three associates) and its treasury investment portfolio, each of which are discussed in more detail below. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's loans and advances and its equity investments aggregated 
U.S.$4,924.3 million, or 62.4 per cent. of its total assets. 
The Group's principal liabilities are its bank term financing and its bonds and sukuk issued, which are 
discussed under "—Liquidity and funding—Borrowings" above, and its deposits, which are discussed under 
"—Liquidity and funding—Deposits" above. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's bank term financing, its 
bonds and sukuk issued and its deposits aggregated U.S.$5,264.0 million, or 96.6 per cent. of its total 
liabilities. 
Loans and advances 
The Group provides syndicated and direct loans for projects developed by local, regional and international 
sponsors in the energy sector. 
Portfolio status and risk classification 
The table below shows the status of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Islamic loans at amortised cost ...................................................  
1,371.7 
1,364.0 
1,491.4 
Conventional loans 
 
 
 
- at amortised cost ......................................................................  
2,603.5 
2,366.8 
2,063.9 
- at FVTPL .................................................................................  
47.4 
47.4 
48.3 
Interest receivable ......................................................................  
13.3 
26.2 
21.5 
 
4,035.8 
3,804.4 
3,625.1 
Unamortised participation and upfront fees ...............................  
(53.3) 
(55.2) 
(55.0) 
ECL impairment allowance ........................................................  
(68.3) 
(51.5) 
(55.7) 
 
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 is set out under "Risk management—Credit risk management—Generating the term 
structure of PD". For information regarding the Group's internal rating classifications, see "Risk 
management—Credit risk management—Credit rating and measurement". 
Portfolio sector and sub-sector concentration 
The Group's loans and advances are concentrated within the energy sector by virtue of APICORP's founding 
mandate. However, the Group seeks to maintain a diversified profile of loans within those sectors. The

--- Page 137 ---
- 125 - 
table below shows the classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and 
advances outstanding by amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Energy .......................................................................................  
1,570.3 
1,600.9 
1,405.6 
Materials ....................................................................................  
935.3 
958.0 
923.1 
Financials and sovereign ...........................................................  
38.9 
— 
50.0 
Utilities ......................................................................................  
1,072.6 
840.7 
776.8 
Industrials ..................................................................................  
297.1 
298.0 
359.0 
Total loans and advances ........................................................  
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The table below shows the classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and 
advances outstanding by proportion of the total as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Energy ........................................................................................  
40.1 
43.3 
40.0 
Materials .....................................................................................  
23.9 
25.9 
26.3 
Financials and sovereign ............................................................  
1.0 
 
1.4 
Utilities .......................................................................................  
27.4 
22.7 
22.1 
Industrials ...................................................................................  
7.6 
8.1 
10.2 
Total loans and advances .........................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Portfolio geographical concentration 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by 
amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
SaudiArabia ................................................................................  
1,218.3 
1,094.3 
989.5 
Qatar ...........................................................................................  
536.6 
490.9 
436.6 
Other GCC States .......................................................................  
1,419.5 
1,167.9 
1,154.8 
Egypt and North Africa ..............................................................  
249.6 
328.9 
431.1 
Total Arab world ........................................................................  
3,424.0 
3,082.1 
3,012.0 
Europe ........................................................................................  
235.0 
347.3 
188.6 
Asia and Oceania ........................................................................  
130.4 
96.6 
175.1 
United States ..............................................................................  
124.8 
171.8 
138.7 
Total loans and advances .........................................................  
3,914.2 
3,697.7 
3,514.4 
 
The Group's loans and advances are also concentrated within the Arab world, again reflecting APICORP's 
mandate and its shareholder base. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by 
proportion of the total as at 31 December in each of 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia ...............................................................................  
31.1 
29.6 
28.2 
Qatar ...........................................................................................  
13.7 
13.3 
12.4 
Other GCC States .......................................................................  
36.3 
31.6 
32.9 
Egypt and North Africa ..............................................................  
6.4 
8.9 
12.3

--- Page 138 ---
- 126 - 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Total Arab world ........................................................................  
87.5 
83.4 
85.7 
Europe ........................................................................................  
6.0 
9.4 
5.4 
Asia and Oceania ........................................................................  
3.3 
2.6 
5.0 
United States ..............................................................................  
3.2 
4.6 
3.9 
Total loans and advances .........................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
The Group's loans and advances are principally denominated in U.S. dollars although it also has a small 
amount of loans and advances denominated in Saudi Arabian riyal. Almost all of the Group's loans and 
advances bear interest at floating rates of interest that reprice within one year or less. 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's loans and advances as 
at 31 December in each of 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Loans and advances ....................................................................  
2.38 
4.08 
4.75 
U.S. dollar denominated ..........................................................  
2.36 
4.03 
4.76 
Non-U.S. dollar denominated ..................................................  
2.51 
4.14 
4.73 
 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the Group's loans and advances as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months 
to one 
year 
1 to 5 
years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
Loans and advances (U.S.$ million) .  
125.3 
805.6 
2,043.2 
940.1 
3,914.2 
Loans and advances (per cent.) ........  
3.2 
20.6 
52.2 
24.0 
100.0 
 
Direct and indirect equity investments 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments are described under "Description of the Group— 
Business—Investments". 
Treasury investment portfolio 
The Group, through its T&CM business line, manages a treasury investment portfolio with the aim of 
providing enhanced earnings not correlated to its other two main cyclical business lines, which are direct 
and syndicated lending to, and direct equity investments in, companies and other entities engaged in the oil 
and gas and energy industries. The treasury investment portfolio principally comprises fixed and floating 
rate bonds, which comprised 83.2 per cent. of the portfolio as at 31 December 2020. Treasury bills make up 
the balance of the portfolio. All of the securities in the Group's treasury investment portfolio were classified 
as debt securities at FVOCI as at 31 December 2020. 
Portfolio breakdown by security type 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount and proportion 
of the total as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Treasury bills ..............................................................................  
374.9 
394.4 
225.0 
Fixed rate bonds .........................................................................  
1,867.5 
1,303.4 
989.4 
Floating rate bonds .....................................................................  
67.9 
69.5 
90.0 
Interest receivable ......................................................................  
15.3 
14.1 
12.9

--- Page 139 ---
- 127 - 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
ECL impairment allowance ........................................................  
(0.8) 
(1.3) 
(5.3) 
 
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
(per cent.) 
Treasury bills ..............................................................................  
16.1 
22.2 
17.1 
Fixed rate bonds .........................................................................  
80.3 
73.2 
75.4 
Floating rate bonds .....................................................................  
2.9 
3.9 
6.9 
Interest receivable ......................................................................  
0.7 
0.8 
1.0 
ECL impairment allowance ........................................................  
0.0 
(0.1) 
(0.4) 
 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
All of the Group's treasury investments are fair valued using quoted prices on active markets at the end of 
each reporting period. The Group uses a portion of the securities within the portfolio as collateral for repo- 
based financing transactions. As at 31 December 2020, securities with a fair value of U.S.$383.2 million 
had been pledged as collateral for these transactions, compared to U.S.$185.2 million as at 31 December 
2019 and U.S.$179.6 million as at 31 December 2018. 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the fixed income securities in the Group's treasury investment 
portfolio as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months 
to one 
year 
1 to 5 
years 
5 years 
and over 
Total 
Treasury investment portfolio 
(U.S.$ million) ............................... 
271.4 
280.8 
807.4 
965.2 
2,324.8 
Treasury investment portfolio (per 
cent.) .............................................. 
11.7 
12.1 
34.7 
41.5 
100.0 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's treasury investment portfolio had a weighted average credit rating of 
'AA'. 
The Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprises debt securities issued by financial 
institutions and governments and public sector bodies. The remaining securities are principally invested 
within the utilities and energy sectors. 
Ratings classification of treasury investment portfolio 
The table below shows the ratings classification by issuer type of the Group's treasury investment portfolio 
by amount as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA to AA- .......................................................... 
1,192.9 
— 
— 
1,192.9 
A+ to A- ................................................................ 
853.6 
66.9 
— 
920.4 
BBB to BBB- ........................................................ 
50.9 
5.2 
— 
56.0 
BB+ to B- .............................................................. 
48.4 
107.8 
— 
156.2 
Gross amount ....................................................... 
2,145.8 
179.8 
— 
2,325.6 
ECL allowance ...................................................... 
(0.4) 
(0.4) 
 
(0.8) 
 
2,145.4 
179.4 
— 
2,324.8

--- Page 140 ---
- 128 - 
Sectoral breakdown of treasury investment portfolio 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount as at 
31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Energy ......................................................................................... 
209.0 
312.4 
317.8 
Materials ...................................................................................... 
72.8 
63.1 
75.7 
Financials and sovereign ............................................................. 
1,508.0 
1,234.0 
753.5 
Utilities ........................................................................................ 
486.6 
92.0 
82.6 
Industrials .................................................................................... 
48.4 
78.8 
82.6 
Total treasury investment portfolio ......................................... 
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by proportion 
of the total as at as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Energy ......................................................................................... 
9.0 
17.5 
24.2 
Materials ...................................................................................... 
3.1 
3.5 
5.8 
Financials and sovereign ............................................................. 
64.9 
69.3 
57.4 
Utilities ........................................................................................ 
20.9 
5.2 
6.3 
Industrials .................................................................................... 
2.1 
4.4 
6.3 
Total treasury investment portfolio ......................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Geographical concentration of treasury investment portfolio 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprised debt securities 
issued by GCC issuers and United States issuers. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by 
amount as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Saudi Arabia ...............................................................................  
427.5 
299.1 
233.8 
Qatar ...........................................................................................  
136.4 
108.1 
135.3 
Other GCC States .......................................................................  
613.4 
444.3 
379.8 
Total Arab world ......................................................................  
1,177.3 
851.5 
748.9 
Europe ........................................................................................  
— 
139.2 
66.7 
Asia and Oceania ........................................................................  
384.9 
61.1 
17.8 
United States ..............................................................................  
762.7 
728.4 
478.7 
Total treasury investment portfolio ........................................  
2,324.8 
1,780.2 
1,312.0 
 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio, or in 
2017, the fixed income securities within that portfolio, by proportion of the total as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Saudi Arabia ..............................................................................  
18.4 
16.8 
17.8 
Qatar ..........................................................................................  
5.9 
6.1 
10.3

--- Page 141 ---
- 129 - 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Other GCC States ......................................................................  
26.4 
25.0 
28.9 
Total Arab world .....................................................................  
50.6 
47.8 
57.1 
Europe .......................................................................................  
— 
7.8 
5.1 
Asia and Oceania .......................................................................  
16.6 
3.4 
1.4 
United States .............................................................................  
32.8 
40.9 
36.5 
Total treasury investment portfolio .......................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Interest rate structure of fixed income portfolio 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's treasury investment 
portfolio as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Fixed rate bonds ......................................................................... 
2.93 
3.91 
4.67 
Floating rate bonds ..................................................................... 
1.72 
3.29 
3.63 
 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
The Group's principal commitments are to underwrite and fund loans to be made by it and to subscribe 
capital to direct equity investees. The Group also has limited other commitments and a contingent liability 
in respect of a guarantee given by it in respect of a loan made to Egyptian Bahraini Gas Derivative 
Company, a fully impaired direct equity investment at FVOCI. The Group's shares in Egyptian Bahraini 
Gas Derivative Company have been pledged to secure this guarantee. 
The table below shows the Group's commitments and contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans .......................................................................... 
1,820.6 
Commitments to subscribe capital to direct equity investments ............................................ 
45.4 
Guarantees to bank on loans of investee companies ............................................................. 
8.0 
Fixed asset commitments ...................................................................................................... 
4.9 
 
1,878.9 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders. Although the Group does not transact any 
commercial business directly with the shareholders themselves, it is engaged in financing activities with 
companies which are either controlled by the shareholder governments or over which they have significant 
influence. Loans made by the Group to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates and are 
subject to normal commercial negotiation as to terms. The majority of loans to related parties are 
syndicated, which means that participation and terms are negotiated by a group of arrangers, of which 
APICORP may, or may not, be a leader. No loans to related parties were written off in 2020, 2019 or 2018 
(save following a settlement agreement with the Government of Iraq relating to certain loans made by the 
Group to companies controlled by the Government of Iraq which had been defaulted on following the 1990-
1991 second Gulf war and against which the Group had offset unpaid dividends to the Government of Iraq).

--- Page 142 ---
- 130 - 
The table below summarises the Group's related party loans, direct equity investments in related parties and 
deposits from related parties as at, and for the years ended, 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Loans to related parties 
 
 
 
Gross loans outstanding ............................................................ 
2,860.5 
2,498.8 
2,382.3 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans .............................. 
799.8 
681.5 
539.3 
Interest income from loans during the year ............................... 
91.7 
132.0 
103.0 
Loan fees received during the year ............................................ 
1.2 
1.9 
2.2 
ECL allowance .......................................................................... 
(32.10) 
(15.8) 
(19.0) 
Investments in related parties 
 
 
 
Investments ............................................................................... 
969.4 
981.0 
1,044.3 
Commitments to invest .............................................................. 
45.7 
45.7 
51.3 
Guarantees as shareholder ......................................................... 
8.0 
8.0 
8.8 
Dividends received during the year ........................................... 
46.9 
64.4 
56.4 
Deposits 
 
 
 
Deposits from corporates........................................................... 
18.7 
122.5 
415.2 
Deposits from Shareholders ...................................................... 
119.1 
117.5 
114.0 
Other 
 
 
 
Dividend payable to Shareholders ............................................. 
23.0 
23.0 
13.7 
Interest expense on deposits from corporates during the year ... 
2.3 
10.8 
17.8 
Interest expense on deposits from Shareholders during the year
 ................................................................................................ 
1.6 
3.5 
3.1 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's gross loans outstanding to related parties were 70.9 per cent. of its 
total gross loans outstanding, compared to 65.7 per cent. as at 31 December in each of 2019 and 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's investments in related parties were 30.1 per cent. of its total 
investments, compared to 35.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 42.7 per cent. as at 31 December 
2018. 
As at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group's deposits from related party corporates were 
100.0 per cent. of its total deposits from corporates. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market 
confidence and to sustain the future development of its business. The Group recognises the need to maintain 
a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the advantages and 
security afforded by a sound capital position. Although the Group is not subject to regulatory-imposed 
capital requirements, it monitors and manages its capital based on the capital adequacy ratios prescribed by 
the Basel Committee (Basel II) and also voluntarily complies with Basel III liquidity risk management 
guidelines. The Group's capital adequacy as at 31 December 2020 based on qualifying capital to total risk 
weighted exposure was 31.21 per cent. 
The table below shows the Group's capital adequacy as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million, except percentages) 
Risk weighted exposures 
 
 
 
On balance sheet assets ..............................................................  
7,333.2 
7,349.4 
6,952.8 
Off balance sheet exposures .......................................................  
738.5 
1,582.6 
1,564.8 
Total risk weighted exposures .................................................  
8,071.7 
8,087.5 
7,942.6 
Capital adequacy 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital(1) ...........................................................................  
2,438.5 
2,348.4 
2,265.9 
Tier 2 capital(2) ...........................................................................  
81.1 
41.4 
28.3 
Qualifying capital .....................................................................  
2,519.6 
2,389.8 
2,294.2

--- Page 143 ---
- 131 - 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$ million, except percentages) 
Total capital adequacy ratio (Basel II) .......................................  
31.21% 
29.55% 
28.53% 
Tier 1 capital ratio (Basel II) ......................................................  
30.21% 
29.04% 
28.53% 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Comprises share capital, legal and general reserves and retained earnings. 
(2) Comprises investments fair value reserve and collective impairment allowance. 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks and takes steps to mitigate certain of these risks as described in 
"Risk management".

--- Page 144 ---
- 132 - 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
APICORP's governing bodies include the General Assembly, the Board and its committees and the Office 
of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, appointed by the Board, is responsible for all 
the activities of the Group under the supervision of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is assisted by 
the senior management team. 
The Board 
The Board comprises one director appointed by each of the OAPEC Member States. The Board elects its 
chairman. Membership of the Board is for a term of four years and may be renewed for any number of 
successive terms. The Board meets once every three months. 
The members of the current Board are listed below. Members of the Board represent their respective 
country's interest in APICORP and, as shown in the table below, most Board members are in current 
leadership positions in their countries. 
Name 
Title 
Principal occupation 
outside APICORP 
Member 
State(1) 
Dr. Aabed bin Abdulla Al-Saadoun 
Chairman 
Deputy 
Minister 
for 
Companies 
Affairs, 
Ministry of Petroleum & 
Minerals 
Saudi Arabia 
Engr. Salem Mohammed Omar 
Hnesh 
Deputy 
Chairman 
General Manager, Libyan 
Arab Foreign Investment 
Company 
Libya 
Engr. Sharif Salim Al-Olama  
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of 
Energy & Infrastructure 
UAE 
Dr. Sheikh Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah 
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of 
Oil 
Kuwait 
Mr. Alaa Kidher Kadhum Yasri 
Member 
General 
Manager, 
State 
Organization for Marketing 
of Oil 
Iraq 
Mr. 
Mohammed 
Khalid 
Al-
Ghanem 
Member 
Manager, 
Strategic 
Planning & Budget, Qatar 
Petroleum 
Qatar 
Mrs. Amel Abdellatif 
Member 
General Manager, Taxation 
Directorate, 
Ministry 
of 
Finance 
Algeria 
H.E. Engr. Tarek Ahmed El 
Molla 
Member 
Minister, 
Ministry 
of 
Petroleum 
and 
Mineral 
Resources 
Egypt 
Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood 
Member 
Undersecretary of Financial 
Affairs, Ministry of Finance 
& National Economy 
Bahrain 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Due to the current political situation in Syria, no representative from Syria is assigned to APICORP's 
Board at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The address of each Board member is the registered office of APICORP at Building 7201, King Faisal 
Road, Al-Bahar District, Unit 1, Al-Khobar 34218-3085 Saudi Arabia and their post office box address is

--- Page 145 ---
- 133 - 
P.O. Box 9599 Dammam 31423 Saudi Arabia. There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between 
the private interests or other duties of the directors listed above and their duties to the Group. 
Board committees 
The Board has established two committees: the Board Audit and Risk Committee (the "BARC") and the 
Board Governance and Remuneration Committee (the "BGRC"). 
The Audit and Risk Committee 
The BARC oversees the Group's financial activities, internal control, corporate governance and risk 
governance. The BARC is responsible for oversight of the Group's: 
 
financial activities and reporting system; 
 
internal controls and risk management framework; 
 
audit functions; and 
 
legal and compliance requirements. 
The BARC comprises Dr. Sheikh Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah (as Chairman), Engr. Sharif Salim Al-Olama (as 
Vice Chairman) and Mr. Alaa Kidher Kadhum Yasri, Mr. Mohammed Khalid Al- Ghanem, and Mrs. Amel 
Abdellatif (as members). 
The Governance and Remuneration Committee 
The BGRC oversees overall corporate governance together with employee compensation and benefits. The 
BGRC is responsible for: 
 
monitoring and continuously improving corporate governance; 
 
recommending appropriate remuneration and reward policies to the Board; and 
 
ensuring that human resources policies and practices are in line with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
The BGRC comprises Dr. Aabed bin Abdulla Al-Saadoun (as Chairman), Engr. Salem Mohammed Omar 
Hnesh (as Vice Chairman) and H.E. Engr. Tarek Ahmed El Molla and Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood (as 
members). 
Senior management 
The members of the Group's senior management team are: 
Name 
Title 
Dr. Ahmed Ali Attiga 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dr. Sherif Ayoub 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Bennie Burger 
Managing Director, Investments 
Mr. Hesham Farid 
Managing Director, Treasury &Capital Markets 
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot 
Managing Director, Corporate Banking 
Ms. Basema Al Mahroos 
Director, Portfolio Management 
Mr. Hamdi Bata 
Director, Human Resources & Corporate Services 
Mr. Ali Hassan Fadel 
Director, Legal 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Jha 
Director, Risk and Compliance 
Mr. Mohammad Khatib 
Director, Information Technology

--- Page 146 ---
- 134 - 
 
The address of each member of senior management is the registered office of APICORP at Building 7201, 
King Faisal Road, Al-Bahar District, Unit 1, Al-Khobar 34218-3085 Saudi Arabia and their postal address 
is P.O. Box 9599, Dammam 31423 Saudi Arabia. There are no potential conflicts of interest between the 
private interests or other duties of the members of senior management listed above and their duties to the 
Group. 
Dr. Ahmed Ali Attiga (Chief Executive Officer) 
Dr. Attiga's career and experience span over 26 years in investment management, development finance, 
private equity, research and teaching. He has served at the Board of Executive Directors of the World Bank 
Group in Washington, D.C. as well as a Manager of a Private Equity fund for the State of Wisconsin in the 
United States of America. He also advised Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund on privatisation and 
restructuring strategies. In his early career, he held teaching and research positions at the University of 
Wisconsin-Madison and the Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research. He joined the Group in April 2017. 
Dr. Attiga is a board member of the Emirates Development Bank and has served on the Royal International 
Commission to evaluate Jordan's privatisation programme. He is a Trustee of the Al-Amman Fund for the 
Future of Orphans, chaired by Her Majesty Queen Rania Al-Abduallah, and a member of the Arab Thought 
Forum among other various professional affiliations. 
Dr. Attiga holds three graduate degrees from the University of Wisconsin-Madison: a Ph.D. in Finance & 
Development, an MBA, and an M.S. in International Economies. He obtained his B.A. in Economics 
(Summa cum laude) from Kuwait University. 
Dr. Sherif Ayoub (Chief Financial Officer) 
Dr. Ayoub has over 20 years' experience in the financial sector. He has previously held several senior roles 
at the Islamic Development Bank at the Africa Department and the Islamic Corporation for the 
Development of the Private Sector, the Islamic Financial Services Department. While with the Islamic 
Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, he was seconded to the Islamic Financial Services 
Board in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia where he served as Assistant Secretary General. Mr Ayoub has also 
previously worked at A.T. Kearney, the US Government, the United Nations, and the World Bank. He 
joined the Group in February 2019. 
Dr. Ayoub has a PhD in Finance from Edinburgh University, a Master's degree from Columbia University 
and Bachelor's degree from Baldwin Wallace University. Dr Ayoub is also a CFA Charter holder and a 
Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 
Mr. Bennie Burger (Managing Director, Investments) 
Mr. Burger has over 26 years' experience in the financial services industry. He previously held a wide range 
of roles at The Standard Bank (at various times between 1990 and 2007), most recently as Regional 
Director: Corporate and Investment Banking for Southern Africa and Sector Head for Construction and 
Infrastructure. Between 1998 and 1999 he was a Team Leader: Commercial Banking at BOE Bank and 
between 1999 and 2001 he was Associate Director: Corporate Banking at PSG Investment Bank. Between 
2008 and 2012 he held various roles at Al Rajhi Bank and Al Rajhi Capital, most recently as Director and 
Head of Investment Banking between 2010 and 2012. Between 2013 and 2014 he was Chief Financial 
Officer at Algihaz Holding in Saudi Arabia. He joined the Group in 2014. 
Mr. Burger has a Bachelor's degree in Agricultural and Business Economics, a Bachelor's degree with 
Honours in Business Administration and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University 
of Stellenbosch. 
Mr. Hesham Farid (Managing Director, Treasury &Capital Markets) 
Mr. Farid has 32 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously been a credit officer 
at Misr Iran Development Bank (between 1984 and 1985) and he subsequently worked in a range of roles 
at Arab International Bank until 1996, most recently as Head of Fixed Income Investments (between 1990 
and 1996). He joined the Group in 1996. He was promoted to Acting Executive Vice President – Treasury 
& Capital Markets Department in 2009 and assumed his current position in June 2010.

--- Page 147 ---
- 135 - 
Mr. Farid has a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Business Administration, both from The 
American University in Cairo. 
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot (Managing Director, Corporate Banking) 
Mr. Thévenot has 25 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously worked at Crédit 
Agricole Indosuez in a range of roles between 1992 and 2000, most recently as Vice President-Asset Based 
Finance/MENA (between 1998 and 2000). He joined the Group in 2000 as head of the business group for 
North Africa and the Mediterranean basin in the department that handles the Group's project finance, 
financial advisory and trade finance activities (P&TF). In October 2004, he was appointed head of P&TF. 
Mr. Thévenot has a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Public Administration and Economics from 
l'Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and a post graduate diploma in International Economics from the same 
institution. 
Ms. Basema Al Mahroos (Director of Portfolio Management) 
Ms. Al Mahroos has over 32 years' experience in investment banking, project evaluation, process 
engineering, business planning, economics and trading. Since joining the Group in 2010, she has led a 
number of investment initiatives and played an instrumental role in the diversification of the Group's 
investments portfolio, in addition to leading the execution of the Group's exit strategy, notably the 
successful exit of NPS. Ms. Al Mahroos represents the Group on the boards of a number of investee 
companies. Prior to joining APICORP, she worked for the Bahrain Petroleum Company in a number of 
leadership roles. 
Ms. Al Mahroos has a Bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering (University of Bahrain) and a Master's 
degree in Finance from DePaul University, Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, USA. 
Mr. Hamdi Bata (Director, Human Resources & Corporate Services) 
Mr. Bata has around 15 years' experience in human resources. He previously worked at La Roche College, 
Pittsburgh, USA (between 2003 and 2009), most recently as Director of Academic Support (2006 to 2009), 
as a Managing Consultant for the Hay Group (between 2010 and 2013) and Head of Shared Services and 
Organisational Transformation at Castrol (between 2013 and 2015). He joined the Group in 2015. 
Mr. Bata has a Bachelor's degree in International Management and Information Systems and a Master's 
degree in Human Resource Management – Organisational Development & Change, both from La Roche 
College. 
Mr. Ali Hassan Fadel (Director, Legal) 
Mr. Fadel is a Solicitor of the Supreme Court of England and Wales. He is also a Certified Compliance 
Officer of the American Academy of Financial Management. Mr. Fadel practiced as an Advocate in Sudan 
between 1984 and 1993. He subsequently studied in London between 1994 and 1998 where he qualified as 
a Solicitor and he practiced as a Solicitor in London between 1999 and 2005. He joined the Group in 2005. 
Mr. Fadel graduated from the University of Khartoum with a Bachelor's degree in Law. Mr. Fadel also has 
a Master's degree in Commercial Law from the Queen Mary & Westfield College of the University of 
London and post graduate diplomas in English Law (Common Professional Examination) and in Legal 
Practice (Legal Practice Course) from the London Guildhall University. 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Jha (Director, Risk and Compliance) 
Mr. Jha has around 22 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously worked in a 
range of roles as follows: Loan Officer at TATA Finance Limited (1997 to 1999); Branch Manager at GE 
Capital, Indore (1999 to 2000); Regional Business Head, Mortgages at ICICI Bank, Kolkata (2001 to 2004); 
Assistant Vice President, Retail Banking at Citibank (2004 to 2008); Head-Credit & Risk Practice at 
Accenture (2008), Head of Risk at Amlak International Finance for Real Estate (2008 to 2009) and Head 
of Risk at Al Rajhi Capital (2009 to 2014). He joined the Group in 2014. 
Mr. Jha has a Bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Delhi University and a Master's degree in Business 
Administration from the Institute of Management Studies, Indore, India.

--- Page 148 ---
- 136 - 
Mr. Mohammad Khatib (Director of Information Technology) 
Mr. Khatib has over 24 years' experience in IT. Previously, he was a senior consultant with Market 
Management Improvement Services. He served as the Chief Information Officer at the Amman Stock 
Exchange, and prior to that as Chief Information Officer at Bank Al Etihad. In his most recent role, he was 
a director at the Global Business Bureau in Dubai. He joined the Group in January 2019. 
Mr. Khatib has a Master's degree in Analysis, Design and Management of Information Systems (ADMIS) 
at the London School of Economics. 
Management committees 
The Group has four management level committees. 
Executive Management Committee 
The Executive Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
 
reviewing and recommending the Group's corporate strategy, annual budget, business plan, human 
resource policy and corporate governance policy; 
 
periodically reviewing the Group's financial performance against its approved plan; and 
 
managing dispute solutions, crisis situations and key reputational risk events. 
The Executive Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the heads 
of T&CM, Investments, Corporate Banking, Finance, Risk Management & Compliance, Legal, IT, Energy 
Research, Human Resources & Corporate Services, Corporate Communication and Portfolio Management. 
The committee generally meets monthly. 
Credit and Investment Committee 
The Credit and Investment Committee's responsibilities include: 
 
reviewing and recommending to the Board new debt-related transactions, equity investment 
proposals, and direct investment and exit guidelines; 
 
reviewing renewals and extensions of existing credit facilities and non-performing credit facilities; 
 
ensuring compliance with credit policies and procedures, and direct investments and exit guidelines; 
and 
 
reviewing joint ventures, feasibility studies and due diligence reports. 
The Credit and Investment Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the heads 
of Finance, Corporate Banking, Investments, Risk Management & Compliance, Energy Research and 
Portfolio Management. 
The committee met 28 times in 2020, 24 times in 2019 and 20 times in 2018. 
The Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
 
reviewing and recommending the risk appetite framework for Board approval; 
 
reviewing and recommending the credit, market, operational and liquidity risk management 
policies/manuals and procedures, including the associated methodologies. The Risk Management 
Committee also reviews the stress test results provided by risk management as well as the financial 
planning and analytics unit on the above risk areas;

--- Page 149 ---
- 137 - 
 
reviewing and recommending the list of eligible instruments and respective limits, country risk 
profile updates and resulting exposure limit changes, any breach of limits, and assignment of 
financial institution and corporate limits; 
 
reviewing and recommending internal rating models and rating score cards for the loan portfolio 
and reviewing the risk reports for the equity portfolio; 
 
reviewing and recommending all operational risk management policies, including the business 
continuity policy/plan, the disaster recovery policy/plan and operational risk software; 
 
reviewing the exposure dashboard and approving risk exposure thresholds within limits set by the 
Board; 
 
reviewing the external rating of APICORP and providing its feedback to the ALCO on areas of 
improvement and the impact of changes in rating methodology; 
 
monitoring and reviewing all aspects of regulatory compliance; 
 
reporting key risk indicators and risk positions to the Board Audit & Risk Committee and provide 
recommendations; and 
 
reviewing risk management reports submitted to it. 
The Risk Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), the Chief 
Financial Officer, the Chief Economist and the Heads of Corporate Finance, Investments, T&CM, Portfolio 
Management, Risk & Compliance and IT. 
The committee met 13 times in 2020, six times in 2019 and six times in 2018. 
The ALCO 
The ALCO's responsibilities include: 
 
reviewing and recommending the asset and liability management ("ALM") framework and related 
policies (including the liquidity policy, the hedging policy and the pricing policy); 
 
reviewing the balance sheet composition (including asset mix and maturity profile) and cash flows 
for APICORP; 
 
reviewing the alignment and adjustments of the annual budget/forecast vis-à-vis the ALM 
framework; 
 
reviewing and recommending the annual funding plan, including the issuance of bonds and sukuk, 
as well as the contingency funding plan; 
 
reviewing and recommending the medium-term and long-term financial strategies and projections 
required to adjust the assets and liabilities in order to manage liquidity, leverage, funding, earnings, 
pricing, hedging and off-balance sheet exposures in order to ensure long-term financial 
sustainability; 
 
reviewing the robustness of cash flow projections; 
 
reviewing and recommending the target prudential minimum liquidity for APICORP and 
monitoring the liquidity position; 
 
reviewing the impact of liquidity measures, funding structure and interest-bearing asset 
compositions to optimise the earnings (net interest income) for APICORP; 
 
reviewing and assessing the stress test scenarios for liquidity and ALM; 
 
reviewing and approving the early redemptions of medium and long-term liabilities if internal 
and/or market conditions so warrant;

--- Page 150 ---
- 138 - 
 
reviewing and approving the external asset management programme and the appointment of asset 
managers for treasury assets; 
 
reviewing and approving the fund transfer pricing model, cost and profit allocations and pricing 
policy for APICORP; 
 
reviewing APICORP's capital structure and various financial ratios, including capital adequacy; 
 
reviewing and recommending the calling of capital payments; 
 
reviewing and clearing any breaches of ALM and treasury portfolio limits; and 
 
ensuring that the ALCO reporting pack is presented and deliberated. 
The ALCO comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief 
Economist and the Heads of Corporate Finance, Investments, T&CM, Portfolio Management, Financial 
Planning and Analytics and Risk & Compliance. 
The committee met 10 times in 2020, five times in 2019 and six times in 2018. 
Tender and Bid Committee 
The Tender and Bid Committee's responsibilities include: 
 
approving and awarding contracts within its approved budget and authority; 
 
reviewing and recommending tender and bid policies and procedures, including the vendor 
selection process; 
 
ensuring the development of clear guidelines for bidders; 
 
ensuring that ethical practices are followed and recorded; and 
 
facilitating purchase decisions within its authority. 
The Tender and Bid Committee comprises the Senior Manager – Finance (as Chairman), the Manager – 
Risk & Compliance and the Manager - Procurement. 
The committee met 32 times in 2020, 52 times in 2019 and 49 times in 2018. 
COMPENSATION 
The aggregate remuneration (comprising benefits, fees and charges) of the members of APICORP's Board 
and its key management amounted to U.S.$3.7 million in 2020, U.S.$4.3 million in 2019 and U.S.$4.7 
million in 2018. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2020, APICORP had 127 full-time employees, compared to 123 at 31 December 2019 
and 118 at 31 December 2018. APICORP embraces diversity and there were 17 different nationalities 
among its employees as at 31 December 2020. 
APICORP is a performance-driven organisation and this is reflected in its reward philosophy which links 
performance to rewards. It aims to pay competitive rates of remuneration and seeks to match best pay 
practices in the GCC markets. It offers its employees a wide range of benefits, including housing and 
transportation allowances and annual air flight tickets to and from their countries of origin for employees 
and their families on a yearly basis. It also offers relocation packages, subscription allocations, readership 
programmes, premium health coverage, life insurance and different work life balance programmes. It pays 
employee-differentiated bonuses in accordance with performance scorecards, as well as paying above 
market average end of service benefits. It also provides a comprehensive training and development 
programme for all its employees. APICORP believes that its employees are its most important asset and 
focuses on ensuring optimal working conditions for its employees.

--- Page 151 ---
- 139 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes for its general corporate 
purposes, including for its general financing and refinancing requirements, or for any other purpose 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 152 ---
- 140 - 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries, the 
Relevant Jurisdictions or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following summary discusses the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only to: 
 
Notes purchased on original issuance at their "issue price" (as defined below); 
 
Notes held as capital assets; and 
 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an instrument as debt or equity is 
highly factual, and it is possible that Notes might be issued that might be classified as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 
"IRS") with respect to the classification of the Notes in general or with respect to any particular Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own advisors with respect to the proper classification of the Notes 
and the consequences of investing in any Notes that are not classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, including whether any such Notes might be considered to be interests in a passive foreign 
investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could have materially adverse 
consequences for U.S. taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a holder's 
particular circumstances or to Noteholders subject to special rules, such as: 
 
financial institutions; 
 
insurance companies; 
 
dealers in securities or currencies; 
 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, "straddle", conversion transaction or other 
integrated transaction; 
 
former citizens or residents of the United States; 
 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; or 
 
partnerships or entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended to the date hereof (the "Code"), 
administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, as of the day hereof, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus 
may affect the tax consequences described below. Persons considering the purchase of the Notes should 
consult their tax advisers with regard to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular 
situations (including the application of the alternative minimum tax, special tax accounting rules that apply 
to accrual basis taxpayers under Section 451(b) of the Code and the Medicare tax on net investment income) 
as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 153 ---
- 141 - 
This summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant 
limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Bearer 
Notes. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or 
the District of Columbia; 
 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; 
 
a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust; or 
A "Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of Notes that is not a U.S. Holder and is not an entity or 
arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S federal income tax purposes. 
If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds 
Notes, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner 
and upon the activities of the partnership. Partners of such entities or arrangements holding Notes should 
consult with their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or 
is received in accordance with the Holders of a Note's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). 
Interest income (including original issue discount, as discussed below) earned by a U.S. Holder with respect 
to a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant 
in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules regarding foreign tax credits are 
complex and prospective investors should consult their tax advisors about the application of such rules to 
them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect 
to original issue discount notes and foreign currency notes are described under "Taxation – United States 
Federal Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount", "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation 
– Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" and "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – 
Foreign Currency Notes". 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be considered 
to have been issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred 
to as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described 
below) or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" of a Note generally will be the first 
price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (which does not include sales to bond 
houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents 
or wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal the sum of all 
payments required to be made under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest". "Qualified 
stated interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at 
least annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note 
multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other 
things, stated interest on a "variable rate debt instrument" that is unconditionally payable (other than in debt 
instruments of the issuer) at least annually at a single qualified floating rate of interest or at a rate that is 
determined at a single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is 
a qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous 
fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated.

--- Page 154 ---
- 142 - 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number 
of complete years to maturity, the Note will not be considered to have original issue discount. An obligation 
that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an 
"instalment obligation") will be treated as issued with more than a de minimis discount if the excess of the 
Note's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25% of the Note's 
stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note's 
weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note 
(other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date 
until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment 
and the denominator of which is the Note's stated redemption price at maturity. U.S. Holders of Notes with 
a de minimis amount of original issue discount will include this original issue discount in income, as capital 
gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest payments 
in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
U.S. Holders of original issue discount Notes that mature more than one year from their date of issuance 
will be required to include original issue discount in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it accrues in 
accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash 
attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, market discount, de 
minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition 
premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding of interest, and may 
revoke such election only with the permission of the IRS (a "constant yield election"). 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as 
being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest. 
In general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. 
Holders, including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless 
another election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily 
compounding. In the case of a U.S. Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the 
discount in income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, 
according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or 
retirement. In addition, those U.S. Holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on 
indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued 
discount until the accrued discount is included in income. 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option 
to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be 
presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date 
and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption price 
at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the U.S. Holders have an 
unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, the 
yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the Note 
would be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new 
Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on 
that date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price 
of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments 
other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated 
redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its adjusted issue price, the

--- Page 155 ---
- 143 - 
amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless 
this difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain non-recognition transactions, as 
foreign source ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the 
payment or disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. 
Holder pursuant to an election by the U.S. Holder to include market discount in income as it accrues, or 
pursuant to a constant yield election by the U.S. Holder (as described under "Taxation – United States 
Federal Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount"). In addition, the U.S. Holder may be required to 
defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including certain non-taxable transactions), 
the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to 
purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "Taxation – United States Federal 
Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount") for a Note with market discount, such election will result in 
a deemed election for all market discount bonds acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the 
first taxable year to which such election applies. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price but 
less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments 
of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition premium. Under 
the acquisition premium rules, the amount of original issue discount that the U.S. Holder must include in 
its gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion of acquisition 
premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the amount payable at maturity, or on 
the earlier call date, in the case of a Note that is redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option, the U.S. Holder 
will be considered to have purchased the Note with amortisable bond premium equal in amount to the 
excess of the purchase price over the amount payable at maturity. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise 
this premium, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Note (where the Note is not 
optionally redeemable prior to its maturity date). If the Note may be optionally redeemed prior to maturity 
after the U.S. Holder has acquired it, the amount of amortisable bond premium is determined by substituting 
the call date for the maturity date and the call price for the amount payable at maturity only if the substitution 
results in a smaller amount of premium attributable to the period before the redemption date. A U.S. Holder 
who elects to amortise bond premium must reduce his tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium 
amortised in any year. An election to amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then 
owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "Taxation – United States Federal 
Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount") for a Note with amortisable bond premium, such election will 
result in a deemed election to amortise bond premium for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with 
amortisable bond premium. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's 
adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the 
acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount of OID and market discount included in the U.S. 
Holder's gross income and decreased by any bond premium or acquisition premium previously amortised 
and the amount of any payment received from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified stated interest. 
Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. Holder's foreign 
tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest on the Note. Amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest are treated as 
interest as described under "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Payments of Interest".

--- Page 156 ---
- 144 - 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will generally 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement 
the Note has been held for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any 
accrued market discount or, in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not 
previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "Taxation – United States Federal Income 
Taxation – Original Issue Discount" and "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Market 
Discount". In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of foreign currency Notes, 
and contingent payment debt instruments. See "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation –
Foreign Currency Notes" and "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Contingent Payment 
Debt Instruments". The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt instruments" for 
purposes of the original issue discount rules) they will be "contingent payment debt instruments" for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent payment debt 
instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder must 
account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the differences 
between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as described below. The 
comparable yield is determined by the relevant Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes. The comparable 
yield may be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. Solely for the 
purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a 
contingent payment debt instrument, we will be required to construct a "projected payment schedule" that 
represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the 
contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by us in determining interest accruals and adjustments in respect 
of an optionally exchangeable Note, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a 
different comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount 
of any contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Noteholder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does 
not exceed the excess of: 
 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt 
instrument, over 
 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on 
the contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous 
deductions when such deductions are once again available for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 
2026. Any net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to 
offset future interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount

--- Page 157 ---
- 145 - 
realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference 
between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions 
of interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining 
term and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to 
which it is allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's 
adjusted basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost 
of the Note, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, 
disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the amount of any non-
contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent payments previously made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent 
of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken 
into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital losses is subject 
to limitations. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right equal to 
the fair market value of the property, determined at the time of retirement. The U.S. Holder's holding period 
for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for payments, 
in a currency other than the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments"). Very 
generally, these instruments are accounted for like a contingent debt instrument, as described above, but in 
the currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments. The relevant amounts must then be 
translated into U.S. dollar equivalents. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Debt 
Instruments are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of such instruments. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder 
of the ownership and disposition of Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. 
dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the U.S. dollar 
("foreign currency Notes"). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other disposition of a foreign currency Note to be re-characterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules 
applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a 
U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined on the date the payment is received) 
regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and this U.S. dollar value 
will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. A cash method U.S. Holder who receives a 
payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. dollars pursuant to an option available under such Note will be 
required to include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount or market discount, but reduced by acquisition 
premium and amortisable bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise 
required to be taken into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. 
dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of 
exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the

--- Page 158 ---
- 146 - 
average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income 
or loss with respect to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of 
ordinary income or loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign 
currency payment received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period 
(or, where a U.S. Holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) 
and the U.S. dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined 
above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method taxpayer required to currently accrue 
original issue discount or market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial 
accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five 
business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder 
that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot 
change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign 
currency Note are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where the taxpayer elects to include 
market discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual 
period in the relevant foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the average rate 
in effect during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such accrued market 
discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current 
basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised 
on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised in the 
period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. Any 
exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. 
If the election is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note 
with amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a 
capital loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
U.S. Holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such 
foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the 
purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned 
foreign currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. dollar fair market value of the foreign 
currency Note on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to 
fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as interest 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference 
between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the 
date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of; and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Payments received 
attributable to accrued interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest 
on foreign currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognised only to 
the extent of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of the 
foreign currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to 
the residence of the U.S. Holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. Holder on whose books the 
Note is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign currency 
gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case 
of short-term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income. U.S. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of receiving payments 
in a currency different from the currency in which payments with respect to such Note accrue. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of 
a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of 
sale, exchange or retirement. A cash method taxpayer who buys or sells a foreign currency Note is required

--- Page 159 ---
- 147 - 
to translate units of foreign currency paid or received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date 
of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations 
between the trade date and the settlement date of the purchase or sale. An accrual method taxpayer may 
elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of foreign currency obligations, provided that the 
Notes are traded on an established securities market. This election cannot be changed without the consent 
of the IRS. Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency 
(including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary 
income or loss. 
Benchmark Amendments 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may in certain cases change the reference rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (such change, a "Benchmark 
Amendment"). It is possible that a Benchmark Amendment will be treated as a deemed exchange of old 
notes for new notes, which may be taxable to U.S. Holders, or may affect the calculation of OID. U.S. 
Holders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Benchmark 
Amendment. 
Recently released proposed Treasury regulations describe circumstances under which a Benchmark 
Amendment (or related adjustments to the interest rate on the Notes) would not be treated as a deemed 
exchange and would not affect the calculation of OID, provided certain conditions are met. It cannot be 
determined at this time whether the final Treasury regulations on this issue will contain the same standards 
as the proposed Treasury regulations. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
Subject to the backup withholding and FATCA rules described below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally should 
not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any payments on the Notes and gain from the 
sale, redemption or other disposition of the Notes unless: (i) that payment and/or gain is effectively 
connected with the conduct by that Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the U.S.; (ii) in the case of 
any gain realised on the sale or exchange of a Note by an individual Non-U.S. Holder, that holder is present 
in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, exchange or retirement and certain 
other conditions are met; or (iii) the Non-U.S. Holder is subject to tax pursuant to provisions of the Code 
applicable to certain expatriates. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain 
certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup withholding. The amount of any 
backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle them to a refund, provided that the required information 
is timely furnished to the IRS. Non-U.S. Holders may be required to comply with applicable certification 
procedures to establish that they are not U.S. Holders in order to avoid the application of such information 
reporting requirements and backup withholding. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear. A U.S. Holder may be required to 
treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds 
U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other 
U.S. Holders. In the event the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes constitutes participation in a 
"reportable transaction" for purposes of these rules, a U.S. Holder will be required to disclose its investment 
by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders that own "specified foreign financial assets" that meet certain U.S. dollar value 
thresholds generally are required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax

--- Page 160 ---
- 148 - 
returns. The Notes generally will constitute specified foreign financial assets subject to these reporting 
requirements unless the Notes are held in an account at certain financial institutions. U.S. Holders are urged 
to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these disclosure requirements to their ownership 
of the Notes. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon a U.S. Holder's particular situation. U.S. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws 
and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published 
generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including: (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 161 ---
- 149 - 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 406 of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and 
Section 4975 of the Code, prohibit certain transactions involving: (i)(a) "employee benefit plans" (as 
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that are subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) "plans" as defined in and subject 
to Section 4975 of the Code (together with (a), "Plans"), or (c) any entity whose underlying assets include, 
or are deemed to include under the U.S. Department of Labor regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "Plan Asset Regulation") "plan assets" by reason of such Plan's 
investment in the entity (each of (a), (b) or (c), a "Benefit Plan Investor"); and (ii) persons who have 
certain specified relationships to such Plans ("parties in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA and 
"disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code; collectively, "Parties in Interest"), unless an 
exemption is available. A violation of these "prohibited transaction" rules may result in the imposition of 
an excise tax, the rescission of the applicable transaction or other liabilities under ERISA and/or Section 
4975 of the Code for such persons, unless relief is available under an applicable statutory or administrative 
exemption. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code may apply depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to 
acquire a Note and the circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions 
are Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to purchase and sale of 
securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor its affiliate 
has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the 
assets of any Plan involved in the transaction (in other words, not a fiduciary) and provided further that 
the Plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the 
transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 95-60 (relating to investments by 
insurance company general accounts), PTCE 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment 
funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a "qualified professional asset manager"), PTCE 
90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating 
to transactions determined by an in-house asset manager). There can be no assurance that any of these class 
exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving 
the Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 
3(33) of ERISA), and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to federal, state or local, or non-U.S., 
laws or regulations which are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Law"). Fiduciaries of such plans should consult with their 
counsel before they purchase any of the Notes or any interest therein. 
Under ERISA and a regulation issued by the U.S. Department of Labor (29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the "Plan Asset Regulation"), when a Benefit Plan Investor acquires 
25 per cent. or more of the total value of any class of equity in an entity interests, the underlying assets 
owned by that entity will be treated as if they were plan assets of such Benefit Plan Investors, unless an 
exception applies. For purposes of this calculation, the value of any equity interests held by (i) persons, 
other than Benefit Plan Investors, that have discretionary authority or control over the assets of the entity, 
or that provide investment advice with respect to such assets for a fee, directly or indirectly, or (ii) 
"affiliates" within the meaning of paragraph 9(f)(3) of the Plan Asset Regulation of the foregoing (i) persons 
are excluded.  If the assets of the Issuer were deemed to be plan assets of a Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer 
would be subject to certain fiduciary obligations under ERISA, and certain transactions that the Issuer might 
enter into, or may have entered into, in the ordinary course of business might constitute or result in non-
exempt prohibited transactions under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
Although no assurance can be given, the Notes issued should not be considered "equity interests" for 
purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as indebtedness. 
Nevertheless, prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code may arise if any of the Notes are acquired by a Benefit Plan Investor with respect to which any of the 
Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers or any of their respective affiliates ("Transaction Parties") is considered 
a Party in Interest. Accordingly, each purchaser and transferee of any Note (or any interest therein) will be 
deemed to represent, warrant and agree that either: (a) it is not and for so long as it holds such Note (or any 
interest therein) will not be and will not be acting on behalf of, or with the assets of, a Benefit Plan Investor 
or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law; or (b) its acquisition, 
holding and disposition of such Note or of any interest therein, will not constitute or result in a non-exempt

--- Page 162 ---
- 150 - 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or, in the case of a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any Similar Law. Any purported purchase or transfer 
of such a Note (or any interest therein) that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void ab 
initio. 
Each purchaser or transferee of any Note or any interest in any Note that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be 
deemed to have represented by its acquisition that: (1) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or any fiduciary or other 
person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise has discretion or control over the 
investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on which either the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire any interest in the Notes; 
(2) none of the Transaction Parties is undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" within the meaning of Section 
3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in 
connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of any interest in the Notes; and (3) the Plan 
Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
This Base Prospectus is not directed to any particular purchaser, nor does it address the needs of any 
particular purchaser. None of the Transaction Parties shall provide any advice or recommendation with 
respect to the management of any purchase of Notes or the advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing or 
exchanging of any Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
- 151 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs International, 
HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Standard Chartered Bank 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (the "Dealers"). 
The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 15 July 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the 
Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", 
the addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue 
of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to Rule 144A, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that each Arranger, or any other Dealer, may directly or through its 
respective agents or affiliates arrange for the resale of Restricted Registered Notes in the United States only 
to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A who are also qualified purchasers as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act.

--- Page 164 ---
- 152 - 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would

--- Page 165 ---
- 153 - 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 166 ---
- 154 - 
(iii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly 
or indirectly, in or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FINSA") 
and no application has or will be made by it to admit any Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; (ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to 
FINSA; and (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Law Sultani Decree 80/98, as 
amended ("Article 3"), will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman (as 
contemplated by the Oman Commercial Companies Law) or Article 3, nor does it constitute a 
sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman 
(CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(ii) 
the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to subscribe 
for or to purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document 
or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Oman to any person in Oman other than 
by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to market non-Omani 
securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including 
Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as 
amended). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority (the "CMA") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017 (as 
amended, the "KSA Regulations"), made through an authorised person licensed to carry out arranging 
activities by the CMA in accordance with the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to sophisticated investors under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 10 of, or as otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any 
offer of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made in 
compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not

--- Page 167 ---
- 155 - 
offer or sell any Notes except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are 
"accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(i) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence); 
(ii) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(iii) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the 
United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme to any person in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(i) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority rulebook (the "DFSA Rulebook"); and 
(ii) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warrant and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus (a) has not been and will not 
be registered or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (b) is intended for the original recipient only and 
must not be provided to any other person; and (c) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"))

--- Page 168 ---
- 156 - 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each terms as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold Notes, and that it will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than: (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes which are or are intended to

--- Page 169 ---
- 157 - 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has 
offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 170 ---
- 158 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes or Unrestricted Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to 
Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the 
distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(i) 
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S); and 
(b) 
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii) 
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), 
it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except: 
(a) 
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
in the case of Unrestricted Registered Notes only, in accordance with Rule 144A to a 
person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB who is also 
a QP purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB who is also a QP, 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
(iii) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Notes represented by an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate may be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate only upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 15 
(Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP, in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States. 
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate may also be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, but 
only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in 
Schedule 15 (Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is 
being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A (if available) under the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate 
will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate 
and become an interest in a Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will 
thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to Notes represented by a 
Restricted Global Note Certificate. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Registered Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows (terms used in the 
following paragraphs that are defined in Rule 144A have the respective meanings given to them in Rule 
144A):

--- Page 171 ---
- 159 - 
(i) 
the purchaser is: (a) a QIB who is also a QP; (b) acquiring the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs; (c) not formed for the purpose of investing in the 
Notes or the Issuer; and (d) is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised 
that the sale of the Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
the purchaser understands that: (a) the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except: (1) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably 
believes is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more 
QIBs who are also QPs; (2) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act; (3) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (if available); (4) pursuant to an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act; or (5) to the Issuer or any of its affiliates, in each 
case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; and (b) it 
will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Registered Notes is required to, notify any 
purchaser of the Restricted Registered Notes from it of the resale restrictions applicable to the 
Restricted Registered Notes; 
(iii) 
the purchaser understands that the Restricted Global Note Certificate and any restricted Individual 
Note Certificate (a "Restricted Individual Note Certificate") will bear a legend to the following 
effect, unless the relevant Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law: 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED 
STATES. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND ONLY: (1) PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A WHO IS 
ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE U.S. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHO IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER WHOM THE 
HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS PROVIDED 
BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4) TO THE ISSUER 
OR ITS AFFILIATES. 
(iv) 
if it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs the purchaser 
represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has 
full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of 
each such account; and 
(v) 
the purchaser understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note Certificate or a Restricted 
Individual Note Certificate, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver only 
a Restricted Global Note Certificate or one or more Restricted Individual Note Certificates that bear such 
legend or will refuse to remove such legend, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such 
satisfactory evidence (which may include a legal opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that 
neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with 
the provisions of the Securities Act.

--- Page 172 ---
- 160 - 
Any interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the 
form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in 
a Restricted Global Note Certificate and become an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate and, 
accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an 
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate. 
Prospective purchasers that are QIBs who are also QPs are hereby notified that sellers of the 
Restricted Registered Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 173 ---
- 161 - 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmarks Register? 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes, European Money Markets Institute 
is authorised under Article 34 of the 
Benchmark Regulation 
SHIBOR 
The National Interbank Funding Center 
No 
HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
CNH HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR 
Banks Association of Turkey 
No 
SIBOR 
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co 
Pte Ltd 
Yes, ABS Benchmarks Administration 
Co Pte Ltd has equivalence under Article 
30 of the Benchmark Regulation 
EIBOR 
UAE Central Bank 
No 
TIBOR 
JBA TIBOR Administration 
No 
SAIBOR 
Saudi Arabia Monetary Authority 
No 
BBSW 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Yes, ASX Benchmarks Limited has 
equivalence under Article 30 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation 
PRIBOR 
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility 
s.r.o. 
Yes, 
Czech 
Financial 
Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o. is authorised under Article 
34 of the Benchmark Regulation 
SOFR 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
No 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SHIBOR, HIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR 
or TRYLIBOR, EIBOR, TIBOR, SAIBOR and SOFR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, EIBOR does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
The National Interbank Funding Center, Treasury Markets Association, Banks Association of Turkey, 
Association of Banks in Singapore, JBA TIBOR Administration, Saudi Arabia Monetary Authority The 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 174 ---
- 162 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 14 April 2018 and 27 February 2021, respectively. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain 
from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Tranche of Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, 
subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such 
Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official 
List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
4. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer 
or of the Group and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of 
the Group, in each case, since 31 December 2020. 
5. 
Auditors 
The 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements have been audited without 
qualification by KPMG Fakhro. KPMG Fakhro conducted its audits in respect of the 2020 
Financial Statements and 2019 Financial Statements in accordance with the International Standards 
on Auditing issued by the International Federation of Accountants through the International 
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. KPMG Fakhro consents to the incorporation by 
reference in this Base Prospectus of its reports dated 28 February 2021 (relating to the financial 
statements of the Issuer appearing in the 2020 Financial Statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020) and dated 23 February 2020 (relating to the financial statements of the Issuer 
appearing in the 2019 Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019). The business 
address of KPMG Fakhro is Fakhro Tower, 12th Floor, P.O. Box 710, Manama, Kingdom of 
Bahrain. KPMG Fakhro is registered with the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism in 
Bahrain. Some of the professionals of KPMG Fakhro are members in the Bahrain Accountants 
Association and/or international other professional bodies. 
6. 
Documents on Display 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents (together with English translations thereof where the documents in question are not in 
English) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent in London or at https://www.apicorp.org: 
(a) 
the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the Establishing Agreement;

--- Page 175 ---
- 163 - 
(c) 
the Issuer's registration certificate number 2050003977 dated 5/11/1396H (corresponding 
to 29 October 1976); 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses or information memoranda and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the above-mentioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
code (as applicable) and/or the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures (CUSIP) 
Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
8. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
9. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800A54KIUYH5YD185. 
10. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.apicorp.org/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
11. 
Validity of this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
12. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
(and its affiliates) in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial

--- Page 176 ---
- 164 - 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or its affiliates (including the Notes). Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or its 
affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. See also "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 177 ---
THE ISSUER 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
Head Office Building 
Dammam Coastal Road 
Al Rakkah 
P.O. Box 9599 
31423 Dammam 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg

--- Page 178 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to United States law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor, Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to United States law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman Building 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Fakhro 
Fakhro Tower 
12th Floor 
P.O. Box 710 
Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland