--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 December 2020. 
Base Prospectus 
Arcade Finance p.l.c. 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Ireland with registered number 435310) 
 
€40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes 
 
It is intended that Arcade Finance p.l.c. (the “Issuer”) from time to time may issue notes (“Notes”) under the 
programme for the issue of Notes described herein (the “Programme”), subject to compliance with relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any 
member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period 
of twelve months from the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes 
issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market.  No assurance can be given that such 
applications will be successful. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). 
In addition, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on 
any market, in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as may be completed by issue terms (the “Issue 
Terms”) entered into in connection therewith. Issue Terms may or may not comprise final terms (“Final Terms”) for 
the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation. Notes may also be issued under the Programme on 
terms set out in a separate prospectus or offering memorandum (each a “Series Offering Document”) relating to 
such Notes which incorporates by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer will not issue 
any Notes having a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any currency) under the 
Programme, unless such Notes (i) are not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Offer”), and (ii) are not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and are not admitted to trading on its regulated market or on any other regulated market in the EEA.   
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor

--- Page 2 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 December 2020. 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A form of Final Terms is set out herein for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation.  However, 
Issue Terms for the Notes, other than Notes which are subject to an Exempt Offer and which are not listed, shall be 
set out in the relevant Series Offering Document.  Issue Terms for the Notes which are subject to an Exempt Offer 
and which are not listed shall not be final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and may or may not 
be in the form set out herein.  References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and have 
been admitted to the Official List.  
Any Series Offering Document may constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
relevant implementing measures in Ireland and, in any such case, such fact will be stated in the relevant Series 
Offering Document.  Any Series Offering Document which does not constitute a prospectus for such purposes may, 
following its initial issue and the issue of the Notes to which it relates, be restated and as so restated may constitute 
a prospectus for such purposes.  Any reference to the Issue Terms of any Series of Notes shall, where a Series 
Offering Document is issued in connection with such Series, be deemed to be a reference to the terms and conditions 
of such Series as set out in such Series Offering Document. 
Copies of each Series Offering Document will be available at the specified office set out below of the Issuer.  In 
addition, a copy of each Series Offering Document in respect of a Series of Notes admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or the subject of a public offer within the EEA or in the UK will be filed with 
the Central Bank. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR.  
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the EMMI has been authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") and appears on the public register of benchmarks 
administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
LIBOR is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). At the date of this Prospectus, ICE appears 
on the register of benchmarks administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.  
The obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Notes will be secured by, inter alia, security interests in favour of 
the Trustee over the relevant Series Secured Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)) as more particularly specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the security for a Series of Notes are insufficient 
to meet in full the claims of all relevant secured parties (in accordance with the relevant order of priorities), none of 
the other assets of the Issuer (if any) will be available to meet the insufficiency and any outstanding liability of the 
Issuer shall be extinguished upon such enforcement regardless of any such insufficiency. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable 
to the Notes, without the Issuer being obliged to pay further amounts as a consequence. 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
other entity. In particular, the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, any Agent (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein), the Portfolio Manager or the Trustee.  
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Notes may be issued in definitive form or may be held 
and cleared through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
(“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme of 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank NV

--- Page 3 ---
1 
INTRODUCTION 
Information in relation to the Issuer is set out on pages 31 to 33 of this Base Prospectus. The terms of 
each Series of Notes of the Issuer (and related information) will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which should be read together with this Base Prospectus.  This Base Prospectus should be read and 
construed in conjunction with each relevant Issue Terms and all other documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and in the relevant Issue Terms.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  None of the 
Trustee, Agents, Arranger, Dealers or Portfolio Manager accepts any responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issue Terms relating to a Series will (if applicable) contain information relating to any underlying 
equity security, index, commodity, currency, debt security or other item(s) (each a “Reference Item”) 
to which the relevant Notes relate and which is contained in such Issue Terms. However, unless 
otherwise expressly stated in an Issue Terms, any information contained therein relating to a 
Reference Item will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, information contained in financial 
and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such 
Reference Item. The Issuer will, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Issue Terms, 
confirm that such extracts or summaries have been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the 
case may be, of such Reference Item, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus or any documents incorporated by reference herein in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer at any time. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. The Dealers 
accept no liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus (and any other information supplied in connection with the Notes) is not 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Notes, should purchase any of the Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and of the tax, accounting and legal consequences of an investment in any of the 
Notes for such investor. Each prospective purchaser of any of the Notes, in connection with their 
primary distribution or otherwise, shall have such knowledge and experience in financial and

--- Page 4 ---
2 
business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits, risks and suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form 
that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain further 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The information set forth herein, to the extent that it comprises a description of certain provisions of 
the documentation relating to the transactions described herein, is a summary and is not presented as 
a full statement of the provisions of such documentation. Such summaries are qualified by reference 
to and are subject to the provisions of such documentation.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” 
and “EUR” are to the Euro and “U.S.$” and “USD” are to U.S. dollars. 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Issue Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Series of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Series of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 5 ---
ٱ 
 
 
3
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Introduction .......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 4 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 11 
Incorporation by Reference .............................................................................................................................. 29 
Supplementary Information ............................................................................................................................. 30 
The Issuer ............................................................................................................................................................ 31 
Portfolio Management, Administration and Custody Arrangements ....................................................... 34 
Hedging Arrangements .................................................................................................................................... 36 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................ 39 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................ 140 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................. 153 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form ....................................................... 164 
Subscription and sale ...................................................................................................................................... 169 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 172

--- Page 6 ---
ٱ 
 
 
4
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
 
The following overview of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, with respect to each Series of Notes, by the relevant Issue Terms. The Notes may be 
issued on such terms as may be agreed between the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer and, unless 
specified to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms, will be subject to the Terms and Conditions set 
out below. The relevant Issue Terms will contain all relevant information concerning the Issuer and 
the Series of Notes to which it relates which does not appear in this Base Prospectus (as it may be 
supplemented from time to time – see “Supplementary Information” above). 
 
Issuer 
Arcade Finance p.l.c.  The principal business activity of the 
Issuer is the issue of Series of Notes under the Programme and 
matters incidental and ancillary thereto.  The authorised share 
capital of the Issuer is EUR40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary 
shares of EUR1 each, all of which have been issued at par, are 
fully paid and are held, directly or through its nominees, by 
QSV Trustees Limited (in such capacity, the “Share Trustee”) 
under the terms of a trust established under Irish law by a deed 
of retirement of trustee and appointment of new trustee dated 
17 November 2016 and made by the Share Trustee for the 
benefit of such charities as the Share Trustee may determine 
from time to time at its discretion. The Share Trustee has no 
beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than its fees 
for acting as trustee from holding such shares.  The Issuer has 
no employees and has four non-executive directors – see further 
“The Issuer” below.   
The Programme 
The Programme creates a framework under which the Issuer 
may issue Series of Notes from time to time.  The proceeds of 
issue of each Series of Notes will be used by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in acquiring the Series Collateral (as defined in Condition 
4(a)) specified in the relevant Issue Terms and forming part of 
the Series Secured Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)) on the 
date of issue of such Series and/or in making payments to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap 
Agreement (if any). 
Arranger 
KBC Bank NV acts as arranger in respect of the Programme. 
Dealers 
KBC Bank NV and any other Dealer appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer. 
 
The name(s) of the Dealer(s) for each Series will be stated in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Trustee 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acts as trustee 
(the “Trustee”) for the holders of the Notes pursuant to a 
master trust deed originally dated 28 March 2007 and most 
recently amended and restated on 11 March 2011 and most

--- Page 7 ---
ٱ 
 
 
5
 
recently supplemented on 18 December 2020. 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acts as principal 
paying agent and registrar on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to  a master agency agreement dated 28 
March 2007 as amended and restated from time to time and as 
most recently amended and restated on 18 December 2017 (the 
“Agency Agreement”). 
Listing Agent 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited. 
Portfolio Manager 
KBC Asset Management NV acts as portfolio manager (the 
“Portfolio Manager”) pursuant to a portfolio management 
agreement entered into on 28 March 2008 as most recently 
amended and restated on 18 December 2017 (the “Portfolio 
Management Agreement”). 
Administration Agent 
KBC Asset Management NV acts as administration agent on 
behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in the currency of any country 
as may be agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) on a 
case by case basis. 
Security 
Pursuant to the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the Series 
Pledge Agreement (as defined in Condition 4(a)) relating to the 
relevant Series, the Notes of a Series shall be secured by security 
interests in favour of the Trustee over the Issuer’s assets and 
property relating to such Series.  Such security interests may 
include security interests over the relevant Series Collateral (as 
defined in Condition 4(a)), the cash standing to the credit of the 
relevant Series Cash Account (as defined in Condition 4(a)) and 
the Issuer’s rights under the relevant Series Documents (other 
than the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and Series Pledge 
Agreement).  No security created by the Issuer in respect of any 
Series of Notes shall benefit holders of any other Series of Notes 
issued by it. 
Limited Recourse 
Claims in respect of any shortfall remaining with respect to any 
Series of Notes of the Issuer after enforcement of the relevant 
Series Security (as defined in Condition 4(a)) and application of 
the proceeds thereof in accordance with the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed and the Conditions shall be 
extinguished and failure by the Issuer to make any payment in 
respect of any such shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14) under the 
Notes of any other Series. 
There is no intention to accumulate surpluses in the Issuer. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”) 
or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). Each Series of 
Bearer Notes will be represented by a temporary global note 
(each a “Temporary Global Note”) initially, unless the

--- Page 8 ---
ٱ 
 
 
6
 
Principal Paying Agent is notified to the contrary by the Issuer. 
Such Temporary Global Notes will be deposited in the case of a 
Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the issue date with a common 
depositary 
on 
behalf 
of 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Temporary Global Notes representing Notes 
which are not listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or which are in 
respect of a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
delivered outside a clearing system, may be deposited in the 
manner agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant Dealer(s). No interest will be payable in respect 
of a Temporary Global Note except as described under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in permanent global notes (each a “Permanent Global 
Note”) or, if so stated in the relevant Issue Terms, for definitive 
notes (each a “Definitive Note”) in bearer or registered form, as 
set out in the relevant Issue Terms, in the case of Notes in 
bearer form after the date falling 40 days after the issue date 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests 
in Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in bearer form or registered form in the circumstances 
described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”. 
 
Each Series of Notes in registered form may be represented (i) 
by one or more Global Certificates in registered form without 
Coupons, deposited on the Issue Date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) by Individual Certificates, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. Global Certificates will be exchangeable for Individual 
Certificates in the limited circumstances set out therein. See 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to Notes while in Global Form”. 
References to “Noteholder” mean the bearer of any Bearer Note 
and the Coupons relating to it or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and to 
“holder” (in relation to a Note or Coupon) means the bearer of 
any Bearer Note, Coupon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be). 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms subject to a minimum denomination of (i) 
in the case of an offer which requires the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or where a listing 
is required, €100,000 (or its equivalent in any currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) in every other case, 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes). 
Maturities 
Subject as set out below and in compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, the Notes issued pursuant to 
the Programme will have a minimum maturity of one year and

--- Page 9 ---
ٱ 
 
 
7
 
may also be issued with no fixed maturity and in perpetual 
form.  
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their principal amount. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a “Series” 
or “Series of Notes”). Further Notes may be issued as part of an 
existing Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and at maturity. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
either: 
(i) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or  
(ii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s),  
as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and will be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
Index Linked Notes 
Payments of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be made by reference to a single index or a basket of 
indices and/or such formula as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms).  
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption 
Notes will be calculated by reference to a single index or a 
basket of indices. Each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
lowest Specified Denomination specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will be redeemed by payment of the Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so 
specified, as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
If an Index Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes as more fully set out under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”. 
Equity Linked Notes 
Payments of interest in respect of Equity Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to a single equity security or 
basket of equity securities on such terms as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
Payments of principal in respect of Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes will be calculated by reference to a single equity security 
or a basket of equity securities. Each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the lowest Specified Denomination specified in the

--- Page 10 ---
ٱ 
 
 
8
 
applicable Issue Terms will be redeemed by payment of the 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if not so specified, as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. Equity Linked Redemption Notes may also provide 
that redemption will be by physical delivery of a given number 
of Reference Item(s). 
If Potential Adjustment Events and/or De-listing and/or 
Merger Event and/or Nationalisation and/or Insolvency 
and/or Tender Offer are specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Notes may be subject to adjustment or, if De-
listing and/or Merger Event and/or Nationalisation and/or 
Insolvency and/or Tender Offer are specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, redeemed, all as more fully set out 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Additional Disruption Events (Index 
Linked Notes and Equity Linked 
Notes only) 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Notes will be subject to adjustment 
or may be redeemed upon the occurrence of any of the 
Additional Disruption Events specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates 
of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Notes with respect to which payment of principal and/or 
interest is linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities will 
be Credit Linked Notes and will be issued on such terms as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms (see also Condition 12). 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Notice 
Delivery Period, the Issuer will redeem the Notes at the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount, if Cash Settlement is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or by delivery of the Asset Amount, 
if Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as 
more fully set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Currency Linked Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and/or 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Currency 
Linked Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and/or 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Commodity 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to a single 
commodity or basket of commodities on such terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated 
in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Redemption Amounts 
The applicable Issue Terms relating to each Series of Notes will

--- Page 11 ---
ٱ 
 
 
9
 
indicate either that the Notes of such Series cannot be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments (see below), if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default or on an illegality or as a 
consequence of the early termination of the related Swap 
Agreement (if any) or as a consequence of the acceleration or 
default of the relevant Series Collateral or, in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, following an Index Adjustment Event, or, in the 
case of Equity Linked Notes and if so specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, following a De-listing and/or 
Merger Event and/or Nationalisation and/or Insolvency 
and/or Tender Offer, or, in the case of Index Linked Notes or 
Equity Linked Notes and if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following an Additional Disruption Event or, in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes and if so specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, following a Merger Event) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer 
Call”) and/or the Noteholders (“Investor Put”) upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or 
such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
The applicable Issue Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on 
such dates as are indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Other Notes 
Issue Terms applicable to any other type of Note which the 
Issuer and any Dealer or Dealers may agree to issue will be set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Taxation 
If Condition 22(a) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed within Ireland subject as provided in Condition 22(a). 
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
If Condition 22(b) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise 
obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any 
Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject 
to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
Status of Notes 
Notes of a Series may be issued as senior ranking notes of such 
Series (“Senior Notes”), mezzanine ranking notes of such 
Series, which may be divided into eight sub-classes of Notes – 
see further Condition 3 (together “Mezzanine Notes”) or 
subordinate ranking Notes of such Series (“Subordinated 
Notes”). The Notes and the Coupons of each Series will be 
secured obligations of the Issuer and, if specified in the relevant

--- Page 12 ---
ٱ 
 
 
10
 
Issue Terms as Senior Notes, rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and senior to the 
Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (if any) of the 
relevant Series.  If Notes are specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as Mezzanine Notes of a particular class, they will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and senior 
to any lower ranking classes of Mezzanine Notes of such Series 
and the Subordinated Notes of such Series (if any) but 
subordinate to any higher ranking classes of Mezzanine Notes 
of such Series and the Senior Notes of such Series.  If Notes are 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as Subordinated Notes, 
they will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and subordinate to the Senior Notes and the 
Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Series. The Notes of each 
Series represent limited recourse obligations of the Issuer.  
Recourse in respect of any Series of Notes will be limited to the 
Series Secured Assets relating to that Series.  Claims of 
Noteholders of a Series and, if applicable, any Swap 
Counterparty to any related Swap Agreement shall rank in 
accordance with the priorities specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes of any Series remain outstanding, 
the Issuer will not, without the consent of the Trustee, or except 
as contemplated by the Conditions and the Programme 
Documents, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, engage in any business, declare any dividends, have 
any employees or have any subsidiaries. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Restrictions”. 
Cross Default 
The Conditions of each Series of Notes will not contain any 
cross default provision. 
Listing 
Notes of a Series may be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Further, the 
relevant Issue Terms may specify that a Series of Notes may not 
be listed on any stock exchange, or may be listed on one or 
more stock exchanges other than Euronext Dublin and/or may 
be admitted to trading on one or more markets other than the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or may not be admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Governing Law 
The Notes of each Series (including the Global Notes and the 
Global Certificates) and the Coupons shall be governed by Irish 
law.

--- Page 13 ---
ٱ 
 
 
11
 
RISK FACTORS 
General 
 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer 
becoming insolvent or otherwise unable to make all payments due with respect to the Notes. The Issuer believes 
that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
 
The purchase of Notes involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure 
to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition 
and investment objectives, all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus as supplemented from time to 
time. 
 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views , based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
 
The following is a summary and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all of the risks and 
investment considerations relevant to an investment in any Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes must 
determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a 
fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes 
as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is 
acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. In particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor 
should therefore consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. The following investment considerations, alone or collectively, may reduce 
the return on the Notes and could result in the loss of all or a portion of a Noteholder’s investment in the Notes. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of all such 
matters and such other matters as the prospective purchaser deems appropriate, in determining whether to 
purchase Notes and that an investment in the Notes is suitable for its investment purposes. 
 
CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks relating to the Series Secured Assets 
2. 
Risks relating to the conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Risks relating to the security granted by the Issuer 
4. 
Risks relating to particular Series of Notes 
5. 
Risks relating to the Euro and Eurozone 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER

--- Page 14 ---
ٱ 
 
 
12
 
6. 
Political, economic and legal risks 
7. 
Risks relating to third party service providers to the Issuer 
8. 
Regulatory risks applicable to the Issuer 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the Series Secured Assets 
The impact of the economic environment on the Series Secured Assets 
Noteholders may be exposed to the market price of the relevant Series Secured Assets on which the 
relevant Notes are secured. The Issuer may have to fund its payments in respect of a Series of Notes 
by the sale of the relevant Series Secured Assets at a market value and the nominal amount of the 
Series Secured Assets will be reduced by the principal amount of the Series Secured Assets sold. The 
market price of the Series Secured Assets will generally fluctuate with, among other things, the 
liquidity and volatility of the financial markets, general economic conditions, changes in prevailing 
interest rates, domestic and international political events, developments or trends in a particular 
industry and the financial condition of the issuer or obligor of the Series Secured Assets. The Dealers 
may have acquired, or during the terms of the relevant Series of Notes may acquire, confidential 
information with respect to any relevant Series Secured Assets and, if so, they shall not be under any 
duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder of the relevant Series. 
In the event that the extreme volatility and disruption experienced by international and domestic 
markets in recent months due to the COVID-19 pandemic continue in the future, the liquidity and 
ability of the Issuer to fund its payments in respect of a Series of Notes by the sale of the relevant 
Series Secured Assets at a market value may be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could 
have an adverse affect on the return on the Notes. 
Market Crisis and Governmental Intervention 
The global financial markets have recently undergone pervasive and fundamental disruptions as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic which have led to (and are likely to lead to further) extensive and 
unprecedented governmental intervention.  Such intervention was in certain cases implemented on 
an "emergency" basis without much or any notice with the consequence that some market 
participants’ ability to continue to implement certain strategies or manage the risk of their 
outstanding positions has been suddenly and/or substantially eliminated. Given the complexities of 
the global financial markets and the limited time frame within which governments are able to take 
action, these interventions are sometimes unclear in scope and application, resulting in confusion and 
uncertainty which in itself has been materially detrimental to the efficient functioning of such markets 
as well as previously successful investment strategies.  
It is impossible to predict with certainty what additional interim or permanent governmental 
restrictions may be imposed on the markets. However, as the global financial markets continue to be 
subject to increased regulation, such increased regulation could have a material effect on the 
performance of the Notes. 
Default and Concentration Risk 
The risk that payments on any Series of Notes could be adversely affected by defaults on the Series 
Secured Assets for such Series of Notes is likely to be increased to the extent that the relevant Series 
Secured Assets are concentrated in any one industry, region or country as a result of the increased 
potential for correlated defaults in respect of a single industry, region or country as a result of 
downturns relating generally to such industry, region or country. To the extent that a default occurs 
with respect to any security comprised in the Series Secured Assets and the Issuer sells or otherwise 
disposes of such security, it is not likely that the proceeds of such sale or disposition will be equal to

--- Page 15 ---
ٱ 
 
 
13
 
the full amount of principal and interest thereon. Should increases in default rates occur with respect 
to the types of collateral comprised in any Series Secured Assets, the actual default rates of such 
collateral may exceed any hypothetical default rates assumed by investors in determining whether to 
purchase Notes of the relevant Series and accordingly lead to a return that is less than anticipated. 
Custody Arrangements 
In circumstances where a charge under Irish law is expressed to be taken over Series Secured Assets 
and the relevant Series Secured Assets are held by or through the Custodian through a clearing 
system or where the Series Secured Assets are held outside Ireland, any security over such Series 
Secured Assets may take the form of an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights against 
the Custodian under the Agency Agreement to the extent that such rights relate to the relevant Series 
Secured Assets, rather than a charge over the relevant Series Secured Assets themselves. 
Where Series Secured Assets are held by a sub-custodian on behalf of the Custodian, such Series 
Secured Assets will be held pursuant to separate agreements which may vary in relation to any 
particular Custodian and/or sub-custodian and which may not be governed by Irish law and security 
interests (if any) in respect of such Series Secured Assets may be created pursuant to separate 
agreements which may not be governed by Irish law. The Custodian will not necessarily be 
responsible for the acts, omissions, insolvency or dissolution of a sub-custodian. However, where no 
security is taken over these separate arrangements or over the relevant Series Secured Assets 
themselves, the insolvency or dissolution of the Custodian or the sub-custodian may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
2. 
Risks relating to the conditions of the Notes 
Limited Recourse 
The Notes of each Series will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer secured on the Series 
Secured Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)) and will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or 
guaranteed by, any other person or entity. The Issuer is a special purpose company established, inter 
alia, for the purpose of issuing Notes under the Programme. The holders of the Notes and Coupons of 
any Series shall have no recourse to the Issuer beyond the moneys derived by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the relevant Series Secured Assets. Any shortfall on realisation of the relevant 
Series Security (as defined in Condition 4(a)) shall be borne by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of that Series.  
 
Further, the Trustee and the Noteholders will not be entitled at any time to petition or take any other 
step for the winding-up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer. No person other than the 
Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes.  
 
Early Redemption for Tax or Legal Reasons 
The Issuer may for specified tax or legal reasons, as detailed in Condition 7(b), (c) and (h) or as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (as defined under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” below), upon giving notice to Noteholders, redeem all Notes of a Series earlier than the 
Maturity Date, which may have an adverse impact on the return on the Notes given that the Issuer 
may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. Early redemption features 
are also likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  
 
No Tax Gross-Up on Certain Issues of Notes 
 
If Condition 22(b) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall not be liable 
for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a

--- Page 16 ---
ٱ 
 
 
14
 
result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any 
Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
 
Subordination and Priority of Payments 
 
In the event that the Issuer in the future offers any Notes that are subordinated to other Notes issued 
under the Programme i.e. any category of mezzanine and/or subordinated Notes, should be aware 
that there is an increased risk that there will be insufficient funds to meet all of the Issuer’s liabilities 
with respect to such Notes. The validity and enforceability of certain provisions in contractual 
priorities of payments which purport to alter the priority in which a particular secured creditor is 
paid as a result of the occurrence of one or more specified trigger events, including the insolvency of 
such creditor ("Flip Clauses"), have been challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts on the 
basis that the operation of a Flip Clause as a result of such creditor's insolvency breaches the "anti-
deprivation" principles of English and U.S. insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from 
agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency.  
Whereas the English courts have upheld the validity of a Flip Clause, the U.S. courts have held that 
such a provision is unenforceable under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Flip Clause examined in the 
English and American courts is similar in substance to the provisions in the priorities of payments in 
the Conditions, in particular with respect to "Swap Subordinated Amounts".  Flip Clauses have not 
been considered by the Irish courts and there is uncertainty as to whether the Irish courts would 
uphold the enforceability of a Flip Clause or give any effect to any New York court or English court 
judgement in relation to a Flip Clause. Given the conditions of the Notes incorporate contractual 
priorities of payments, the Issuer cannot guarantee that such provisions would be upheld by an Irish 
court. Any failure by an Irish court to do so may have an adverse effect on the return on the Notes. 
 
Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders 
(but shall not be obliged to), agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of 
the Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (each as defined in the Master 
Trust Deed (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) shall not be treated as such or (iii) 
the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer. The 
consequences of any such determinations by a defined majority of the Noteholders and/or the 
Trustee could adversely affect the market value of the Notes and/or the return on the Notes, which 
could have adverse consequences for all Noteholders, including those who did not approve the 
relevant determination. 
 
3. 
Risks relating to the security granted by the Issuer 
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency or examinership of an Irish company such as the Issuer when 
applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which have been realised in the course of a 
liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority 
over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the 
remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which includes

--- Page 17 ---
ٱ 
 
 
15
 
any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his 
appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts. 
The interest of secured creditors in property and assets of an Irish company over which there is a 
floating charge only will rank behind the claims of certain preferential creditors on enforcement of 
such security. Preferential creditors include the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, statutory 
redundancy payments due to employees (including where those employees have been made 
redundant as a result of the liquidation of the borrower) and money due to be paid by the Irish 
company in respect of employers contributions under any pension scheme. 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would 
include the Issuer) may be required by the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, by notice in writing 
from the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the 
holder received in payment of debts due to it by the company. Where the holder of the security has 
given notice to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland of the creation of the security within 21 days of 
its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of 
the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the issuance of the 
Revenue Commissioners of Ireland’s notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Revenue Commissioners of Ireland may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident 
company by another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of 
outstanding tax whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope 
of this right of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland has not yet been considered by the Irish courts 
and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in 
question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of an Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a 
person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made 
by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
 
Fixed/Floating Security 
Under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, it must be expressed to be such and 
the charge holder must be entitled to and must in practice exercise the requisite level of control over 
the assets purported to be charged and the proceeds of such assets including any bank account into 
which such proceeds are paid.  A security interest expressed to be of a fixed nature may be 
recharacterised as floating by an Irish court if the court determines that all of the above features are 
not present throughout the life of the arrangements. 
Although certain of the security to be granted by the Issuer over Series Secured Assets in favour of the 
Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or Series Pledge Agreement (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below) may be expressed to be of a fixed nature, there can be no assurance that 
a court would not nevertheless recharacterise such security as floating.  The priority of the holder of 
floating security is more vulnerable than that of the holder of fixed security in certain circumstances.  
See further "Preferred creditors under Irish law" above. Should the security with respect to the Notes be 
so categorised as floating security, it would be subject to the claims of certain “preferred creditors” 
and accordingly, in the event such security is enforced, the amount available to meet outstanding 
obligations under the Notes may be reduced. 
 
4. 
Risks Relating to Particular Series of Notes 
The Notes may not be a Suitable Investment for all Investors  
 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 18 ---
ٱ 
 
 
16
 
(i)  
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all the information 
contained in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(ii)  
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii)  
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal and/or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;  
(iv)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v)  
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.  
In addition, an investment in the Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes (each as defined below) or other Notes linked to 
one or more Reference Item(s), may entail significant risks not associated with investments in a 
conventional debt security, including but not limited to, the risks set out below.  
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
Wide Range of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain 
such features. Potential purchasers of Notes should be aware that the range of Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme is such that the following statements are not exhaustive with respect to 
the types of Notes that may be issued under the Programme and any particular Series of Notes may 
have additional risks associated with it that are not described below. 
Notes Subject to Optional Redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.  
In respect of Notes which are conventional debt securities, the Issuer may be expected to redeem such 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a

--- Page 19 ---
ٱ 
 
 
17
 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.  
Dual Currency Notes  
Dual Currency Notes may be redeemable by payment of either the par value amount or an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the Reference Item(s), which may be less than the par value 
amount. Interest payable on Dual Currency Notes may be calculated by reference to the value of one 
or more Reference Item(s).  
Equity Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal (“Equity Linked Redemption Notes”) 
and/or interest (“Equity Linked Interest Notes”) payable is dependent upon the price of or changes 
in the price of an equity security or a basket of equity securities or where, depending on the price of 
or change in the price of an equity security or a basket of equity securities, on redemption the Issuer’s 
obligation is to deliver specified assets (together “Equity Linked Notes”).  
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, movements in the price of the 
equity security or basket of equity securities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of the equity security or equity securities may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of 
the equity security or equity securities, the greater the effect on yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the 
equity security or equity securities on principal and/or interest payable will be magnified.  
If Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) has occurred at any relevant time. Any such determination may have an effect on the timing of 
valuation and consequently the value of the Notes and/or may delay (i) any applicable interest 
payments, in the case of Equity Linked Interest Notes, or (ii) settlement in the case of Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes. Prospective purchasers should review the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
the applicable Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Notes.  
If De-listing and/or Merger Event and/or Nationalisation and/or Insolvency and/or Tender Offer 
are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, prospective purchasers should note that the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
In respect of Equity Linked Notes relating to an equity security or equity securities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that 
has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended, if such equity security or equity securities is/are at any time after the Trade 
Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, prospective purchasers 
should note that the Calculation Agent will adjust any one or more of the relevant Interest Amount 
and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the 
Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to 
preserve the economic terms of the Notes. Prospective purchasers should also note that the

--- Page 20 ---
ٱ 
 
 
18
 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of 
the relevant Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent prevailing as of the relevant Valuation Time.  
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the Calculation Agent may determine that a 
Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting. A Settlement Disruption Event is an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer, as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
specified assets to be delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the applicable Issue Terms, is not practicable. Any such 
determination may affect the value of the Notes and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Notes.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the 
redemption date, the volatility of the equity security or equity securities, the dividend rate (if any) 
and the financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant equity security or equity 
securities as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such securities may be 
traded.  
Index Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal (“Index Linked Redemption Notes”) 
and/or interest (“Index Linked Interest Notes”) payable is dependent upon the level, or changes in 
the level, of an index or a basket of indices (together “Index Linked Notes”).  
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Index 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion 
of their principal investment. In addition, movements in the level of the index or basket of indices 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In 
general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on 
yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the 
index or the indices on principal and/or interest payable will be magnified.  
If Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant time. Any such 
determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Notes 
and/or may delay (i) any applicable interest payments, in the case of Index Linked Interest Notes, or 
(ii) settlement, in the case of Index Linked Redemption Notes. Prospective purchasers should review 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how 
such provisions apply to the Notes.  
If an Index Adjustment Event occurs, prospective purchasers should note that the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index or indices 
may be traded.

--- Page 21 ---
ٱ 
 
 
19
 
Commodity Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal (“Commodity Linked Redemption 
Notes”) and/or interest (“Commodity Linked Interest Notes”) payable is dependent upon the price 
of or changes in the price of a commodity or a basket of commodities or where, depending on the 
price or change in the price of the commodity or basket of commodities, on redemption the Issuer’s 
obligation is to deliver specified assets (together “Commodity Linked Notes”).  
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of 
the commodity or basket of commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of the commodity or commodities may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or 
prices of the commodities, the greater the effect on yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the 
commodity or commodities on principal, interest payable or the amount of specified assets 
deliverable will be magnified.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the price of the commodity or commodities. The price of the 
commodity or commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or 
more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any 
such commodities may be treated.  
Credit Linked Notes  
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or 
Restructuring) in relation to a Reference Entity or Reference Entities, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the obligation of the Issuer to pay principal may be replaced by an obligation 
to pay other amounts, which may be less than the par value amount, calculated by reference to the 
value of the Reference Item(s) and/or to deliver the Reference Item(s). In addition, interest bearing 
Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such 
circumstances. The Issuer may issue Credit Linked Notes linked to the performance of two or more 
Reference Entities where the obligation of the Issuer to pay principal may be replaced by an 
obligation to pay other amounts, which may be less than the par value amount, calculated by 
reference to the value of the Reference Item(s) and/or to deliver the Reference Item(s), in each case, in 
relation to the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred (“First to Default 
Credit Linked Notes”). The Issuer may issue Credit Linked Notes linked to the performance of a 
portfolio of Reference Entities where the amount of principal and interest (if any) payable by the 
Issuer pursuant to such Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether a Credit Event in respect of one 
or more Reference Entities has occurred (“Portfolio Credit Linked Notes”).  
If Merger Event is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, prospective purchasers should 
note that, in the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
ٱ 
 
 
20
 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount 
of the Issuer’s credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer need not suffer any loss nor 
provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event.  
Currency Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal (“Currency Linked Redemption Notes”) 
and/or interest (“Currency Linked Interest Notes”) payable is dependent upon movements in 
currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated (together “Currency Linked Notes”).  
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Currency 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency 
exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements in currency 
exchange rates and is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or 
interest payable will be magnified.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in 
currency exchange rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or 
more jurisdictions.  
5. 
Risks relating to the Euro and Eurozone 
Investors in the Notes should carefully consider how changes to the Eurozone may affect their 
investment in the Notes. Since the global economic crisis, the deterioration of the sovereign debt of 
several countries together with the risk of contagion to other, more stable, countries, has continued to 
pose risks. This has also lead to uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union and may result in changes to the composition of the 
Eurozone. Market perceptions concerning the instability of the euro, the potential re-introduction of 
individual currencies within the Eurozone, or the potential dissolution of the euro entirely, could 
adversely affect the value of Notes. 
As a confidence building measure, the European Commission created the European Financial 
Stability Facility (the “EFSF”) and the European Financial Stability Mechanism (the “EFSM”) to 
provide funding to Euro zone countries in financial difficulties that seek such support. Subsequently, 
the European Council agreed that Euro zone countries would establish a permanent stability 
mechanism, the European Stability Mechanism, to assume the role of the EFSF and the EFSM in 
providing external financial assistance to Euro zone countries which has been active since July 2013. 
Despite these measures, concerns persist regarding the growing risk that other Euro zone countries 
could be subject to an increase in borrowing costs and could face an economic crisis similar to that of 
Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Ireland, Spain and Portugal, together with the risk that further countries could 
opt to leave the Euro zone, and that the impact of these events on Europe and the global financial 
system could be severe which could have a negative impact on the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
ٱ 
 
 
21
 
Furthermore, concerns that the Euro zone sovereign debt crisis could worsen may lead to the 
imposition of capital controls, the reintroduction of national currencies in one or more Euro zone 
countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the Euro entirely. The 
departure or risk of departure from the Euro by one or more Euro zone countries and/or the 
abandonment of the Euro as a currency could have major negative effects on the Issuer and the Notes. 
Should the Euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of Euro-
denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential 
developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the 
value of the Notes. Investors should carefully consider how changes to the Euro zone may affect their 
investment in the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
6. 
Political, economic and legal risks 
UK referendum on Membership of the European Union 
The UK's membership of the EU ended on 31 January 2020 in accordance with the Agreement on the 
withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union 
and the European Atomic Energy Community (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). The Withdrawal 
Agreement provides for a transition period until 31 December 2020 during which existing and new 
EU law will apply in the UK. The transition period may be extended once by mutual consent of the 
parties by up to two years. However, the UK legislation ratifying the article 50 withdrawal agreement 
(the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020 (as so amended, the EUWA)) contains a prohibition on a Minister of the Crown 
agreeing any extension to the transition period. While this does not entirely remove the prospect that 
the transition period will be extended (as the UK Parliament could pass legislation that would 
override the effect of the prohibition in the EUWA), the likelihood of an extension is reduced. 
There is a risk that the outcome of the negotiation of a trade agreement between the UK and the EU or 
the breakdown of such negotiation, may have a negative impact on the economy which in turn could 
have an adverse effect on the performance of the Eligible Assets and the return on the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the terms of the UK’s exit from the EU will include arrangements for 
the continuation of the existing passporting regime or mutual access rights to market infrastructure 
and mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes. Such uncertainty could 
adversely affect the Issuer and impact the ability of third parties to provide services to the Issuer 
(including with respect to the Programme) which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
return on the Notes. 
Market, Liquidity and Yield Considerations 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes.   
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions, whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments 
similar to the Notes.  The Issuer cannot predict if and when these circumstances will change and, if

--- Page 24 ---
ٱ 
 
 
22
 
and when they do, whether conditions of general market liquidity for the Notes and instruments 
similar to the Notes will return in the future. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and, where applicable, interest on Notes issued under the Programme in 
the currency for such Notes. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor's Currency”) other than the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the specified currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Notes issued under the Programme may involve the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Credit Ratings may not Reflect all Risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to a Series of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes of the relevant Series. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
 
7. 
Risks relating to third party service providers to the Issuer 
Reliance on Creditworthiness of Other Parties 
If a Swap Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) is entered into by the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes of any Series, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
such Notes may depend on the receipt by it of payments under that Swap Agreement. Consequently, 
in such circumstances, the Issuer is exposed to the ability of the relevant Swap Counterparty (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) (if any) to perform its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments under a Swap Agreement may also be dependent on the timely 
payment by the Issuer of its obligations under that Swap Agreement. The ability of the Issuer to make 
timely payment of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement may depend on receipt by it of 
the scheduled payments under the relevant Series Collateral. Consequently, the Issuer may also be 
exposed to the ability of the issuer of the relevant Series Collateral to perform its payment obligations. 
If acquired, Series Collateral (as defined in Condition 4(a)) will be held in an account of, and in the 
name of, the Custodian. Where Collateral consists of assets other than securities, it may be held in the

--- Page 25 ---
ٱ 
 
 
23
 
name of or under the control of the Custodian or in such other manner as is approved by the Trustee. 
The Custodian may be responsible under the Agency Agreement for receiving payments on Series 
Collateral and remitting them as may be required in the context of the relevant Notes. 
Trustee Conflicts of Interest 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders of a Series as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders of the relevant Series and the Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not, in respect of Notes of any Series, 
assume any duty or responsibility to any Swap Counterparty (other than to pay to any Swap 
Counterparty any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders of the relevant Series and 
shall not be obliged to act on any directions of the Swap Counterparty if this would in the Trustee’s 
opinion be contrary to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders of the relevant Series. 
Business Relationships and Capacity of KBC Bank NV 
The Issuer, KBC Bank NV and any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships 
with any Swap Counterparty or obligor of any Series Collateral (including, but not limited to, 
lending, depository, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions 
and take steps that they deem or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests 
arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder of any Series. In addition, the 
Issuer, KBC Bank NV and any of its affiliates may make a market or hold positions in respect of any 
Series Collateral relating to any particular transaction.  From time to time, KBC Bank NV and its 
affiliates may own significant amounts of Notes issued under the Programme. 
KBC Bank NV and its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in respect of a Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme including, without limitation, Dealer, Calculation Agent and Swap 
Counterparty.  KBC Bank NV and its affiliates acting in such capacities in connection with any Series 
of Notes shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entities in the 
relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other 
duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided 
with respect to each such capacity.  KBC Bank NV and its affiliates in their various capacities in 
connection with the Notes of any Series may enter into business dealings, from which they may 
derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any duty to account therefor. 
Reliance on the Portfolio Manager 
KBC Asset Management NV has been appointed by the Issuer, pursuant to a portfolio management 
agreement entered into on 28 March 2008 as most recently amended and restated on 18 December 
2017 (the “Portfolio Management Agreement”) between the Issuer and KBC Asset Management NV 
(in such capacity, the “Portfolio Manager”), to manage and service the Series Secured Assets with 
respect to each Series on behalf of the Issuer, including executing the acquisition and disposal of 
securities comprised therein, subject to compliance with the applicable provisions of the relevant 
Trust Deed.  In undertaking this role, the Portfolio Manager may review such available public 
information relating to the obligors of the relevant securities as it considers appropriate in its absolute 
discretion. Such review may not include due diligence of the kind common in relation to a primary 
securities offering.

--- Page 26 ---
ٱ 
 
 
24
 
The performance of any investment in any Series of Notes in respect of which the Portfolio Manager 
is responsible for servicing and managing the relevant Series Secured Assets will be dependent on, 
inter alia, the ability of the Portfolio Manager to manage and service the relevant Series Secured Assets 
and the performance by the Portfolio Manager of its obligations under the Portfolio Management 
Agreement.  
Although the Portfolio Manager will be required, pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement, to maintain such equipment, materials and expertise, and employ such professional and 
other personnel, as shall be necessary to perform the services thereunder, the Portfolio Manager will 
not be required to devote all of its time to such affairs and may continue to advise other investment 
funds and accounts or provide other management and advisory services to other funds or accounts in 
the future.  
8. 
Regulatory Risks applicable to the Issuer 
Accounting Standards 
The Issuer’s Irish corporation tax position depends to a significant extent on the accounting treatment 
applicable to the Issuer. The accounts of the Issuer are required to comply with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or with generally accepted accounting principles in Ireland (“Irish 
GAAP”) which has been substantially aligned with IFRS. Companies such as the Issuer might, under 
either IFRS or Irish GAAP, be forced to recognise in their accounts movements in the fair value of 
assets that could result in profits or losses for accounting purposes which bear little relationship to the 
company's actual cash position. These movements in value may generally be brought into the charge 
to tax (if not relieved) as a company's tax liability on such assets broadly follows the accounting 
treatment. However, the taxable profits of a qualifying company within the meaning of section 110 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act of Ireland 1997, as amended, (which it is anticipated that the Issuer will 
be) will be based on the profits that would have arisen to the company had its accounts been 
prepared under Irish GAAP as it existed at 31 December 2004.  It is possible to elect out of such 
treatment and such election, if made, is irrevocable.  If the Issuer makes such an election, then taxable 
profits or losses could arise to the Issuer as a result of the application of IFRS or current Irish GAAP 
that are not contemplated in the cash-flows for the transaction and as such may have a negative effect 
on the Issuer and its ability to make payments to the Noteholders.  It should be noted in this regard 
that the Issuer covenanted in Clause 10.29 of the Master Trust Deed that, if its cash flows would 
thereby be affected adversely, no such election will be made.  
EMIR 
 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation EU 648/2012 ("EMIR”) introduced certain 
requirements in respect of derivative contracts entered into by certain financial counterparties ("FCs"), 
such as European investment firms, alternative investment funds, credit institutions and insurance 
companies, and counterparties who are not FCs ("NFCs"). FCs will be subject to a general obligation 
to clear all "eligible" OTC derivative contracts through a duly authorised or recognised central 
counterparty (the "Clearing Obligation"), to report the details of all derivative contracts to a trade 
repository and undertake certain risk mitigation techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts 
which are not subject to the Clearing Obligation (the "Risk Mitigation Obligation"), such as the 
timely confirmation of the terms of the OTC derivative contracts (the “Reporting Obligations”), 
portfolio reconciliation and compression and the implementation of dispute resolution procedures. 
 
NFCs are subject to the Reporting Obligations and certain Risk Mitigation Obligations. NFCs are 
exempted from the Clearing Obligation and certain additional Risk Mitigation Obligations, such as 
the posting of collateral, as long as they do not exceed the applicable clearing thresholds established 
by the regulatory technical standard for the relevant class of OTC derivative contracts. A NFC that 
has an average aggregate gross notional value of all derivative contracts entered into by it and other 
NFCs within its “group” (as defined in EMIR) excluding transactions the subject of the Hedging

--- Page 27 ---
ٱ 
 
 
25
 
Exemption (as defined below), under certain thresholds (an "NFC-") are excluded from the Clearing 
Obligation, as are non-EEA country entities equivalent to such a NFC. OTC derivative contracts 
which are objectively measurable as reducing risks directly related to commercial activity or treasury 
financing activity of an NFC or the group to which it belongs (the "Hedging Exemption") will not be 
included towards the clearing thresholds.  
 
If the Issuer is considered to be a member of a "group" (as defined in EMIR) or otherwise no longer 
makes use of the Hedging Exemption, there is a risk of it becoming subject to the Clearing Obligation 
and such additional Risk Mitigation Obligations. It may not be possible for the Issuer to know if any 
of the thresholds have been exceeded or if it has become part of a "group" for the purposes of EMIR 
and this status in any event may be subject to change. In the event that the Issuer exceeds the 
applicable clearing thresholds, it would be required to post collateral both in respect of cleared and 
non-cleared OTC derivative contracts. 
 
On 4 October 2016, the European Commission adopted regulatory technical standards on risk 
mitigation techniques for OTC derivative contracts not cleared by a central clearing counterparty to 
the European Commission (the “RTS”). The RTS entered into force on 4 January 2017. The RTS detail 
the risk mitigation techniques and margin requirements in respect of non-cleared OTC derivatives as 
well as specifying the criteria regarding intragroup exemptions and the dates on which the margin 
requirements will take effect. FCs and NFCs above the clearing threshold, and, by extension, non-EEA 
equivalents contracting with those entities, are required by EMIR to exchange initial and variation 
margin in respect of their non-cleared OTC derivative contracts (the "margin requirement") unless 
they can rely on certain exemptions. There is an exemption available where one of the parties is an 
NFC- or a non-EEA country equivalent of an NFC- and the other party’s internal risk policies do not 
require it to collect margin from NFC-s or non-EEA country equivalents.  
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR may in due 
course significantly increase the cost of entering into OTC derivative contracts (including as a result 
of NFCs such as the Issuer becoming subject to marking to market and collateral posting 
requirements in respect of non-OTC derivatives). These changes may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to enter derivative transactions and/or manage interest rate risk. As a result of such increased 
costs and/or additional regulatory requirements, investors may receive significantly less or no 
interest or return, as the case may be.  
 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks including LIBOR and EURIBOR and other ‘interest rate, equity, 
commodity, foreign exchange rate and types of benchmarks’ 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark" such as floating rate notes. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied 
from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  Among other 
things, (i) it requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) it prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark".

--- Page 28 ---
ٱ 
 
 
26
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of 
the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Financial Regulators in a number of key jurisdictions are strongly encouraging the transition away 
from Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free 
rates" to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling 
LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), so that SONIA may be established as 
the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021 and (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a 
new Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) as the new euro risk free rate. The risk free rates have a different 
methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace and have 
little historical track record. It is considered unlikely that certain IBORs will continue long-term in 
their current form. 
The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority has announced that it will no longer continue to 
persuade, or use its powers to compel, LIBOR panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of 
LIBOR after 2021. Accordingly, LIBOR is expected to cease after the end of 2021. This could adversely 
affect the value of, and amounts payable under, any Notes in respect of which interest is calculated by 
reference to LIBOR. Furthermore, the relatively short timeline involved, the differences between 
LIBOR and SONIA, the complexity of transitioning and the variety of products impacted, may lead to 
adverse market conditions, which may have an adverse effect on the amounts available to the Issuer 
to pay to Noteholders. 
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR or EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, 
the rate of interest on floating rate Notes which reference LIBOR or EURIBOR may be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes and/or the terms and 
conditions of the Notes may be amended to include a successor or replacement rate selected by the 
Administration Agent and/or the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes in full. The foregoing could 
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the floating rate 
Notes and the value and liquidity of, and return on, any floating rate Notes which reference LIBOR or 
EURIBOR. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") was required to be 
transposed into national laws no later than 22 July 2013, although certain transitional provisions 
expired on 22 July 2014. AIFMD provides, among other things, that all alternative investment funds 
("AIFs") must have a designated alternative investment fund manager ("AIFM") with responsibility 
for portfolio and risk management. On 23 November 2020, in order to assist in limiting any 
uncertainty until definitive positions and practises are finalised, the Central Bank of Ireland 
published a 36th  edition of its AIFMD Questions and Answers (“Q&A”), pursuant to which, financial 
vehicles engaged solely in activities where economic participation is by way of debt or other 
corresponding instruments which do not provide ownership rights in the financial vehicle (as are 
provided by the sale of its shares) are advised that they fall outside the scope of the AIFMD regime 
(unless the Central Bank of Ireland advises those entities otherwise in a replacement Q&A, which,

--- Page 29 ---
ٱ 
 
 
27
 
according to the Q&A, it does not intend to do at least for so long as the European Securities and 
Markets Authority continues its current work on the matter).  
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority has not yet given any formal guidance on the 
application of AIFMD to entities such as the Issuer which issue solely debt securities. If AIFMD were 
to apply to the Issuer, the relevant portfolio manager would need to be appropriately regulated. The 
Issuer would also be classified as a "financial counterparty" under EMIR and may be required to 
comply with clearing obligations or other risk mitigation techniques with respect to derivative 
transactions including obligations to post margin to any central clearing counterparty or market 
counterparty. See also "EMIR" above. In addition, The AIFMD would entail several consequences for 
the Issuer, notably: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer would have to delegate the management of its assets to a duly licensed AIFM (the 
“Issuer AIFM”); 
 
(b) 
the Issuer AIFM would have to implement procedures in order to identify, prevent, manage, 
monitor and disclose conflict of interests; 
 
(c) 
adequate risk management systems would need to be implemented by the Issuer AIFM to 
identify, measure, manage and monitor appropriately all risks relevant to the Issuer’s 
investment strategy and to which the Issuer is or can be exposed (including appropriate stress 
testing procedures); 
 
(d) 
valuation procedures would need to be designed at the Issuer level; 
 
(e) 
a depositary would have to be appointed in relation to the Issuer’s assets; and 
 
(f)  
the Issuer and the Issuer AIFM would be subject to certain reporting and disclosure 
obligations. 
 
From the Issuer’s perspective, if the Issuer were considered to be an AIF and could not benefit from 
the exemption for ‘securitisation special purpose entities’ or ‘SSPEs’ (as defined in AIFMD) provided 
in the AIFMD, the AIFMD would require the Portfolio Manager and/or the Issuer to seek 
authorisation to become an AIFM under the AIFMD. If the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer were to 
fail to, or be unable to, obtain such authorisation, the Portfolio Manager may not be able to continue 
to manage the Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. Any regulatory changes arising 
from implementation of the AIFMD (or otherwise) that impairs the ability of the Portfolio Manager to 
manage the Issuer’s assets may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to service the Notes. 
 
Risk retention and due diligence requirement 
 
On 1 January 2019, Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") and the associated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (the "CRR Amending Regulation", and together with the Securitisation 
Regulation, the "Securitisation Regulations") began to apply to any securitisations issued from that 
date, subject to various transitional provision. The Securitisation Regulations implement the revised 
securitisation framework developed by the Basel Committee, as well as revised risk retention and 
transparency requirements (now imposed variously on the issuer, originator, sponsor and/or original 
lender of a securitisation) and new due diligence requirements imposed on certain institutional 
investors in a securitisation. In general, the requirements imposed under the Securitisation 
Regulations are more onerous and have a wider scope than those imposed under the previous 
legislation. 
For so long as Senior Notes only are offered by the Issuer, such Senior Notes do not appear in 
themselves to represent tranching of credit risk as contemplated in the above regulations to the extent 
they relate to securitisations. However, the Issuer may offer Mezzanine or Subordinated Notes in the 
future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the above requirements do not or will not apply.

--- Page 30 ---
ٱ 
 
 
28
 
For so long as only Senior Notes are offered by the Issuer, it is not expected that any such retention of 
economic interests as referred to above will be made, whether on issue of such Notes or at any time 
during the term of such Notes.   
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives 
The Council of the European Union adopted the first Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (“EU ATAD 1”) 
on 20 June 2016 and the second Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive, amending and supplementing EU 
ATAD 1, (“EU ATAD 2”) on 29 May 2017 (together the “EU ATADs”). The EU ATADs oblige all 
member states to introduce a number of anti-tax avoidance measures. Many of these measures have 
been derived from the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) initiative of the Organisation for 
Economic Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”). However, although there are a number of 
similarities between the OECD BEPS initiatives and the proposals in the EU ATADs, there are a 
number of differences in the detail.  
A number of the measures contained in EU ATAD 1 have now been implemented in Ireland (General 
Anti-Avoidance Rules, Exit Taxes, Controlled Foreign Company rules and the Anti-Hybrid Rules) 
while some have yet to be implemented (i.e. the rules in EU ATAD 1 limiting the deductibility of 
interest for tax purposes in certain circumstances (the “Interest Limitation Rules”) and the reverse 
hybrid rules as amended and supplemented by EU ATAD 2 (the “Reverse Hybrid Rules”)). As such, 
until the detailed provisions for the implementation in Ireland of the Interest Limitation Rules and the 
Reverse Hybrid Rules are known, it is difficult to be conclusive about the potential impact of the EU 
ATADs on the Issuer and whether or not it may result in an increase in the effective tax rate of the 
Issuer in future periods. 
Although EU ATAD 1 permits the Interest Limitation Rules to be deferred to 2024 where there are 
equally effective domestic interest limitation rules in effect (and Ireland originally took the position 
that it has equally effective domestic interest limitation rules in effect and could therefore delay 
implementing these EU ATAD 1 rules until 2024), Ireland is currently examining options to 
implement the Interest Limitation Rules, along with the Reverse Hybrid Rules from 1 January 2022.  
Any increase in the effective tax rate of the Issuer as a result of the above measures could impact the 
return on the Notes because tax liabilities of the Issuer would be paid in priority to payments of 
interest and principal on the Notes under the applicable order of payments as set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
ٱ 
 
 
29
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with: 
 
(i) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended on 30 April 
2018 together with the audit report thereon set out on page 11 to 42 (inclusive) of the 
director’s report and audited financial statements of the Issuer which are available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/AudFin-Arcade-
300418_b37fedd6-3c5b-46d2-ba6c-c6e202797ba5.pdf; and 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended on 30 April 
2019 together with the audit report thereon set out on page 10 to 42 (inclusive) of the 
director’s report and audited financial statements of the Issuer which are available on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Arcade%20signed%20Financial%20Statements%20201
9%20(002)_11b6d886-23f3-4783-8c3e-545f61b6feb3.pdf .   
The items listed at (i) and (ii) (together, the “Accounts”) have been filed with the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in any of the Accounts incorporated by reference in, and forming 
part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication, or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Conditions set forth in the base prospectuses dated 28 March 2007, 28 March 2008, 29 June 2009, 
11 March 2011, 21 November 2012 and 17 December 2013, 6 March 2015, 18 December 2017 and 4 July 
2019 of the Issuer in respect of the Programme shall also be deemed to be incorporated into and to 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  Such conditions are available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.ise.ie/Market-Data-Announcements/Debt/Individual-Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-
Security-Documents/?progID=1056&FIELDSORT=docId. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer specified below. 
 
To the extent that only part of a document is incorporated by reference herein, the non-incorporated 
part of such document is either not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
ٱ 
 
 
30
 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the circumstances required by, and 
in compliance with, Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 33 ---
ٱ 
 
 
31
 
 
THE ISSUER 
General 
Arcade Finance p.l.c. was incorporated as a special purpose vehicle in Ireland (with registered 
number 435310) on 22 February 2007 as a public company limited by shares under the Companies 
Acts 1963 to 2006 (now the Companies Act 2014, as amended). The authorised share capital of the 
Issuer is EUR40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of EUR1 each, all of which have been issued 
at par, are fully paid and are held, directly or through its nominees, by QSV Trustees Limited (in such 
capacity, the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a trust established under Irish law by a deed of 
retirement of trustee and appointment of new trustee dated 17 November 2016 and made by the 
Share Trustee for the benefit of such charities as the Share Trustee may determine from time to time at 
its discretion. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than its fees 
for acting as trustee from holding such shares. The registered office of the Issuer is at Riverside One, 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland (telephone number +353 1 511 1639). The Issuer has no 
subsidiaries 
or 
subsidiary 
undertakings. 
The 
Issuer’s 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
is 
549300CCW5XVVG053W02. 
Directors and Secretary 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Principal Activities outside 
the Issuer 
Michael Boyce 
19 Glen Avenue 
The Park, Cabinteely 
Dublin 18 
Ireland 
Company Director 
John Fitzpatrick 
Van Neis  
Scholarstown Road 
Rathfarnham 
Dublin 16  
Ireland  
 
Company Director 
Frank Sonja Hugo Van De Vel 
c/o KBC Asset Management 
NV, Havenlaan 2, 1080 
Brussels, Belgium 
 
Chief Investor Support 
Officer and Managing 
Director, KBC Asset 
Management NV, Company 
Director 
Yves Lippens 
c/o KBC Fund Management 
Limited, Sandwith Street 
Dublin 2 
Executive Director, KBC Fund 
Management Limited and 
Director, BVBA Tandarts K. 
Withofs and non-executive 
Director, Archipel Fund plc. 
The company secretary of the Issuer is HMP Secretarial Limited, whose principal address is Riverside 
One, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. KBC Bank Ireland p.l.c., whose principal address is 
Sandwith Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, provides certain accounting and related services to the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
ٱ 
 
 
32
 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and are, 
inter alia, to issue, purchase, acquire, deal, trade, hold, manage or otherwise enter into an arrangement 
which constitutes any financial asset including, without limitation, shares, bonds, and other 
securities, all kinds of futures, options, swaps, derivatives and similar instruments, invoices and to 
raise, borrow and secure the payment of money by the creation and issue of notes, bonds, debentures, 
commercial paper, or other securities whether or not secured upon all or any of the Issuer’s 
undertaking, assets, property and revenues. 
The only activities in which the Issuer has engaged are those incidental to its incorporation and 
registration as a public limited company under the Companies Act 2014, as amended, the 
establishment of the Programme, the issue of Series of Notes under the Programme, the other matters 
referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the authorisation, execution, delivery and 
performance of the other documents referred to in this Base Prospectus to which the Issuer is a party 
and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The Issuer has entered into certain restrictive covenants as set out in the Conditions and the Master 
Trust Deed. 
Issuer’s power to appoint a new trustee and the resignation/removal of the Trustee 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Issuer has the power to appoint a new trustee where 
the Trustee has resigned or has been removed as set out below. 
The Trustee may retire at any time upon giving not less than 60 days’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer without giving any reason and without being responsible for any costs occasioned by such 
retirement and the Noteholders shall have power, exercisable by extraordinary resolution, to remove 
any Trustee provided that the retirement or removal of any sole trustee or sole trust corporation shall 
not become effective until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. The Issuer undertakes 
that, if a sole trust corporation gives notice of retirement or an extraordinary resolution of 
Noteholders is passed for its removal, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that 
another trust corporation be appointed as Trustee. If the Issuer fails to procure the appointment of a 
new trustee within the period of 60 days following notification of resignation or removal, the Trustee 
may appoint a successor trustee. 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of the Notes of a Series 
will be the assets which comprise the security for the Notes of such Series, as set out in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and/or Series Pledge Agreement. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Portfolio Manager, any Agent, the 
Trustee, or the Custodian. 
There is no intention to accumulate surpluses in the Issuer. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has filed its audited financial statements for the year ended 30 April 2019 with Euronext 
Dublin. 
Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young. Ernst & Young were the statutory auditors of 
the Issuer for the financial years ended 30 April 2018 and 30 April 2019. Ernst & Young is a member of

--- Page 35 ---
ٱ 
 
 
33
 
Chartered Accountants Ireland and has its principal office at Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland.

--- Page 36 ---
ٱ 
 
 
34
 
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, ADMINISTRATION AND CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS 
Portfolio Management 
 
Unless provided otherwise in the Supplemental Trust Deed with respect to a Series, the Series 
Secured Assets in respect of each Series of Notes will be managed on behalf of the Issuer by KBC 
Asset Management NV acting as Portfolio Manager pursuant to a portfolio management agreement 
made on 28 March 2008 as most recently amended and restated on 18 December 2017 between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Manager (the “Portfolio Management Agreement”). In the event 
that the Portfolio Management Agreement is terminated, a replacement portfolio manager will be 
appointed. 
 
The Portfolio Manager was incorporated in Belgium on 30 December 1999 and obtained a licence as 
“vennootschap voor vermogensbeheer” (asset management company) on 1 June 2000 by the 
“Commissie voor het Bank – en Financiewezen – Commission Bancaire et Financière” (The Belgian 
Banking 
and 
Finance 
Commission). 
This 
licence 
was 
amended 
on 
9 
June 
2005 
to 
“beheersvennootschap van instellingen voor collectieve belegging” (management company of 
collective investment schemes). 
 
The principals of the Portfolio Manager are as follows: 
 
Johan Lema: President of the Executive Committee and Managing Director. Also a board 
member of KBC Fund Management Limited (Ireland), KBC Asset Management S.A. 
(Luxembourg), KBC Asset Management Participations (Luxembourg), CSOB Asset Management 
a.s. (Czech Republic), BeAMA. 
 
 
Linda Demunter: Chief Investment Officer and Managing Director. Also a board member of KBC 
Fund Management Limited (Ireland), KBC Asset Management S.A. (Luxembourg) and KBC 
Asset Management Participations (Luxembourg). 
 
 
Klaus Vandewalle: Chief Operations Officer and Managing Director.  
 
 
Frank Van de Vel: Chief Investor Support Officer and Managing Director. Responsible for 
Innovation and Product Development. Also a board member of BeAMA, Arcade Finance p.l.c., 
Amethyst Structured Finance p.l.c., Beechwood Structured Finance p.l.c., Brookfields Capital 
p.l.c., Eperon Finance p.l.c., Espaccio Securities p.l.c., Greenstreet Structured Financial Products 
p.l.c., Ipanema Capital p.l.c., Nimrod Capital p.l.c., Opal Financial Products p.l.c., Profile Finance 
p.l.c., Recolte Securities p.l.c., Silverstate Financial Investments p.l.c., Vespucci Structured 
Financial Products p.l.c., Vigado Capital p.l.c., Voyce Investments p.l.c., Waterford Capital 
Investments p.l.c., Waves Financial Investments p.l.c., Vermillion Protective Bond Portfolio p.l.c. 
and K&H Fund Management.  
 
 
Chris Sterckx: Chief Risk Officer and Managing Director. Also a board member of BeAMA. 
 
Portfolio Administration 
 
Unless provided otherwise in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed with respect to a Series, the 
Series Secured Assets related to the relevant Series of Notes will be administered on behalf of the 
Issuer by KBC Asset Management NV (in such capacity, the “Administration Agent”) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement originally dated 28 March 2007 as most recently amended and restated on 18 
December 2017.   
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Administration Agent has agreed to monitor the Series 
Secured Assets with respect to each Series of Notes on behalf of the Issuer and to provide to the Issuer 
and the Portfolio Manager on a periodic basis certain information regarding the Series Secured Assets

--- Page 37 ---
ٱ 
 
 
35
 
with respect to each Series of Notes, cash on deposit in each Series Cash Account, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of each Series of Notes, and payments which are scheduled to fall due by the 
Issuer with respect to each Series of Notes prior to the next reporting date.   
 
The Administration Agent has also agreed to provide information to the Issuer and the Portfolio 
Manager on a periodic basis regarding the valuations of the Series Secured Assets with respect to each 
Series of Notes and the liabilities of the Issuer with respect to each Series of Notes (including liabilities 
represented by Notes issued by it). 
 
The Administration Agent may resign by giving to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent not less than 60 days’ written notice, and the Issuer may, with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Administration Agent by giving to the Administration 
Agent, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent not less than 60 days’ written notice.  The 
appointment of the Administration Agent will terminate forthwith if the Administration Agent 
becomes insolvent or enters into insolvency proceedings.  The Issuer has covenanted in favour of the 
Trustee that there will at all times be an Administration Agent. 
Custody Arrangements 
 
Unless provided otherwise in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Series Collateral relating to a 
Series will be held, or caused to be held, on behalf of the Issuer by KBC Bank NV, Brussels, acting in 
its capacity as custodian and/or by such other custodian as may be appointed by the Issuer with the 
written approval of the Trustee (the “Custodian”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement and the Trust 
Deed.  The Series Collateral will be held by the Custodian in a securities account in the name of the 
Issuer (the “Series Custody Account”).   
 
The Custodian will also open a cash account (each a “Series Cash Account”) in the name of the Issuer 
into which will be paid all amounts of principal, interest and other cash distributions received in 
respect of the Series Charged Assets for each Series.  Payments made by the Issuer in respect of a 
Series will be made from amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Series Cash Account.

--- Page 38 ---
ٱ 
 
 
36
 
HEDGING ARRANGEMENTS 
In connection with each Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into one or more over-the-counter 
derivative transactions with KBC Bank NV as counterparty or such other person as may be specified 
in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the relevant Issue Terms (each such counterparty, the 
“Swap Counterparty” with respect to the relevant Series of Notes).  Where KBC Bank NV is the Swap 
Counterparty with respect to a Series of Notes, the relevant derivative transaction(s) will be 
documented by one or more confirmations and a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement made between the 
Issuer and KBC Bank NV, or such other agreement as may be specified in the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed and Issue Terms.  Where the Swap Counterparty with respect to a Series of Notes is a 
party other than KBC Bank NV, the relevant derivative transaction(s) will be documented pursuant to 
such agreement and confirmation(s) as are specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and 
Issue Terms. The documentation pursuant to which the relevant derivative transaction(s) is 
documented between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty with respect to a Series of Notes is 
referred to with respect to such Series of Notes as the related “Swap Agreement”. 
 
Unless stated otherwise in the relevant Issue Terms, a Swap Agreement may be terminated early in 
various circumstances, including: 
 
(a) 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments made by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, 
as the case may be; or  
(b) 
at the option of one party, if there is a failure by the other party to pay any amounts due, or to 
comply with or perform any obligation under the Swap Agreement; or  
(c) 
upon the Notes becoming payable in whole or in part in accordance with their conditions at 
any time prior to their maturity, other than in circumstances referred to in (d) below; or 
(d) 
at the option of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if any of the Notes to 
which such Swap Agreement relates to are purchased by or on behalf of the Swap 
Counterparty, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; or 
(e) 
upon the occurrence of certain other events with respect to either party to the Swap 
Agreement, including insolvency, merger without an assumption of the obligations in respect 
of the Swap Agreement or changes in law resulting in illegality; or 
(f) 
upon the occurrence of certain other events with respect to the Swap Counterparty such as a 
breach of a representation, default under a Specified Transaction (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement). 
On the occurrence of any of the events referred to above, a termination payment will be due to be 
paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of 
the Swap Agreement.  
 
There is no guarantee that upon any such termination the funds realised from the disposal of the 
Swap Collateral plus or minus (as the case may be) the termination payment due in respect of the 
Swap Agreement will be sufficient to pay, in full, amounts owing to the Noteholders. To the extent 
any such shortfall arises, neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty will be obliged to make any 
further payment to meet any such shortfall and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the Issuer or 
Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, in respect of any such shortfall. No other assets of the Issuer 
or Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, will be available to meet such shortfall. The Swap 
Counterparty shall not be entitled to institute or join any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining, insolvency proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
ٱ 
 
 
37
 
The obligations of the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement will be secured on 
the Series Secured Assets for the relevant Series of Notes.  The respective rankings of the claims of, 
inter alia, the Noteholders of the relevant Series and the Swap Counterparty over the proceeds of 
enforcement of the relevant Series Secured Assets will be set out in the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed and Issue Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
ٱ 
 
 
38
 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND EXPENSES 
 
The net proceeds of each issue of a Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer in acquiring Series 
Collateral and/or in making an initial payment under a related Swap Agreement, if applicable.   
 
Series Collateral 
 
The Series Collateral for a Series of Notes shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, but shall in 
all cases comprise Eligible Assets.  “Eligible Assets” means any securities (including shares, bonds 
and units in collective investment undertakings (including, but not limited to, UCITS within the 
meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, as amended)), deposits, money market instruments, derivative 
transactions and any other qualifying assets within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) of Ireland, which are (i) obligations of an entity organised 
under the laws of any European Economic Area member state, any OECD member state, Jersey, 
Cayman Islands or Bermuda and (ii) which in each case have a scheduled maturity not later than 
fifteen years following the scheduled maturity of the Series of Notes for which such Eligible Asset is 
intended to comprise Series Collateral. 
 
Subject to the next following paragraph, where the relevant Series is to be listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or is the subject of an offer which requires publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation (a) except in cases of any such Eligible Asset which is an obligation of an 
obligor which has securities admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market, such Eligible 
Assets shall comprise obligations of more than 5 obligors and no obligor shall account for 20% or 
more of such Eligible Assets; and (b) in the case of any such Eligible Asset which is an equity security, 
such security shall be admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market. 
The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph shall not apply where the relevant Eligible 
Assets are described in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or in a Series Offering Document in 
respect of the relevant Series. 
 
Swap Agreement 
 
With respect to any Swap Agreement, the relevant Swap Counterparty will be described in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or in a Series Offering Document in respect of the relevant Series. 
 
Expenses 
 
The expenses for each issue of Notes will be identified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
 
Issuer Profit Margin 
 
An amount (which will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms or Series Offering Document) may be 
retained by the Issuer from the proceeds of each issue of a Series of Notes as a profit margin, which 
amount will not comprise part of or be used to acquire the Series Collateral and/or be used in making 
an initial payment under a related Swap Agreement.

--- Page 41 ---
ٱ 
 
 
39
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following (apart from the text in italics in this paragraph) is the text of the terms and conditions which, 
subject to completion pursuant to the Issue Terms relating to a Series, and as supplemented, modified or 
replaced by the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed applicable to a Series, and as described in the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, will be 
applicable to the Global Note(s) or Global Certificates representing each Series and to the Definitive Bearer 
Notes or Individual Certificates (if any) issued in exchange therefor and will be endorsed on such Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant Notes or 
Certificates and in the relevant Issue Terms and in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed.  Save as expressly 
stated, references in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of the relevant Series only and not to any other 
Series of Notes that may be issued under the Programme and references to “Noteholders” are to holders of Notes 
of the relevant Series only acting in their capacity as such.  References to the “Swap Agreement” and the “Swap 
Counterparty” in the Conditions are applicable only if the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the relevant 
Issue Terms indicate that the Issuer has entered into a Swap Agreement (as defined below) in connection with 
the Notes of the relevant Series.  References to Final Terms in the text of the terms and conditions set out below 
shall mean Issue Terms as defined in this Base Prospectus.  Issue Terms for the Notes, other than Notes which 
are subject to an Exempt Offer and which are not listed, shall be set out in each Series Offering Document.  
Issue Terms for Notes which are subject to an Exempt Offer and which are not listed shall not be final terms for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and, in relevant cases, this shall be stated on the face of the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
 
The Notes are constituted and secured by a master trust deed dated 28 March 2007 as amended and 
restated from time to time and as most recently amended and restated on 11 March 2011 and as 
further amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time and most recently supplemented 
on 18 December 2020 (the “Master Trust Deed”) made between, inter alios, the Issuer and The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch (the “Trustee”), as trustee for the holders of the Notes, as 
supplemented by a supplemental trust deed (each a “Supplemental Trust Deed”) dated the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”) made between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Trustee.  The Master 
Trust Deed incorporates by reference the provisions of a master definitions and common terms 
agreement dated 28 March 2007 as amended and restated from time to time and as most recently 
amended and restated on 18 December 2017 made between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Trustee (the 
“Master Definitions and Common Terms Agreement”).  The Master Trust Deed and the 
Supplemental Trust Deed are referred to together as the “Trust Deed” with respect to the Notes. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) issued on different dates.  Payments under the Notes will be made pursuant to a 
master agency agreement dated 28 March 2007 as amended and restated from time to time and as 
most recently amended and restated on 18 December 2017 (the “Agency Agreement”), which the 
Issuer has entered into with the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as principal 
paying agent (in such capacity the “Principal Paying Agent” and together with any other paying 
agents appointed, the “Paying Agents”), as calculation agent (in such capacity, the “Calculation 
Agent”), as transfer agent (in such capacity, the “Transfer Agent”) and as registrar (in such capacity, 
the “Registrar”), KBC Bank NV as custodian (in such capacity, the “Custodian”), KBC Asset 
Management NV as administration agent (in such capacity, the “Administration Agent”), and 
together with the Paying Agents, Calculation Agent, Custodian, Transfer Agent and Registrar, the 
“Agents”) and KBC Asset Management NV as portfolio manager (the “Portfolio Manager”). The 
Agency Agreement also incorporates by reference the provisions of the Master Definitions and 
Common Terms Agreement.  References in these Conditions (as defined below) to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the other Agents and to the “Agency Agreement” shall be construed accordingly.  
All Series Collateral (as defined in Condition 4(a)) taking the form of securities will be held or caused 
to be held on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as amended 
from time to time) and/or such other agreement as may be specified in the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed and the Conditions. References in these Conditions to the “Custodian” shall be construed 
accordingly.  Series Secured Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)) shall, unless provided otherwise in 
the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed with respect to a Series, be managed on behalf of the Issuer by 
the Portfolio Manager pursuant to the terms of a portfolio management agreement made between the

--- Page 42 ---
ٱ 
 
 
40
 
Issuer and the Portfolio Manager on 28 March 2008 as amended and restated from time to time and as 
most recently amended and restated on 18 December 2017 (the “Portfolio Management 
Agreement”).  Statements in these terms and conditions, as amended and supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, and as described in the relevant Final Terms (the “Conditions”) 
are subject to the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, copies of which 
are available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent. The Trust Deed includes the form of the Notes in bearer and registered form, 
the interest coupons (if any) relating to Notes in bearer form (the “Coupons”) and, where applicable 
in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”). Noteholders and Couponholders 
(each as defined in Condition 1) are entitled to the benefit of, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions contained in the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms and those applicable to them of 
the Agency Agreement. 
 
If so indicated in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the Final Terms the Issuer has entered into one or 
more confirmations (the “Confirmations”) documenting the terms of a swap, option or other over-
the-counter derivative transaction relating to the Notes, effective on the Issue Date, pursuant to a 2002 
ISDA Master Agreement (or such other agreement as may be specified in the Supplemental Trust 
Deed and the Final Terms) with KBC Bank NV or such other counterparty whose identity is indicated 
in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the Final Terms (the “Swap Counterparty”) (such 2002 ISDA 
Master Agreement (or other agreement) together with the Confirmations, the “Swap Agreement”). 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions shall have the meanings or values 
attributed to them in the Trust Deed, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  
 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title  
 
The Notes are serially numbered and issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) in the 
denomination of the Specified Denominations(s) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) 
in amounts of the Specified Denomination or such integral multiples of a stated amount in 
excess thereof (“Authorised Denominations”) as are specified in the Supplemental Trust 
Deed and the Final Terms, if applicable. “Specified Denomination” means such amount as is 
specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the Final Terms, if applicable, subject to a 
minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes). All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified 
Denomination. 
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note, permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) provided hereon and integral multiples of the Tradable Amount 
provided in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the Final Terms, if applicable. 
 
Subject as described in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, Bearer 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of 
Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the due date for redemption in respect of overdue amounts of principal, 
both before and after judgment) and Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
 
Subject as described in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Individual Certificates”), and, 
save as provided in Condition 2(c), each Individual Certificate represents a holding of one or 
more Registered Notes by the same holder. 
 
Title to the Bearer Notes, the Coupons appertaining thereto and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by assignment and registration in the register (the

--- Page 43 ---
ٱ 
 
 
41
 
“Register”) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A copy of the Register showing current holdings of 
Registered Notes will be available at the registered office of the Issuer. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, 
Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on 
account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall 
be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone. 
 
In these Conditions “Noteholder” means (i) the holder of any definitive Bearer Note or (ii) 
the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered and “Couponholder” means the 
holder of any Coupon and “Talonholder” means the holder of any Talon. 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and each Paying Agent shall deem and treat each Noteholder, 
Couponholder and Talonholder as the absolute owner of the relevant Note, Coupon or Talon 
(whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon) for the purpose of making payments and for all other 
purposes. 
 
2 
Exchanges of Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
 
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same aggregate 
principal amount of Registered Notes of the Specified Denomination at the request in writing 
of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Bearer Note to be exchanged, together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where a Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 13(b)(ii)) for any payment of interest, 
the Coupon and Talon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
 
A Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in the Specified Denomination 
upon the surrender of the Individual Certificate representing such Registered Note to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part 
only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Individual Certificate, a new 
Individual Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
A transfer of a Registered Note shall be completed by the recording of the holding of such 
Registered Notes in the Register. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be 
made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Individual Certificate, a 
new Individual Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option 
or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an 
option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate

--- Page 44 ---
ٱ 
 
 
42
 
Individual Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the 
same terms. New Individual Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Individual Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Individual 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Individual Certificate representing the existing holding. 
 
(d) 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) shall be 
available for delivery within three business days of receipt of a duly completed request for 
exchange or the surrender of the Certificate for exchange together with satisfaction of any 
other requirements imposed by these Conditions. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be 
made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to 
whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer or Individual 
Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer 
or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the 
new Individual Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method 
of delivery and/ or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets set the payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
 
Exchange and transfer of Notes or Individual Certificates on registration or transfer or 
exercise of an option or partial redemption will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect of) any tax, 
duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to such registration or 
transfer. 
 
(f) 
Closed periods 
 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or a Bearer Note 
to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date 
for any payment of principal on that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date 
on which Notes may be drawn for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to 
Condition 7(c), (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part or 
(iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. A Bearer 
Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) 
in respect of which the Individual Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date. 
 
3 
Status 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being senior (“Senior Notes”).  The Senior Notes and Coupons are 
direct, general, unconditional, secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and senior to any Class A 
Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D

--- Page 45 ---
ٱ 
 
 
43
 
Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G 
Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as 
defined below) of the relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under 
the Senior Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received 
out of the relevant Series Secured Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)).  Therefore, 
the holders of Senior Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such 
payments to be applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority 
of payments described in) Condition 4. 
(b) 
Class A Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class A mezzanine (“Class A Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class A 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, 
Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class 
G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as 
defined below) of the relevant Series but junior to any Senior Notes of the relevant 
Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class A Mezzanine Notes 
and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received out of the relevant 
Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class A Mezzanine Notes and 
Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in 
accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4. 
(c) 
Class B Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class B mezzanine (“Class B Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class B 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, 
Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class 
H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of the relevant 
Series but junior to any Senior Notes or Class A Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class B Mezzanine Notes 
and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received out of the relevant 
Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class B Mezzanine Notes and 
Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in 
accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4. 
(d) 
Class C Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(d) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class C mezzanine (“Class C Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class C 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes, 
Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and 
Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of the relevant Series but junior to any 
Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes or Class B Mezzanine Notes of the relevant 
Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class C Mezzanine Notes 
and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received out of the relevant 
Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class C Mezzanine Notes and 
Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in 
accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4.

--- Page 46 ---
ٱ 
 
 
44
 
(e) 
Class D Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(e) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class D mezzanine (“Class D Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class D 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class E Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, 
Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each 
as defined below) of the relevant Series but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A 
Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes or Class C Mezzanine Notes of the 
relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class D 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received 
out of the relevant Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class D 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be 
applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4. 
(f) 
Class E Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(f) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class E mezzanine (“Class E Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class E 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes, 
Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of the 
relevant Series but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B 
Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes or Class D Mezzanine Notes of the 
relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class E 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received 
out of the relevant Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class E 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be 
applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4. 
(g) 
Class F Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class F mezzanine (“Class F Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class F 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class G Mezzanine Notes, Class H Mezzanine Notes 
and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below) of the relevant Series but junior to 
any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C 
Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes or Class E Mezzanine Notes of the 
relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class F 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received 
out of the relevant Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class F 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be 
applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4. 
(h) 
Class G Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class G mezzanine (“Class G Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class G 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited

--- Page 47 ---
ٱ 
 
 
45
 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Class H Mezzanine Notes and Subordinated Notes 
(each as defined below) of the relevant Series but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A 
Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D 
Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine Notes or Class F Mezzanine Notes of the 
relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class G 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received 
out of the relevant Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class G 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be 
applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4. 
(i) 
Class H Mezzanine Notes 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being class H mezzanine (“Class H Mezzanine Notes”).  The Class H 
Mezzanine Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and senior to any Subordinated Notes (as defined below) of the relevant 
Series but junior to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B Mezzanine 
Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E Mezzanine 
Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes or Class G Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Series.  
In order to meet its payment obligations under the Class H Mezzanine Notes and 
Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon payments received out of the relevant 
Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders of Class H Mezzanine Notes and 
Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to be applied by the Issuer in 
accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments described in) Condition 4. 
(j) 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(j) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”).  The Subordinated 
Notes and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, secured limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and subordinate to any Senior Notes, Class A Mezzanine Notes, Class B 
Mezzanine Notes, Class C Mezzanine Notes, Class D Mezzanine Notes, Class E 
Mezzanine Notes, Class F Mezzanine Notes, Class G Mezzanine Notes and Class H 
Mezzanine Notes of the relevant Series.  In order to meet its payment obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes and Coupons, the Issuer must rely solely upon 
payments received out of the relevant Series Secured Assets.  Therefore, the holders 
of Subordinated Notes and Coupons must rely on the proceeds of such payments to 
be applied by the Issuer in accordance with (and subject to the priority of payments 
described in) Condition 4. 
4 
Security  
 
(a) 
Security 
 
The Notes shall be secured pursuant to the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or a Belgian law 
pledge made between, inter alios, the Issuer as pledgor, the Trustee as pledgee and the 
Custodian (each a “Series Pledge Agreement”).  The security so granted is referred to as the 
“Series Security” and the assets over which the Series Security is granted are referred to as 
the “Series Secured Assets”.  The Series Security may include the following security interests 
granted in favour of the Trustee:

--- Page 48 ---
ٱ 
 
 
46
 
(i) 
a charge and/or assignment and/or pledge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest 
and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the custody account (the “Series 
Custody Account”) maintained by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to which the 
collateral acquired by the Issuer with all or part of the proceeds of the Notes and any 
replacement collateral (the “Series Collateral”) is credited and all Series Collateral 
now or at any time hereafter standing to the credit thereof; 
(ii) 
a charge and/or assignment and/or pledge of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest 
and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the cash account (the “Series Cash 
Account”) maintained by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to which any cash 
received by the Issuer in connection with the Series Secured Assets is credited and all 
monies now or at any time hereafter standing to the credit thereof and all 
entitlements to interest and other rights and benefits accruing thereto or arising in 
connection therewith; and 
(iii) 
an assignment of all of the Issuer’s right, title, interest and benefit, present and future 
in, to and under the Swap Agreement (if any), the Agency Agreement to the extent 
that it relates to the Notes, the Portfolio Management Agreement to the extent that it 
relates to the Notes and any other document entered into by the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes (together, the “Series Documents”) (other than the Supplemental 
Trust Deed and Series Pledge Agreement) and all other contracts, agreements, deeds 
and documents, present and future, to which the Issuer is or may become a party 
pursuant to the provisions of the Series Documents (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any agreement entered into by the Issuer as a replacement of any of such 
agreements upon the termination of such agreement), including all rights to receive 
payment of any amounts payable or which may become payable or be distributed to 
the Issuer thereunder and all payments received by the Issuer thereunder including, 
without limitation, all rights to serve notices and/or make demands thereunder 
and/or to take such steps as are required to cause payments to become due and 
payable thereunder and all rights of action in respect of any breach thereof and all 
rights to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds 
 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed) apply all moneys 
received by it under the provisions of the Master Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed 
and the Series Pledge Agreement in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the 
Series Security in the following order of priority: 
 
(i) 
If “Noteholder Priority” is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed: 
 
(1) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee; 
(2) 
second, to pay any due but unpaid Administrative Expenses (within the 
meaning of the Master Trust Deed) incurred with respect to the relevant 
Series, in relation to each item thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(3) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders in respect of the Senior Notes; 
(4) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Senior Notes;

--- Page 49 ---
ٱ 
 
 
47
 
(5) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and payable 
to the relevant Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any), other 
than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); 
(6) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class A Mezzanine Notes; 
(7) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class A Mezzanine Notes; 
(8) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class B Mezzanine Notes; 
(9) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class B Mezzanine Notes; 
(10) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class C Mezzanine Notes; 
(11) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class C Mezzanine Notes; 
(12) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class D Mezzanine Notes; 
(13) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class D Mezzanine Notes; 
(14) 
fourteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class E Mezzanine Notes; 
(15) 
fifteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class E Mezzanine Notes; 
(16) 
sixteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class F Mezzanine Notes; 
(17) 
seventeenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Class F Mezzanine Notes; 
(18) 
eighteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class G Mezzanine Notes; 
(19) 
nineteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class G Mezzanine Notes; 
(20) 
twentieth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class H Mezzanine Notes; 
(21) 
twenty-first, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Class H Mezzanine Notes; 
(22) 
twenty-second, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest 
then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes (if any);

--- Page 50 ---
ٱ 
 
 
48
 
(23) 
twenty third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of 
principal due thereon until redemption in full of the Subordinated Notes (if 
any); 
(24) 
twenty fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and 
payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any) in 
respect of any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(25)  
twenty fifth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If “Pari Passu Ranking” is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed: 
(1) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee; 
(2) 
second, to pay any due but unpaid Administrative Expenses (as defined in 
the Master Trust Deed) incurred with respect to the relevant Series, in 
relation to each item thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(3) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Senior Notes and any 
amounts due and payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (if any), other than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as defined 
in the Master Trust Deed); 
(4) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class A Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(5) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class B Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(6) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class C Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(7) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class D Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(8) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class E Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(9) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class F Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(10) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class G Mezzanine 
Notes;

--- Page 51 ---
ٱ 
 
 
49
 
(11) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest and 
principal then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Class H Mezzanine 
Notes; 
(12) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of interest and 
principal then due to Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes (if 
any);  
(13) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and 
payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any) in 
respect of any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(14) 
fourteenth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(iii) 
If “Counterparty Priority” is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed: 
(1) 
first, to pay on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remuneration then due to 
any receiver and all amounts due in respect of legal fees and other costs, 
charges, liabilities, losses, damages, proceedings, claims and demands then 
incurred by any receiver together with interest thereon and to pay the fees, 
costs, expenses and liabilities due to the Trustee; 
(2) 
second, to pay any due but unpaid Administrative Expenses (as defined in 
the Master Trust Deed) incurred with respect to the relevant Series, in 
relation to each item thereof, on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(3) 
third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due and 
payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any), other 
than any Swap Subordinated Amounts (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); 
(4) 
fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders in respect of the Senior Notes; 
(5) 
fifth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Senior Notes; 
(6) 
sixth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class A Mezzanine Notes; 
(7) 
seventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class A Mezzanine Notes; 
(8) 
eighth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class B Mezzanine Notes; 
(9) 
ninth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class B Mezzanine Notes; 
(10) 
tenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class C Mezzanine Notes; 
(11) 
eleventh, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class C Mezzanine Notes; 
(12) 
twelfth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then due 
to the Noteholders of the Class D Mezzanine Notes;

--- Page 52 ---
ٱ 
 
 
50
 
(13) 
thirteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class D Mezzanine Notes; 
(14) 
fourteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class E Mezzanine Notes; 
(15) 
fifteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class E Mezzanine Notes; 
(16) 
sixteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class F Mezzanine Notes; 
(17) 
seventeenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Class F Mezzanine Notes; 
(18) 
eighteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class G Mezzanine Notes; 
(19) 
nineteenth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal due 
thereon until redemption in full of the Class G Mezzanine Notes; 
(20) 
twentieth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest then 
due to the Noteholders of the Class H Mezzanine Notes; 
(21) 
twenty-first, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of principal 
due thereon until redemption in full of the Class H Mezzanine Notes; 
(22) 
twenty second, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts of interest 
then due to the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes (if any); 
(23) 
twenty third, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, all amounts of 
principal due thereon until redemption in full of the Subordinated Notes (if 
any); 
(24) 
twenty fourth, to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any amounts due 
and payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any) in 
respect of any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(25) 
twenty fifth, to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
If “Other Priority” is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed: 
the Trustee shall apply all monies received by it pursuant to the Supplemental Trust 
Deed and the Master Trust Deed in connection with the realisation or enforcement of 
the Series Security in the order of priority set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
The applicable priority and ranking provisions in respect of each Series of Notes will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Realisation of Security 
In the event of any of the Series Security becoming enforceable (as described below), the 
Trustee may at its discretion and: 
(i) 
if requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed); or

--- Page 53 ---
ٱ 
 
 
51
 
(ii) 
if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders,  
(whichever shall be the first request or direction to be received by the Trustee) shall in each 
such case, subject to the Trustee first being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, 
enforce the Series Security in accordance with the Trust Deed and/or Series Pledge 
Agreement, but without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having 
regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders or Couponholders and provided 
that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action that would involve any personal 
liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.  
The Series Security shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
(described in Condition 14).   
(d) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make all payments due in respect of the Notes 
and (if applicable) Coupons. 
If the net proceeds of the Series Security upon realisation thereof in accordance with this 
Condition 4 and the Trust Deed and/or the Series Pledge Agreement are not sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any), the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons (if any) will be limited to such net proceeds and 
no other assets of the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons (if any). Claims in respect of any difference between the amount of the net 
proceeds of the Series Security after enforcement thereof and the amount which would 
otherwise have been payable under the Notes and Coupons (if any) (a “shortfall”) shall be 
extinguished and failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an Event of Default under any other Series of Notes. Any such 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and Couponholders on a pro rata basis. In such 
circumstances the Noteholders will not have any right to take any further action against the 
Issuer in respect of the shortfall. 
5 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the consent of the 
Trustee, except as contemplated by these Conditions (including Condition 21) and the 
documents relating to or establishing the Programme (the “Programme Documents”), incur 
any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, engage in any business, declare any dividends, 
have any employees or have any subsidiaries. 
6 
Interest 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Linked Interest Notes, then 
the provisions of this Condition 6 are subject to Conditions 9 and 11. If the Notes are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Equity Linked Interest Notes, then the provisions of this 
Condition 6 are subject to Conditions 10 and 11. If the Notes are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Credit Linked Notes, then the provisions of this Condition 6 are subject to 
Condition 12.  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly 
Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 54 ---
ٱ 
 
 
52
 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.  
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the expression, “Fixed Interest Period” means the 
period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.  
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or the Broken Amount, as the case may be, is to be determined, determine 
such Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount for the relevant Fixed Interest Period. The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent of the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or the Broken Amount, as the case may be, for the relevant Fixed Interest Period as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
“Fixed Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6(a):  
(i) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual”, “Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” or “Act/Act (ICMA)” is specified, a fraction equal to 
“number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used in Rule 
251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the International Capital 
Market Association (the “ICMA Rule Book”), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 
of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non US dollar denominated straight and 
convertible bonds issued after December 31, 1998, as though the interest coupon on a 
bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)”, “Act/365 (Fixed)”, “A/365 (Fixed)” or “A/365F” is specified, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is 
being made divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360”, “Act/360” or “A/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360;

--- Page 55 ---
ٱ 
 
 
53
 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 56 ---
ٱ 
 
 
54
 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, 
Commodity Linked Interest Notes and Currency Linked Interest Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note, Index Linked Interest Note, Equity Linked Interest Note, 
Commodity Linked Interest Note and Currency Linked Interest Note bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid 
up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either:  
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 57 ---
ٱ 
 
 
55
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, 
Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Commodity Linked 
Interest Notes and Currency Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which:  
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London inter- bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or 
on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day 
of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.  
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its 
obligations under Condition 6(b)(iv) in respect of the determination of the 
Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A).  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Subject to sub-paragraph (C) below, where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either:  
(1) 
the offered quotation; or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 58 ---
ٱ 
 
 
56
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of LIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
Subject to subparagraph (C), if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Relevant Screen Page for the Reference Rate is not available (or the Relevant 
Rate does not appear on the relevant Screen Page) then the interest rate for 
the relevant period shall be the rate determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
(C) 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer: 
(1) 
shall (upon the instruction of the Administration Agent), instruct the 
Trustee to make such adjustment(s) and amendments to the 
Conditions of the Notes which the Trustee shall implement, subject to 
the provisions of this sub-paragraph (C), as the Administration Agent 
has determined appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for the Administrator/Benchmark Event and, without 
limitation, such adjustment(s) and amendments may include 
selecting a successor benchmark(s) as the reference rate and making 
related adjustment(s) and amendments to the Conditions of the Notes 
including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing exposure to such successor benchmark(s) and, in the case 
of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or  
(2) 
may, on giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount and no further interest (if applicable) 
will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph (C) is additional, and without 
prejudice, to any other Conditions of the Notes. In the event that under any 
such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or 
occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer 
shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.  
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of any adjustment(s) made pursuant

--- Page 59 ---
ٱ 
 
 
57
 
to sub-paragraph (C)(1) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
When implementing any amendments to the Conditions pursuant to sub-
paragraph (C)(1) above, neither the Trustee nor the Administration Agent 
shall consider the interests of the Noteholders or any other person and the 
Trustee shall act and rely solely and without further investigation, on any 
instruction provided to it pursuant to sub-paragraph (C)(1), nor shall the 
Trustee or the Administration Agent be liable to the Noteholders or any other 
person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such amendment 
is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(D) 
For the above purposes: 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Reference Rate, 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-
Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as 
determined by the Administration Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the 
Reference Rate, any of the following has occurred or will occur:  
(1) 
any material change in such Reference Rate; 
(2) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision 
of such Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such 
Reference Rate. 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(1) 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in respect of the Reference Rate or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been or 
will not be obtained; 
(2) 
the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate has not been or will not be included in an official register; or 
(3) 
the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate does not or will not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Reference Rate, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-
Approval Event shall not occur if the Reference Rate or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been or will not be included in an 
official 
register 
because 
its 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended if, at the time of 
such suspension, the continued provision and use of the Reference Rate is 
permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation 
during the period of such suspension.

--- Page 60 ---
ٱ 
 
 
58
 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of the Reference Rate, the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will 
reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is required in relation to the Notes, the Reference 
Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate under any 
applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body 
suspends or withdraws or will suspend or withdraw any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Reference Rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate which is required 
under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(2) 
the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate is or will be removed from any official register where inclusion 
in such register is or will be required under any applicable law in 
order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, 
and for the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not 
occur 
if 
such 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where inclusion 
in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such 
suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Reference 
Rate is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum 
Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts  
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant

--- Page 61 ---
ٱ 
 
 
59
 
Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. The Calculation Agent 
will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Interest Amount payable on the Notes in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
for any Interest Period in accordance with this Condition 6(b):  
(A) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(B) 
if “Actual/Actual”, “Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” 
is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” or “Act/Act (ICMA)” is specified, a fraction equal 
to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used 
in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the 
International Capital Market Association (the “ICMA Rule Book”), calculated 
in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non US 
dollar denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after December 31, 
1998, as though the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a 
coupon period corresponding to the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made; 
(D) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)”, “Act/365 (Fixed)”, “A/365 (Fixed)” or “A/365F” is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(E) 
if “Actual/360”, “Act/360” or “A/360” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided 
by 360; 
(F) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 62 ---
ٱ 
 
 
60
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(G) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 










360
D
D
M
M
X
30
Y
Y
X
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
ٱ 
 
 
61
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Certificates to be Final  
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions 
of this Condition 6(b), by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition (6)(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or  
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or  
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is either:

--- Page 64 ---
ٱ 
 
 
62
 
(A) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of 
the relevant Specified Currency and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, 
respectively) and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or  
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System 
(the “TARGET System”) is open and any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent of each Interest 
Amount and the Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Commodity Linked Interest 
Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth Dublin Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, 
Equity Linked Interest Notes, Commodity Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “Dublin Business Day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in Dublin.  
(e) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes  
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(f) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes  
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(g) 
Accrual of Interest  
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless either, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused and/or 
delivery of any asset deliverable in respect of such Note is improperly not made. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (1) the date on which 
all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid and/or delivery of all assets 
deliverable in respect of such Note have been delivered; and (2) five days after the date on 
which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Principal Paying

--- Page 65 ---
ٱ 
 
 
63
 
Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Note have been received by any agent appointed 
by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18,  
Provided That if the Notes become redeemable pursuant to Condition 12(b) or Condition 
12(c); and  
(A) 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (as 
defined in Condition 12(b) or (c), as the case may be, or, if the Credit Event 
Determination Date is an Interest Payment Date such Interest Payment Date or, if the 
Credit Event Determination Date, falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no 
interest shall accrue on the Notes; or  
(B) 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as being Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Credit Event 
Determination Date; and  
Provided Further That, if  
(A) 
Condition 12(d) or Condition 12(e) applies in respect of the Notes and in the case of 
Condition 12(d), a Repudiation/ Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, in the case of Condition 12(e), a Failure 
to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case 
may be; and/or  
(B) 
Condition 12(f) applies in respect of the Notes and the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date, as the 
case may be, is postponed as provided therein,  
then interest will accrue as provided in Condition 12(d), Condition 12(e) or Condition 12(f), as 
the case may be. 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity  
Except in the case of Credit Linked Notes in which case the provisions of Condition 12 apply, 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (unless 
it is an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Equity Linked Redemption Note or a Credit 
Linked Note or a Currency Linked Redemption Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its 
Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons  
If Condition 22(a) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is 
neither a Floating Rate Note nor an Index Linked Interest Note nor an Equity Linked Interest 
Note nor a Currency Linked Interest Note nor a Commodity Linked Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note or an Index Linked Interest Note or 
an Equity Linked Interest Note or a Currency Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 18, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 66 ---
ٱ 
 
 
64
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
22(a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Ireland 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.  
If Condition 22(b) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 7(b) 
shall not apply to the Notes.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)  
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, giving the Issuer an option to redeem, 
the Issuer may, having given:  
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18; and  
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent,  
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 18 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes

--- Page 67 ---
ٱ 
 
 
65
 
outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on 
the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be 
rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the 
aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal 
to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 at least 5 days prior to the 
Selection Date.  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver such 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition.  
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing in which event the Trustee, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer and 
the relevant Noteholder to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead 
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 14.  
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Note shall be calculated as 
follows:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof;  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes but including Instalment Notes 
and Partly Paid Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than 
that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or  
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y

--- Page 68 ---
ٱ 
 
 
66
 
where:  
“RP” 
means the Reference Price:  
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
“y” 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360,  
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or  
(iv) 
in the case of an Index Linked Interest Note, an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Equity Linked Interest Note, an Equity Linked Redemption Note, a Credit Linked 
Note, a Currency Linked Interest Note, a Currency Linked Redemption Note or a 
Commodity Linked Note the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal 
amount of such Notes equal to the lowest Specified Denomination will be determined 
by reference to the provisions in the applicable Final Terms.  
(f) 
Instalments  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. 
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant 
to paragraph (e) above.  
(g) 
Partly Paid Notes  
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Final Terms.  
(h) 
Illegality and Early Termination of Swap Agreement 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines in good faith either (i) that the 
performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or any related Swap Agreement has 
or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in 
the interpretation thereof, or (ii) that the related Swap Agreement (if any) has terminated, or 
will terminate for any reason on or prior to the next Interest Payment Date, then the Issuer, 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
(i) 
Early Redemption due to Acceleration of Series Collateral 
If any of the Series Collateral becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for 
whatever reason or there is a payment default (regardless of any actual or implied grace 
period which may be applicable thereto) in respect of any of the Series Collateral, the Issuer 
shall become entitled, but not obliged, upon giving not more than 30 nor less than 10 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, to redeem each Note in whole, but

--- Page 69 ---
ٱ 
 
 
67
 
not in part, on the expiration of such notice at the applicable Early Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(j) 
Purchases  
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at 
any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation.  
(k) 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (i) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.  
(l) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 14 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in paragraph (e)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and  
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18.  
8 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes and Commodity Linked Redemption Notes  
Provisions relating to the redemption of Currency Linked Redemption Notes and 
Commodity Linked Redemption Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.   
9 
Index Linked Notes  
If the Notes are specified as Index Linked Interest Notes and/or Index Linked Redemption 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms then the provisions of this Condition 9 apply, as 
applicable, as modified by the applicable Final Terms.  
(a) 
Redemption of Index Linked Redemption Notes  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each nominal amount (the 
“Specified Amount”) of the Notes equal to the lowest Specified Denomination set out in the 
applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) on the Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Adjustments to an Index  
 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index

--- Page 70 ---
ٱ 
 
 
68
 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (a “Successor Index Sponsor”) 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each 
case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index.  
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index  
If (i) on or prior to a Valuation Date the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a 
relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event 
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other 
routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”), or (ii) on a Valuation Date the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index (an “Index Disruption” and, together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then 
the Issuer may take the action described in (a) or (b) below:  
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the Reference 
Price using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index 
as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, 
but using only those securities/commodities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or  
(b) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the lowest Specified Denomination being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount.  
(iii) 
Correction of an Index  
If Correction of Index Levels is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
and the official closing level of an Index published on a Valuation Date is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Index Level”) is published 
by the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor prior to the 
Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such Corrected 
Index Level shall be deemed to be the closing level for such Index for that Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining 
the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount.  
(iv) 
Notice  
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 giving details of 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
(c) 
Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes  
For the purposes of this Condition 9:

--- Page 71 ---
ٱ 
 
 
69
 
“Disrupted Day” means:  
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or  
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Index, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred.  
“Exchange” means:  
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
securities/commodities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the securities/commodities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or  
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, in relation to each component security of that Index (each a 
“Component Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Exchange Business Day” means:  
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; or  
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
“Indices” and “Index” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 9(b), the 
indices or index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading 
Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
“Market Disruption Event” means:

--- Page 72 ---
ٱ 
 
 
70
 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the relevant Valuation Time of:  
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise:  
(x) 
on 
any 
relevant 
Exchange(s) 
relating 
to 
securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the relevant Index; or  
(y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index 
on any relevant Related Exchange; or  
(B) 
any event (other than an event described in (ii) below) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (x) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market 
values 
for, 
on 
any 
relevant 
Exchange(s) 
securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index, or (y) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange,  
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or  
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) 
relating to securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or  
(b) 
in respect of a Designated Multi-Exchange Index either:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of:  
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange in respect of such Component Security;  
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or  
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material; and

--- Page 73 ---
ٱ 
 
 
71
 
either:  
(1) 
where the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the X 
Percentage applies, the aggregate of all Component Securities in 
respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an 
Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the Index; or  
(2) 
where the applicable Final Terms specify that the X Percentage 
applies, the sum of (A) the aggregate of all Component Securities in 
respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an 
Early Closure occurs or exists, expressed as a percentage of the level 
of the Index, and (B) the X Percentage, comprises 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, 
(B) an Exchange Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts and 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material.  
As used above:  
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component Security or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, as 
the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day.  
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange.  
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security 
on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or 
a Component Security exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security/commodity included in the Index or such Component Security at that time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that security/commodity or Component Security, as the 
case may be, to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the 
level of the Index attributable to that security/commodity or Component Security, as the case 
may be, and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case either (a) except where the Index is 
a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event or (b) where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, using the

--- Page 74 ---
ٱ 
 
 
72
 
official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening 
data”.  
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to an Index Linked Redemption Note, the 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to:  
(A) 
in the case of a Call Index Linked Redemption Note:  
(i) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Index Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is greater than 
the Strike Price:  
Amount
Specified
X
Price
 
Strike
Price
Reference
; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Index Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is equal to or 
less than the Strike Price:  
100 per cent. x Specified Amount; or  
(B) 
in the case of a Put Index Linked Redemption Note:  
(i) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Index Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is less than the 
Strike Price:  
Amount
Specified
X
Price
Strike
Price
Reference
Price
Strike
cent.
per
100


; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Index Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is equal to or 
greater than the Strike Price:  
100 per cent. x Specified Amount,  
provided always that the Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than zero. 
The Redemption Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in 
the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, 
in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards.  
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date:  
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single Index, 
an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal 
to the official closing level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if 
a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
Valuation Time) on that Valuation Date (as defined below), without regard to any 
subsequently published correction; and  
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified 
Currency) equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Index as the official

--- Page 75 ---
ٱ 
 
 
73
 
closing level of each Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if a Valuation 
Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation 
Time) on that Valuation Date, without regard to any subsequently published 
correction, multiplied by the relevant Multiplier specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), Provided That where “All 
Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related 
Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index.  
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours.  
“Scheduled Trading Day” means:  
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or  
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, (i) any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of that Index, (ii) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session and (iii) where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the X Percentage applies in relation to such Index, no more than 20 per 
cent. of the Component Securities that comprise the level of the Index are scheduled 
to be unavailable for trading on the relevant Exchange(s) by virtue of such day not 
being a day upon which any such relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading sessions (such unavailable percentage being the “X 
Percentage”).  
For the purposes of determining the X Percentage, the relevant percentage contribution of 
each Component Security unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) the 
portion of the level of that Index to that Component Security relative to (b) the overall level of 
that Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”.  
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation 
Date.  
“Strike Price” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Valuation Date” means the date or, in the case of Index Linked Interest Notes, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless Disrupted Day is specified as

--- Page 76 ---
ٱ 
 
 
74
 
applying in the applicable Final Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day 
is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day then:  
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single Index, 
that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case (i) that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price in the manner set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or not so practicable, determine the 
Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security/commodity comprised in the Index (or if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or  
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Indices, that Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for 
each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an “Affected Index”) 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to 
that Index. In that case, (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date for the Affected Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where applicable, determine the 
Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that Index 
determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if 
not so practicable, using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security/commodity comprised in that Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day).  
“Valuation Time” means:  
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to each Index to be valued. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or  
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no Valuation Time is specified, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a

--- Page 77 ---
ٱ 
 
 
75
 
Market Disruption Event has occurred: (A) in respect of a Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange and (B) in respect of any options 
contracts or futures contacts on the Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related 
Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing 
level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. If, for the 
purposes of (i) above, the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
10 
Equity Linked Notes  
If the Notes are specified as Equity Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms then the provisions of this Condition 10 apply, as 
applicable, as modified by the applicable Final Terms.  
(a) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Redemption Notes  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each nominal 
amount (the “Specified Amount”) of Equity Linked Redemption Notes equal to the lowest 
Specified Denomination set out in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer 
(A) if Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date or (B) if Physical Delivery is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Asset Amount on the Maturity Date or (C) if Cash 
Settlement and/or Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms, by payment of 
the Redemption Amount and/or by delivery of the Asset Amount on the terms set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case on the Maturity Date, in each case subject as provided 
below.  
(b) 
Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation and 
Insolvency, Correction of Share Prices and Adjustments for Equity Linked Notes in respect of 
Underlying Equities quoted in European Currencies  
(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, then following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any 
Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equities and, 
if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount 
and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting, 
concentrative or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Underlying Equity) and (b) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying 
Equities traded on that options exchange.  
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, stating the adjustment to the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount, 
the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the 
Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 78 ---
ٱ 
 
 
76
 
For the purposes of this Condition 10:  
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following:  
(a)  
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying 
Equities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Underlying Equities to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;  
(b)  
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant 
Underlying Equities of (1) such Underlying Equities or (2) other share capital 
or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds 
of liquidation of an Equity Issuer equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Underlying Equities or (3) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Equity Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (4) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c)  
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(d)  
a call by an Equity Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Equities that are 
not fully paid;  
(e)  
a repurchase by an Equity Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant 
Underlying Equities whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;  
(f)  
in respect of an Equity Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights 
being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or 
other shares of the capital stock of such Equity Issuer, pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon 
any redemption of such rights; or  
(g) 
any other event that has or may have, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Underlying Equities.  
(ii) 
If (x) De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Insolvency is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms and/or (y) if Tender Offer is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case of (x)), a De-listing, Merger 
Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs or (in the case of (y)) a Tender Offer 
occurs, in each case, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may:  
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset 
Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer,

--- Page 79 ---
ٱ 
 
 
77
 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may in the case of 
adjustments following a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares; or  
(b) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the lowest Specified Denomination being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount.  
If the provisions of Condition 10(b)(ii)(a) apply the Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of the Delisting, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the 
case may be, made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying Equities 
traded on that options exchange.  
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 stating the occurrence of the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
“De-Listing” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, the Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Underlying Equities 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in 
any member state of the European Union);  
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding 
affecting, an Equity Issuer (A) all the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) 
holders of the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer become legally prohibited 
from transferring them;  
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date 
cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, any (a) 
reclassification or change of such Underlying Equities that results in a transfer of, or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer, all such Underlying Equities outstanding to 
another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of an Equity Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in any such 
reclassification or change of all such Underlying Equities outstanding), (c) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Underlying Equities of the Equity Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Underlying Equities (other than such Underlying

--- Page 80 ---
ٱ 
 
 
78
 
Equities owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Equity Issuer or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Equity Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Underlying 
Equities outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Equities (other than 
Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Underlying Equities immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger 
Date is on or before the relevant Valuation Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed 
by delivery of Underlying Equities, the Maturity Date;  
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying Equities or all or substantially all 
the assets of an Equity Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; and  
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or 
other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Equity Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon the making of filings with governmental or self regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
(iii) 
If Correction of Share Prices is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
and the price of a Share published on a Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the “Corrected Share Price”) is published on the relevant Exchange 
prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
such Corrected Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing price for such Share for 
that Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Share Price in 
determining the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount.  
(iv) 
In respect of Equity Linked Notes relating to Underlying Equities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the 
European Union that has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, if such Underlying 
Equities are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively 
in euro on the relevant Exchange, then the Calculation Agent will adjust any one or 
more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the 
Asset Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to 
preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any 
conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the Valuation 
Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this 
Condition 10(b)(iv) will affect the currency denomination of any payments in respect 
of the Notes.  
(c) 
Physical Delivery  
If any Notes are to be redeemed by delivery of the Asset Amount, in order to obtain delivery 
of the Asset Amount(s) in respect of any Note:  
(A) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Issuer not

--- Page 81 ---
ٱ 
 
 
79
 
later than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement (the “Asset Transfer Notice”); and  
(B) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to any Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice.  
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent.  
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a Global 
Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, which is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message or tested telex or (ii) if such 
Note is in definitive form, in writing.  
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice.  
The delivery of the Asset Amount shall be made in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or in such other commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery and shall notify to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18.  
All expenses including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together “Delivery 
Expenses”) arising from the delivery and/or transfer of any Asset Amount shall be for the 
account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery and/or transfer of any Asset Amount 
shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by 
the relevant Noteholder.  
An Asset Transfer Notice must:  
(1) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder, any account details 
required for delivery as set out in the applicable Final Terms and the person from 
whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount if such 
delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(2)  
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount of 
Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder’s 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited 
with such Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Noteholder’s account with 
such Notes on or before the Maturity Date;  
(3)  
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect 
thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses;  
(4)  
specify an account to which any dividends payable pursuant to this Condition 10(c) 
or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable 
are to be paid; and

--- Page 82 ---
ٱ 
 
 
80
 
(5)  
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings.  
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the 
subject of such notice.  
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of such notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as 
the Noteholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of Notes according to its books.  
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly completed and delivered as provided in these Terms and Conditions shall be made, 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder and, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the 
relevant Paying Agent after consultation with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder.  
Subject as provided in this Condition, in relation to each Note which is to be redeemed by 
delivery of the Asset Amount, the Asset Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, in the manner provided above on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with this Condition, the “Delivery Date”), provided that the Asset 
Transfer Notice is duly delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, as provided above, not later than the close of 
business in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date.  
If an Asset Transfer Notice is delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, later than the close of business in each 
place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the Maturity Date (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery 
Date) at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided above. For the avoidance of 
doubt, in such circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether 
of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the originally 
designated Delivery Date and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer.  
If, prior to the delivery of the Asset Amount in accordance with this Condition, a Settlement 
Disruption Event is subsisting, then the Delivery Date in respect of such Note shall be 
postponed until the date on which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice 
thereof shall be given to the relevant Noteholder, in accordance with Condition 18. Such 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on such 
Note as a result of any delay in the delivery of the Asset Amount pursuant to this paragraph. 
Where delivery of the Asset Amount has been postponed as provided in this paragraph the 
Issuer shall not be in breach of these Conditions and no liability in respect thereof shall attach 
to the Issuer.  
For so long as delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of any Note is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of 
the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on the third Business Day following the 
date that the notice of such election (the “Election Notice”) is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18.

--- Page 83 ---
ٱ 
 
 
81
 
For such period of time after the Maturity Date as any person other than the relevant 
Noteholder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities comprising the Asset 
Amount (the “Intervening Period”), neither the Issuer nor any other such person shall (i) be 
under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Noteholder or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such Note any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of 
such Note, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
(including voting rights) attaching to such Note during the Intervening Period or (iii) be 
under any liability to the relevant Noteholder, or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
Note in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Noteholder, or subsequent 
beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that 
person being the legal owner of such Notes during such Intervening Period.  
Any interest, dividend or other distribution in respect of any Asset Amount will be payable 
to the party that would receive such interest, dividend or other distribution according to 
market practice for a sale of the Underlying Equity executed on the Maturity Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as the Asset Amount. Any such interest dividend or other 
distribution to be paid to a Noteholder shall be paid to the account specified in the relevant 
Asset Transfer Notice.  
Where the Asset Amount is, in the determination of the Issuer, an amount other than an 
amount of Relevant Assets capable of being delivered, the Noteholders will receive an Asset 
Amount comprising of the nearest number (rounded down) of Relevant Assets capable of 
being delivered by the Issuer (taking into account that a Noteholder’s entire holding may be 
aggregated at the Issuer’s sole and absolute discretion for the purpose of delivering the Asset 
Amounts), and an amount in the Specified Currency which shall be the value of the amount 
of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion from such source(s) as it may select (converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency by reference to such exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18.  
For the purposes of this Condition 10(c):  
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
relevant Note (but not taking into account any interest accrued on such Note as such interest 
shall be paid pursuant to Condition 6) on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date that 
the Election Notice is given as provided above adjusted to take account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any related Swap Agreement or 
other underlying or related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to any options 
or selling or otherwise realising any Relevant Asset or other instruments of any type 
whatsoever which the Issuer may hold as part of such hedging arrangements), all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and  
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer, as a result 
of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms is not practicable.  
(d) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity  
If “Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when 
due, some or all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Asset Amount (the “Affected

--- Page 84 ---
ٱ 
 
 
82
 
Relevant Assets”), where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the 
Relevant Assets (a “Failure to Deliver”), then:  
(a) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be 
delivered on the originally designated Delivery Date in accordance with Condition 
10(c); and  
(b) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion, 
in lieu of delivery of the Affected Relevant Assets, to pay to the relevant Noteholder 
the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day 
following the date the Failure to Deliver Notice (as defined below) is given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18. The Issuer shall give notice (such notice a “Failure 
to Deliver Notice”) as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 that the provisions of this Condition 10(d) apply.  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.  
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” means, in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes 
equal to the lowest Specified Denomination, the fair market value of the Affected Relevant 
Assets on the fifth Business Day prior to the date on which the Failure to Deliver Notice is 
given as provided above, less the proportionate cost to the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting 
any related Swap Agreement or other underlying or related hedging arrangements in respect 
of the Notes, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  
(e) 
Definitions applicable to Equity Linked Notes  
For the purposes of this Condition 10:  
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
“Equity Issuer” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the issuer of such Underlying 
Equity.  
“Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Equity 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange).  
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time.  
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity:

--- Page 85 ---
ٱ 
 
 
83
 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time of:  
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise:  
(A) 
relating to the Underlying Equity on the Exchange; or  
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Equity on 
any relevant Related Exchange; or  
(ii) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, the Underlying Equities on the Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Underlying Equity on any relevant Related Exchange,  
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or  
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day or if 
earlier (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day.  
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to an Equity Linked Redemption Note, the 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to:  
(i) 
in the case of a Call Equity Linked Redemption Note:  
(a) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Equity Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is greater 
than the Strike Price:  
Amount
Specified
X
Price
 
Strike
Price
Reference
; or 
(b) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Equity Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is equal to or 
less than the Strike Price:  
100 per cent. x Specified Amount; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Put Equity Linked Redemption Note  
(a) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Equity Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is less than 
the Strike Price:

--- Page 86 ---
ٱ 
 
 
84
 
Amount
Specified
X
Price
Strike
Price
Reference
Price
Strike
cent.
per
100


; or 
(b) 
if the Reference Price, in relation to the Valuation Date specified for such 
Equity Linked Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms, is equal to or 
greater than the Strike Price:  
100 per cent. x Specified Amount,  
provided always that the Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than zero. The 
Redemption Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards.  
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date:  
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Equity, an amount equal to the official closing price on that Valuation 
Date (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms the price at the Valuation Time 
on that Valuation Date) of the Underlying Equity quoted on the Exchange without 
regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such price (or, as the case 
may be, no such official closing price) can be determined at such time and, if either 
Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and that 
Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day is specified as not 
applying in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the fair market buying price at the 
Valuation Time on that Valuation Date and the fair market selling price at the 
Valuation Time on that Valuation Date for the Underlying Equity based, at the 
Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices 
or the middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying 
Equity or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide). The amount 
determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, into the Specified Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount shall be the Reference Price; and  
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Equities, an amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Equity as the official closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price at the Valuation Time on that 
Valuation Date) of the Underlying Equity quoted on the relevant Exchange without 
regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such price (or, as the case 
may be, any such official closing price) can be determined at such time and, if 
Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, and that 
Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day is specified as not 
applying in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the fair market buying price at the 
Valuation Time (or, as the case may be, of the closing fair market buying price) on 
that Valuation Date and the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time (or, as the 
case may be, of the closing fair market selling price) on that Valuation Date for the 
Underlying Equity based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to 
it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of the Underlying Equity or on such other factors as the

--- Page 87 ---
ٱ 
 
 
85
 
Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the Multiplier specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each value determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be 
converted, if Exchange Rate is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted 
amounts shall be the Reference Price.  
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such in relation to such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), Provided That where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity.  
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours.  
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions.  
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation 
Date.  
“Strike Price” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Underlying Equities” and “Underlying Equity” mean the equity securities or equity 
security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
“Valuation Date” means the date or, in the case of Equity Linked Interest Notes, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless Disrupted Day is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day 
is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day:  
(a) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Equity, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or not so practicable, 
determine the Reference Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the 
Reference Price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; or  
(b) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Equities, that Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and that

--- Page 88 ---
ٱ 
 
 
86
 
Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity affected (each an “Affected Equity”) by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Equity unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Equity. In that case (i) that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date for the Affected 
Equity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price using, in 
relation to the Affected Equity, a price determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not so practicable, using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Equity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions.  
“Valuation Time” means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Valuation Date in relation to each Underlying Equity to be valued. If the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time.  
11 
Additional Disruption Events (applicable to Index Linked Notes and Equity Linked Notes 
only)  
(a) 
Additional Disruption Event  
If the Notes are Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes and Additional Disruption 
Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then if an Additional 
Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in (i) or (ii) below:  
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the 
Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or  
(ii) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest 
Specified Denomination being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
(b) 
Definitions applicable to Additional Disruption Events  
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing (applicable only for 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes) and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change

--- Page 89 ---
ٱ 
 
 
87
 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (X) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Equity (in the case of 
Equity Linked Notes) or any relevant security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case 
of Index Linked Notes) or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates).  
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Underlying Equities (in the case of Equity Linked 
Notes) or securities/commodities comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes.  
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.  
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer would incur a rate to borrow any 
Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or any security/commodity 
comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate.  
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity 
Linked Notes) or a security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes), the Initial Stock Loan Rate specified in relation to such Underlying Equity, security or 
commodity in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Insolvency Filing” means that an Equity Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a 
petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not 
consented to by the Equity Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.  
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Underlying 
Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or any securities/commodities comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 90 ---
ٱ 
 
 
88
 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of 
Equity Linked Notes) or a security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
12 
Credit Linked Notes  
If the Notes are specified as Credit Linked Notes in the applicable Final Terms then the 
provisions of this Condition 12 apply as modified by the applicable Final Terms.  
(a) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject to Conditions to 
Settlement being satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period, each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the lowest Specified Denomination set out in the applicable Final Terms will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date.  
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period then (i) if Cash 
Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 12(b) shall 
apply or (ii) if Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 12(c) shall apply.  
(b) 
Cash Settlement  
If Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Conditions to Settlement are 
satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period (such date of satisfaction, the “Credit Event 
Determination Date”), the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a “Settlement Notice”) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest Specified Denomination set out in the 
applicable Final Terms being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date.  
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Notes become redeemable in accordance with 
this Condition 12(b), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in respect of 
the Notes the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall 
have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event 
Redemption Amount may be less than the lowest Specified Denomination of a Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer.  
(c)  
Physical Settlement  
If Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Terms and Conditions to Settlement are 
satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period (such date of satisfaction, the “Credit Event 
Determination Date”), the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a “Notice of Physical 
Settlement”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest Specified 
Denomination set out in the applicable Final Terms being redeemed by the Issuer by Delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount, subject to and in accordance 
with Conditions 12(g) and (h).  
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the 
Asset Amount, irrespective of their market value.

--- Page 91 ---
ٱ 
 
 
89
 
If “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in 
a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount 
only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than 
the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date.  
If “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be 
included in the Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date.  
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Notes become redeemable in accordance with 
this Condition 12(c), upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations Deliverable and/or 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall have 
discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or 
obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or 
the Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the Specified Denomination of a Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer.  
(d) 
 Repudiation/Moratorium Extension  
Where Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, 
the provisions of this Condition 12(d) shall apply.  
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to a date which is no 
fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date but the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on a date which is no fewer 
than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date or, if Condition 12(f)(y) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in 
respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium will, in the sole determination of the 
Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Termination Date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Noteholders no fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date in accordance with Condition 18 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and:  
(i)  
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date:  
(A) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest Specified Denomination 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and  
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Termination Date or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable 
and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; and  
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/ 
Moratorium Evaluation Date and Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in the Notice

--- Page 92 ---
ٱ 
 
 
90
 
Delivery Period, the provisions of Condition 12(b) or Condition 12(c), as applicable, 
shall apply to the Notes.  
Euronext Dublin will be notified in respect of any such postponement of the Maturity Date 
pursuant to this Condition 12(d).  
(e) 
Grace Period Extension  
If “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Condition 12(e) shall apply.  
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to a date which is no 
fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date but a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace 
Period is applicable on a date which is no fewer than two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled 
Termination Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders no fewer than two 
Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date in accordance with Condition 18 that 
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and:  
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension 
Date:  
(A) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest Specified Denomination 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; and  
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Termination Date or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no 
further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; and  
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date 
and Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in the Notice Delivery Period, the 
provisions of Condition 12(b) or Condition 12(c), as applicable, shall apply to the 
Notes.  
Euronext Dublin will be notified in respect of such postponement of the Maturity Date 
pursuant to this Condition 12(e).  
(f) 
Maturity Date Extension  
If:  
(x) 
on (A) a date which is no fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date or, (B), if applicable, a date which is no fewer than two Business 
Days prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or (C) if Grace Period 
Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a date which is no 
fewer than two Business Days prior to the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case 
may be, Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied but, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred; or

--- Page 93 ---
ٱ 
 
 
91
 
(y) 
on a date which is no fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred,  
the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, no fewer 
than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, that the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension 
Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to a date (such date the “Postponed Maturity 
Date”) specified in such notice falling 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date, 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case 
may be, and  
where:  
(i) 
in the case of Condition 12(f)(x), Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Maturity Date or, in the case of Condition 12(f)(y), the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the 
Postponed Maturity Date:  
(A) 
subject as provided below, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest 
Specified Denomination will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date; 
and  
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Termination Date or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date and no further 
or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or  
(ii) 
where  
(A) 
in the case of Condition 12(f)(x), Conditions to Settlement are satisfied on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Condition 12(b) or 
12(c) as applicable shall apply to the Notes; or  
(B) 
in the case of Condition 12(f)(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the 
provisions of Condition 12(d) shall apply to the Notes.  
Euronext Dublin will be notified in respect of any such postponement of the Maturity Date 
pursuant to this Condition 12(f).  
(g) 
Physical Delivery  
(i) 
If any Note is to be redeemed by delivery of the Asset Amount(s), in order to obtain 
delivery of such Asset Amount(s):  
(A) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy 
to the Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of reception on 
the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; and

--- Page 94 ---
ٱ 
 
 
92
 
(B) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver this 
Note to any Paying Agent with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, together with a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice.  
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent.  
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a 
Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing 
or by authenticated SWIFT message.  
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice.  
An Asset Transfer Notice must:  
(1) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder, the person from 
whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount and 
any details required for delivery of the Asset Amount set out in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(2) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the 
Noteholder’s account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the 
relevant Noteholder’s account with such Notes on or before the Settlement 
Date;  
(3) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses;  
(4) 
specify an account to which any amounts payable pursuant to Condition 
12(h) or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being payable are to be paid; and  
(5) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings.  
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer 
the Notes which are the subject of such notice.  
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of such notice, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the 
person specified therein as the Noteholder is the holder of the specified nominal 
amount of Notes according to its books.  
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice 
has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Terms and

--- Page 95 ---
ٱ 
 
 
93
 
Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, after consultation with 
the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder and, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent 
after consultation with the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer 
and the relevant Noteholder.  
Delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in respect of each Note shall be made at the risk of 
the relevant Noteholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation 
Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the 
Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or in such manner as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject as 
provided above, deliver the Deliverable Obligations constituting the Asset Amount 
in respect of the relevant Notes as soon as practicable after the receipt of the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice, Provided That if, in respect of a Note, a Noteholder 
fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice prior to the day falling 180 calendar days after 
the Cut-Off Date, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Notes shall be 
discharged and the Issuer shall not have any liability in respect thereof.  
(ii) 
All Delivery Expenses arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of 
any Notes shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery of any 
Asset Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder.  
After delivery of an Asset Amount in respect of a Note and for the Intervening 
Period, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person shall at any 
time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder any 
letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, 
payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of the securities or 
obligations included in such Asset Amount, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or 
procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities or obligations 
included in such Asset Amount or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities or obligations included in such 
Asset Amount.  
(iii) 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting any Asset Amount, the Issuer 
will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Obligation as 
provided below on the Settlement Date Provided That if all or some of the 
Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount in respect of a Note are 
Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer 
shall continue to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations 
or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, on or before the 30th Business 
Day following the Settlement Date (the “Final Delivery Date”),  
Provided Further That if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery 
Date the provisions of Condition 12(h) shall apply.

--- Page 96 ---
ٱ 
 
 
94
 
(h) 
Partial Cash Settlement  
If all or a portion of the Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount in respect of a Note are not Delivered by the Final Delivery 
Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Cash Settlement Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Cash Settlement Amount 
on the Cash Settlement Date.  
In the Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 
12(h) the following terms shall be defined as follows:  
“Cash Settlement Amount” is deemed to be, for each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable 
Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to 
such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, less if 
applicable (C) Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into 
account in calculating the relevant Asset Amount), and (ii) zero.  
“Cash Settlement Date” is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the 
calculation of the Final Price.  
“Indicative Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably 
practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as 
the case may be, equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer’s 
reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation Dealer may consider 
relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates.  
“Market Value” means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations 
having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and exactly 
three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such 
Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are 
applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of “Quotation” below, an amount as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average

--- Page 97 ---
ٱ 
 
 
95
 
Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if the 
Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value shall be zero.  
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation 
obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that 
follows:  
(i)  
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within 
three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full 
Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such 
Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative 
Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers.  
(ii)  
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day 
on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations 
shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day of, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for 
the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, 
obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day 
with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative 
Quotations) were not obtained on such day.  
(iii)  
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in 
the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this 
specification or determination.  
(iv)  
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance for purposes of determining the Final Price.  
“Quotation Amount” is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant 
Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, as the case may be.  
“Quotation Method” is deemed to be Bid.

--- Page 98 ---
ٱ 
 
 
96
 
“Reference Obligation” is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be.  
“Valuation Method” is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained or a Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), 
in which case “Valuation Method” is deemed to be Market.  
“Valuation Time” is the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no time is 
so specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be.  
“Weighted Average Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or 
the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance 
of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount.  
(i) 
 Redemption following a Merger Event  
If “Merger Event” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and redeem each Note at the Early 
Redemption Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date.  
(j) 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes  
“Accreted Amount” means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to (a) 
the sum of (i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the amount 
payable at maturity that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the obligation (or as 
otherwise described below), less (b) any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, 
under the terms of such obligation, reduce the amount payable at maturity (unless such cash 
payments have been accounted for in (a)(ii) above), in each case calculated as of the earlier of 
(A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the amount of a claim in 
respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest 
payments (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) only if 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If an 
Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such 
Obligation’s yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, the terms of such 
Obligation, then, for the purposes of (a)(ii) above, the Accreted Amount shall be calculated 
using a rate equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation. Such yield shall be determined 
on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such obligation and 
the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be determined as 
of the earlier of (A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the 
amount of a claim in respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation 
Date, as the case may be. The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable 
Obligation, any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of 
the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable.  
“Accreting Obligation” means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible 
Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an 
amount payable upon acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to 
the face amount thereof) plus an additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue 
discount or other accruals of interest or principal not payable on a periodic basis) that will or 
may accrete, whether or not (a) payment of such additional amounts is subject to a

--- Page 99 ---
ٱ 
 
 
97
 
contingency or determined by reference to a formula or index, or (b) periodic cash interest is 
also payable.  
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.  
“Asset Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the lowest 
Specified Denomination, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, with:  
(i)  
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) if “Include Accrued Interest” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, but excluding accrued but unpaid interest if “Exclude 
Accrued Interest” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms, excluding accrued but unpaid interest); or  
(ii)  
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and 
Payable Amount,  
(or, in the case of either (i) or (ii), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the lowest Specified 
Denomination less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
Deliverable Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during 
the period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the 
Delivery Date equal to the Unwind Costs.  
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount 
greater than the Outstanding Principal Balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be 
payable upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event or circumstance.  
“Asset Transfer Notice” means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement.  
“Bankruptcy” means a Reference Entity:  
(a)  
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(b)  
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due;  
(c)  
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors;  
(d)  
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of

--- Page 100 ---
ٱ 
 
 
98
 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof or before the Scheduled Termination Date, whichever is earlier;  
(e)  
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(f)  
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets;  
(g)  
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter or before the Scheduled 
Termination Date, whichever is earlier; or  
(h)  
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) 
to (g) (inclusive).  
“Best Available Information” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities 
regulator or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma 
financial information which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred 
or which provides such information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons 
whose approval of the Succession Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma 
financial information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of 
unconsolidated, pro forma financial information but before the Calculation Agent 
makes its determination for the purposes of the definition of “Successor”, other 
relevant information that is contained in any written communication provided by the 
Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock exchange, 
shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is 
required; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities 
regulators or primary stock exchange, or which does not provide to shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the 
information contemplated in (i) above, the best publicly available information at the 
disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow it to make a determination for the 
purposes of the definition of “Successor”.  
Information which is made available more than fourteen calendar days after the 
legally effective date of the Succession Event shall not constitute “Best Available 
Information”.  
“Calculation Agent City Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any

--- Page 101 ---
ٱ 
 
 
99
 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so 
long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment 
or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to 
be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of “Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation”.  
For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of 
the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation, such determination shall be made as 
of the Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been 
obtained by the Issuer.  
“Conditions to Settlement” means the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Credit Event Notice that is effective and if notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information, that is effective, in each case, during the Notice Delivery Period.  
“Convertible Obligation” means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, 
whether the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders 
of such obligation).  
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring, or any 
additional Credit Event specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to 
a defence based upon:  
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation;  
(b)  
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described;  
(c)  
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or 
apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
however described; or  
(d)  
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described.

--- Page 102 ---
ٱ 
 
 
100
 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may 
be by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the 
obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred at or after 12.01 a.m. 
Greenwich Mean Time on the Trade Date and at or prior to 11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean 
Time, on the latest of:  
(a) 
the Scheduled Termination Date;  
(b) 
where “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Termination 
Date; and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs at 
or prior to 11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean Time, on the Scheduled Termination Date; 
and  
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if:  
(i) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/ Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Termination Date;  
(ii) 
the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/ 
Moratorium occurs at or prior to 11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean Time, on the 
Scheduled Termination Date; and  
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.  
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A 
Credit Event Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in 
Condition 18.  
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:  
(A x B) – C  
where:  
“A” is the lowest Specified Denomination;  
“B” is the Final Price; and  
“C” is Unwind Costs,  
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Amount be less than zero.  
“Credit Event Redemption Date” means the day falling the number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms after the calculation of the Final Price.  
“Currency Amount” means, whenever an amount is denominated in a currency other than 
the Settlement Currency and is specified to be determined by reference to a Currency 
Amount, such amount converted to the relevant Settlement Currency using the Currency 
Rate.

--- Page 103 ---
ٱ 
 
 
101
 
“Currency Rate” means:  
(a) 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the rate of conversion of the 
currency of the Deliverable Obligation into the Settlement Currency by reference to:  
(i) 
if the Settlement Currency is U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 10:00 a.m. (New York time) mid point rate as displayed on Reuters page 
FEDSPOT on the date that the Notice of Physical Settlement is deemed given, 
or in such other commercially reasonable manner as it shall determine; or  
(ii) 
if the Settlement Currency is euro, the MEAN price as displayed on Reuters 
Page EUROFX/1 as of 12:00 p.m. (London time) on the date that the Notice of 
Physical Settlement is deemed given, or in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it shall determine; or  
(b) 
if the Settlement Currency is not U.S. Dollars or euro, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Credit Event.  
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the 
manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall 
include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the Asset Amount(s) to the relevant Noteholder 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including without 
limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set out in (a) to (d) in the definition of “Credit Event” above or right of set-off by or of 
the Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor) provided that if all or a portion 
of an Asset Amount consists of Direct Loan Participations, “Deliver” means to create (or 
procure the creation) of a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and to the extent 
that the Deliverable Obligations consist of Qualifying Guarantees, “Deliver” means to 
Deliver both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation. “Delivery” and 
“Delivered” will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected 
using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the 
relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time.  
“Deliverable Obligation” means, subject as provided in Condition 12(c):  
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly, as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the 
method described in “(A) Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations” below 
(but excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that (i) is payable in an  amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, 
defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in 
paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event” above)) or right of set off by 
or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case 
of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at 
the Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or

--- Page 104 ---
ٱ 
 
 
102
 
holders against the Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered apart from the giving 
of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being understood 
that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural 
requirement;  
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of the definition of “Not Contingent” in “(A) Method 
for Determining Deliverable Obligations” below, each Reference Obligation, unless 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Excluded Deliverable Obligation;  
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference 
Entity, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not 
subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a)-(d) of the definition of “Credit Event” above) or 
right of set-off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor 
and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or 
on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for an amount at least 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being 
Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural 
requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered a procedural requirement; and  
(d) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this 
definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, the term “Deliverable Obligation” 
may be defined as each obligation of each Reference Entity described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, 
subject to (B)(3) below, having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as 
of the Delivery Date. The following terms shall have the following meanings:  
(1) 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” below, 
except that, for the purpose of determining Deliverable Obligations, 
the definition of “Reference Obligations Only” shall be amended to 
state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligations Only).  
(2) 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of 
Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” below), 
Not Contingent, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct 
Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer where:  
(i) 
“Not Contingent” means any obligation having as of the 
Delivery Date and all times thereafter an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or, in the case of obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, that pursuant

--- Page 105 ---
ٱ 
 
 
103
 
to the terms of such obligation may not be reduced as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance 
(other 
than 
payment). 
A 
Convertible 
Obligation, an Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting 
Obligation shall constitute Deliverable Obligations that are 
Not Contingent if such Deliverable Obligation otherwise 
meets the requirements of the preceding sentence so long as, 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable 
Obligation, the right (A) to convert or exchange such 
obligation or (B) to require the issuer to purchase or redeem 
such obligation (if the issuer has exercised the right to pay 
the purchase or redemption price, in whole or in part, in 
Equity Securities) has not been exercised (or such exercise 
has been effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery 
Date.  
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, then such Reference Obligation 
may be included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the 
rights referred to in clauses (A) and (B) of paragraph (i) 
above have not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date.  
(ii) 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent;  
(iii) 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such loan) or any agent;  
(iv) 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of 
which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides 
each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for 
a specified share in any payments due under the relevant 
Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder 
and either (A) the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer is then 
a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent 
such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate);  
(v) 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following

--- Page 106 ---
ٱ 
 
 
104
 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions:  
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for 
resale of an obligation); or  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds;  
(vi) 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity from the Settlement Date of not greater 
than the period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(vii) 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which 
the total amount owed, whether at maturity, by reason of 
acceleration, upon termination or otherwise (other than 
amounts in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-
ups and other similar amounts), is, or on or prior to the 
Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but 
for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under 
any applicable insolvency laws; and  
(viii) 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument 
are 
cleared 
via 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system.  
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions.  
(1) 
If the Obligation Characteristic “Listed” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though Listed had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected 
Obligation Category;  
(2) 
if (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or 
“Not Bearer” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if 
Bonds are covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; 
(ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Transferable” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only 
be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are

--- Page 107 ---
ٱ 
 
 
105
 
covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) any 
of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Assignable Loan”, 
“Consent Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans 
and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the selected 
Deliverable Obligation Category;  
(3) 
if any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is 
specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more than one 
of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan 
Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any 
one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need 
not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics; and  
(4) 
in the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Guarantee, the following will apply:  
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or 
the 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category, 
the 
Qualifying 
Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying 
Obligation.  
(ii) 
For purposes of 
the 
application of 
the 
Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms from the following list: Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency and Not 
Domestic Law. For these purposes, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the lawful 
currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro shall 
not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the laws of England and 
the laws of the State of New York shall not be a Domestic 
Law.  
(iii) 
For purposes of 
the 
application of 
the 
Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
only the Qualifying Guarantee must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Obligation Characteristic or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic of Not Subordinated, if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
(iv) 
For purposes of 
the 
application of 
the 
Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: Listed, Not 
Contingent, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan,

--- Page 108 ---
ٱ 
 
 
106
 
Consent 
Required 
Loan, 
Direct 
Loan 
Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured 
and Not Bearer.  
(v) 
For purposes of 
the 
application of 
the 
Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor.  
(vi) 
The terms “Outstanding Principal Balance” and “Due and 
Payable Amount” (as they are used in these Terms and 
Conditions, including without limitation, the definitions of 
“Cash Settlement Amount” and “Quotation Amount” in 
Condition 12(h)), when used in connection with Qualifying 
Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then “Outstanding 
Principal Balance” or “Due and Payable Amount”, as 
applicable, of the Underlying Obligation which is supported 
by a Qualifying Guarantee.  
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (B) apply in 
respect of the definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the 
context admits.  
“Delivery Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date such Deliverable 
Obligation is Delivered.  
“Delivery Expenses” means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the Delivery of the 
Asset Amount.  
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
any successor currency. If no currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Domestic 
Currency shall be the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant 
Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the 
relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. In no event 
shall Domestic Currency include any successor currency if such successor currency is the 
lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United 
States of America or the euro (or any successor currency to any such currency).  
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity, at the date of the event giving rise to the Credit 
Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice, the Delivery Date or the time of 
identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation (as applicable), whose outstanding Voting 
Shares are more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
“Voting Shares” shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the 
board of directors or similar governing body of an entity.  
“Due and Payable Amount” means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (4)(vi) of 
paragraph (B) (Interpretation of Provisions) in the definition of Deliverable Obligation, the 
amount that is due and payable under (and in accordance with the terms of) a Deliverable 
Obligation on the Delivery Date, whether by reason of acceleration, maturity, termination or 
otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other 
similar amounts).  
“Eligible Transferee” means each of the following:  
(a)  
(i)  
any bank or other financial institution;

--- Page 109 ---
ٱ 
 
 
107
 
 
(ii)  
an insurance or reinsurance company;  
(iii) 
a mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than 
an entity specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and  
(ix) 
a registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship),  
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets or at least U.S.$500 
million;  
(b)  
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding sub-paragraph (a);  
(c)  
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity:  
(i)  
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or 
(2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; 
or  
(ii)  
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or  
(iii)  
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d); and  
(d)  
a Sovereign, Sovereign Agency or Supranational Organisation. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies. 
“Equity Securities” means:  
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing equity 
securities of the issuer of such obligation together with any other property 
distributed to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to 
time; and  
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts 
representing those equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such 
obligation together with any other property distributed to or made available to 
holders of those equity securities from time to time.  
“Exchangeable Obligation” means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar 
agent acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, 
whether the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders 
of such obligation).  
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as 
such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
ٱ 
 
 
108
 
“Excluded Obligation” means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a 
type described in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Failure to Pay” means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure.  
“Final Delivery Date” is as defined in Condition 12(g).  
“Final Price” means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, 
expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, where applicable, Condition 12(k). The Calculation Agent shall 
as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, make available for 
inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (i) each such 
Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a 
written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price.  
“Full Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to the 
Quotation Amount.  
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a 
Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement 
for consent for purposes of this definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. For purposes of 
determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of 
“Fully Transferable Obligation”, such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for 
the relevant Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the 
Issuer.  
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction 
of organisation of a Reference Entity.  
“Grace Period” means:  
(a)  
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred;  
(b)  
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred no fewer than two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, 
expire on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the Grace Period shall be 
deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the

--- Page 111 ---
ٱ 
 
 
109
 
applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
thirty calendar days; and  
(c)  
if, at the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which an Obligation is issued or 
incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to 
payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms 
of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be 
deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall 
expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Date.  
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days 
specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so 
specified, in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.  
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if:  
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs no fewer than two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date, the day falling the number of days in the Grace Period 
after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
“Hedge Disruption Event” means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event as a 
result of which the Issuer has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the 
terms of any related Swap Agreement or other transaction entered into by the Issuer to hedge 
the obligations or position of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  
“Hedge Disruption Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset 
Amount which, on the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation 
Agent determines cannot be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event.  
“Intervening Period” means such period of time as any person other than the relevant 
Noteholder shall continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other 
obligations comprising the Asset Amount.  
“Market Value” means, with respect to a Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date:  
(a)  
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);  
(b)  
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);  
(c)  
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations;  
(d)  
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, 
such Weighted Average Quotation;

--- Page 112 ---
ٱ 
 
 
110
 
(e)  
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation 
is obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and  
(f)  
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighed Average Quotation are not obtained on 
or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market 
Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted 
average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade 
Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Termination Date the Issuer or a Reference Entity 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer and a Reference Entity 
become Affiliates.  
“Minimum Quotation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, 
the lower of (a) USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) 
the Quotation Amount.  
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in and established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in 
loans, securities and other financial assets.  
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the date that is the later of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (y) 60 months 
following the Restructuring Date in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan, or 30 months 
following the Restructuring Date in the case of all other Deliverable Obligations.  
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including (a) the Scheduled Termination Date; (b) the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) 
“Grace Period Extension” is specified as applying in the applicable Terms, (ii) the Credit 
Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the 
Scheduled Termination Date, and (iii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure 
to 
Pay 
occurs 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Date; 
(c) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled 
Termination Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; or (d) the Postponed Maturity 
Date if the Maturity Date is postponed pursuant to Condition 12(k).  
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent 
has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice. In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of 
both clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. The notice given must

--- Page 113 ---
ٱ 
 
 
111
 
contain a copy or description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the 
requirements regarding notices in Condition 12(k).  
“Obligation” means:  
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly, as a provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the 
method described in “Method for Determining Obligations” below (but excluding 
any Excluded Obligation);  
(b) 
each Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless specified as 
an Excluded Obligation; and  
(c) 
any Additional Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Method for Determining Obligations. For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
“Obligation”, the term “Obligation” may be defined as each obligation of each Reference 
Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, as of the date of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice. The following terms shall have the following meanings:  
(A) 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, where:  
(1) 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, without 
limitation, Borrowed Money;  
(2) 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a 
revolving credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid 
drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed 
money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of 
credit);  
(3) 
“Reference Obligations Only” means any obligation that is a Reference 
Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligations Only;  
(4) 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” 
Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note 
(other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or 
other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money;  
(5) 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” 
Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving

--- Page 114 ---
ٱ 
 
 
112
 
loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; and  
(6) 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan.  
(B) 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the applicable Final Terms, where:  
(1) 
(a) 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to 
the most senior Reference Obligation in priority of payment or, if no 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
For purposes of determining whether an obligation satisfies the “Not 
Subordinated” Obligation. Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the ranking in priority of payment of each Reference 
Obligation shall be determined as of the later of (1) the Trade Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (2) the date on which 
such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and shall not 
reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such 
later date;  
(b)  
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the 
“Subordinated Obligation”) and another obligation of the Reference 
Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “Senior 
Obligation”), a contractual, trust or other similar arrangement 
providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders 
of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in 
respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that 
the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default 
under the Senior Obligation. “Subordinated” will be construed 
accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, the existence of 
preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be taken 
into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign;  
(2)  
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified 
Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies, which currencies 
shall be referred to collectively in the applicable Final Terms as the 
“Standard Specified Currencies”);  
(3)  
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
a Sovereign or Supranational Organisation, including, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as “Paris Club debt”;

--- Page 115 ---
ٱ 
 
 
113
 
(4)  
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the Domestic Currency;  
(5)  
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the laws 
of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or 
(b) the jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Reference Entity, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign;  
(6)  
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased 
and sold on an exchange; and  
(7)  
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was, at the time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be) or incurred, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or 
qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified 
for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be 
deemed not to be intended for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.  
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is 
denominated.  
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before 
they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference 
Entity under one or more Obligations.  
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (4)(vi) of 
paragraph (B) (Interpretation of Provisions) in the definition of Deliverable Obligation:  
(a)  
with respect to any Accreting Obligation, the Accreted Amount thereof; and  
(b) 
with respect to any other obligation, the outstanding principal balance of such 
obligation,  
Provided That with respect to any Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting 
Obligation, “Outstanding Principal Balance” shall exclude any amount that may be payable 
under the terms of such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which 
such obligation is exchangeable.  
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.

--- Page 116 ---
ٱ 
 
 
114
 
“Permitted Currency” means (i) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country 
that becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership), or (ii) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and has a local currency long 
term debt rating of either AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor’s, a division of 
The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof, Aaa or 
higher assigned to it by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating 
business thereof or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch Ratings or any successor to the 
rating business thereof.  
“Physical Settlement Period” means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect 
to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Asset Amount, the longest number of Business 
Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable 
Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to 
the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure.  
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.  
“Publicly Available Information” means:  
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination 
that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has 
occurred and which:  
(i) 
has been published in or not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain 
such information provided that, if either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
is cited as the sole source of such information, then such information shall 
not be deemed to be Publicly Available Information unless either the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for an Obligation;  
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the 
case may be, a Sovereign Agency in respect of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent for an Obligation; or  
(iii) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding 
described in paragraph (d) of the definition of Bankruptcy against or by a 
Reference Entity; or  
(iv) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body.  
(b) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (i) the sole source of information in its 
capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for an Obligation and (ii) a holder of the Obligation with respect to which a Credit

--- Page 117 ---
ٱ 
 
 
115
 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver to the Issuer a 
certificate signed by a Managing Director (or other substantially equivalent title) of 
the Calculation Agent, which shall certify the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to a Reference Entity.  
(c) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (a) (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the entity disclosing such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties.  
(d) 
Publicly Available Information need not state:  
(i) 
in relation to the definition of “Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of 
Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity; and  
(ii) 
that such occurrence:  
(A)  
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement;  
(B)  
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or  
(C)  
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events.  
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if a source is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of 
Bloomberg Service, Dow Jones Telerate Service, Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow 
Jones News Wire, Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, Asahi 
Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos and The Australian 
Financial Review (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources).  
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference 
Entity.  
“Qualifying Guarantee” means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant 
to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal 
arrangement) to pay all amounts due under an obligation (the “Underlying Obligation”) for 
which another party is the obligor (the “Underlying Obligor”) and that is not at the time of 
the Credit Event Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Underlying Obligor (with references in the definition of Subordination to the Reference Entity 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor). Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any 
arrangement structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit 
or equivalent legal arrangement. The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of 
being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation.  
“Qualifying Participation Seller” means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be 
no Qualifying Participation Seller.  
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:

--- Page 118 ---
ٱ 
 
 
116
 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within 
three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full 
Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable 
Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no 
Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the 
Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount 
for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on 
such day.  
(b) 
(i) 
If “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Quotations, such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
if “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Quotations, such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; and  
(iii) 
if neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Quotations, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine based on then current market practice in 
the market of the Reference Obligation, whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All Quotations shall be 
obtained in accordance with this specification or determination.  
(c) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance for the purposes of determining the Final Price.  
“Quotation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained).  
“Quotation Dealer” means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which 
Quotations are to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If no Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers in its sole and absolute discretion. Upon 
a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active 
dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation 
Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s).  
“Quotation Method” means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms by reference to one of the following terms:

--- Page 119 ---
ٱ 
 
 
117
 
(a) 
“Bid” means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers;  
(b) 
“Offer” means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
or  
(c) 
“Mid-market” means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer’s quotation.  
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bid shall apply.  
“Reference Entity” means the entity or entities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. Any Successor to a Reference Entity identified pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” in this Condition 12(j) shall be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the 
relevant Series.  
“Reference Obligation” means each obligation specified or of a type described as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference 
Obligation.  
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations constituting Bonds and Loans of the 
Reference Entity outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession Event, 
excluding any debt obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
entity which succeeds to such Relevant Obligations on the basis of the Best Available 
Information. If the date on which the Best Available Information becomes available or is filed 
precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession Event, any assumptions as to the 
allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the Best Available 
Information will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event, whether or not this is in fact the case.  
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events:  
(i)  
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority:  
 
(x)  
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or  
(y)  
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether 
de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and  
(ii)  
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect 
to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs no fewer than two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential

--- Page 120 ---
ٱ 
 
 
118
 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable 
Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after 
the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Condition” 
means 
the 
delivery 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Notice of Publicly Available Information by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
that is effective during the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
Scheduled Termination Date or, if Condition 12(f)(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice (which may be by 
telephone) from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the 
right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
that occurred on or after the Trade Date and on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that 
is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the 
date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective.  
“Restructuring” means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of the 
Obligation to bind all the holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) 
by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation, and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation 
in effect as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred:  
(i)  
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals;  
(ii)  
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at 
scheduled redemption dates;  
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium;  
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or  
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to 
any currency which is not a Permitted Currency.  
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring:  
(a) 
the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;  
(b) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) 
to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax

--- Page 121 ---
ٱ 
 
 
119
 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and  
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) 
to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result 
from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity.  
For purposes of the definition of Restructuring and Condition 10(l), the term “Obligation” 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee. In the case of a 
Qualifying Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the 
definition of Restructuring and the definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this 
definition of Restructuring shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.  
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the Restructuring that is the subject of a Credit Event Notice has occurred.  
“Restructuring Date” means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which 
a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring.  
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means the date that is the earlier of (x) thirty 
months following the Restructuring Date and (y) the latest final maturity date of any 
Restructured Bond or Loan, provided, however, that under no circumstances shall the 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date be earlier than the Scheduled Termination Date or 
later than thirty months following the Scheduled Termination Date and if it is, it shall be 
deemed to be the Scheduled Termination Date or thirty months following the Scheduled 
Termination Date, as the case may be.  
“Settlement Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Currency of the Notes.  
“Settlement Date” means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement (the “Scheduled Settlement Date”) Provided That if 
a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Settlement Date, the Settlement Date shall be the 
earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event 
subsists and (ii) the day falling 60 Business Days following the Scheduled Settlement Date.  
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof.  
“Sovereign Agency” means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign.  
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a Sovereign 
Reference Entity (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant 
Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (3) of “(B) Interpretation of 
Provisions” in the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in

--- Page 122 ---
ٱ 
 
 
120
 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring without 
regard to whether the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Category or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics after such Restructuring.  
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, two.  
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means one or more obligations of a Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee) that will replace one or more Reference Obligations in respect of such Reference 
Entity, identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following procedures:  
(a) 
In the event that:  
(i) 
a Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity is redeemed in 
whole; or  
(ii) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (A) the aggregate amounts due under 
any Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity have been 
materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity is an Underlying Obligation 
with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than due to the 
existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no 
longer a valid and binding obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in 
accordance with its terms or (C) for any other reason, other than due to the 
existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any Reference Obligation in respect 
of a Reference Entity is no longer an obligation of such Reference Entity,  
the Calculation Agent shall identify one or more Obligations to replace such 
Reference Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity.  
(b) 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations shall be an 
Obligation that (1) ranks pari passu (or, if no such Obligation exists, then, at the 
option of the Issuer an Obligation that ranks senior) in priority of payment with such 
Reference Obligation (with the ranking in priority of payment of such Reference 
Obligation being determined as of the later of (A) the Trade Date and (B) the date on 
which such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not reflecting any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such later date), (2) preserves the 
economic equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer and (3) is an obligation of 
a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee 
or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee). The Substitute Reference Obligation or 
Substitute Reference Obligations identified by the Calculation Agent shall, without 
further action, replace such Reference Obligation or Reference Obligations.  
(c) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to one or more but not all such 
Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for one or more of such Reference Obligations, each 
such Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
shall cease to be a Reference Obligation.

--- Page 123 ---
ٱ 
 
 
121
 
(d) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to all such Reference Obligations, and 
the Calculation Agent determines that at least one Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available for any such Reference Obligation, then each such Reference Obligation 
shall be replaced by a Substitute Reference Obligation and each Reference Obligation 
for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available will cease to be a Reference 
Obligation.  
(e) 
If:  
(i) 
more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference 
Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the 
events set forth in paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to all such 
Reference Obligations and the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any of such Reference 
Obligations; or  
(ii) 
only one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set 
forth in paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to such Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for that Reference Obligation,  
then the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify a Substitute 
Reference Obligation until the later of (A) the Scheduled Termination Date, (B) the 
Grace Period Extension Date (if any) and (C) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date (if any). If (i) either Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined by reference to 
a Reference Obligation or Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation and (ii) on or prior to 
the later of (A) the Scheduled Termination Date, (B) the Grace Period Extension Date 
or (C) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has not been identified, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall 
cease as of the later of (A) the Scheduled Termination Date, (B) the Grace Period 
Extension Date or (C) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
(f) 
For the purposes of identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in 
and of itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation.  
“Succession Event” means an event such as a merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin off or other similar event in which one 
entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation of law or pursuant 
to any agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Succession Event” shall not include an 
event in which the holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations 
for the obligations of another entity, unless such exchange occurs in connection with a 
merger, demerger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin-off or 
other similar event.  
“Successor” means:  
(a) 
in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or entities, if any, 
determined as set forth below:

--- Page 124 ---
ٱ 
 
 
122
 
(i) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to seventy-five per cent. or more 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession 
Event, that entity will be the sole Successor;  
(ii) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, and not more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with 
the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor;  
(iii) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeed to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by 
way of a Succession Event, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with Reference Entity, 
the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below;  
(iv) 
if one or more entity each directly or indirectly succeed to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each 
such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as 
provided below;  
(v) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to 
exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed 
in any way as a result of the Succession Event; and  
(vi) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, 
the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations 
(or, if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, the entity from among those entities which succeeds to the 
greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference Entity) will be the sole 
Successor; and  
(b) 
in relation to a Sovereign Reference Entity, any direct or indirect successor(s) to that 
Reference Entity irrespective of whether such successor(s) assumes any of the 
obligations of such Reference Entity.  
In the case of (a) above, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier 
than fourteen calendar days after the legally effective date of the Succession Event), and with 
effect from the legally effective date of the Succession Event, whether the relevant thresholds 
set forth above have been met, or which entity qualifies under (a)(vi) above, as applicable. In 
calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth above 
have been met, or which entity qualifies under (a)(vi) above, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall use, in respect of each applicable Relevant Obligation included in such

--- Page 125 ---
ٱ 
 
 
123
 
calculation, the amount of the liability in respect of such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best 
Available Information and shall, as soon as practicable after such calculation, make such 
calculation available for inspection by Noteholder(s) at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent.  
Where pursuant to paragraph (a) (iii) or (a)(iv) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as it in its sole and absolute discretion acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference 
Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit 
derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes under the provisions of the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.  
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, stating the adjustment to these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the 
relevant Succession Event.  
For the purposes of this definition of “Successor”, “succeed” means, with respect to a 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party 
other than such Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations 
(or, as applicable, obligations) whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement or 
(ii) issues Bonds that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), 
and in either case such Reference Entity is no longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or 
guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations). The 
determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of “Successor” shall be 
made, in the case of an exchange offer, on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
Relevant Obligations tendered and accepted in the exchange and not on the basis of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Bonds for which Relevant Obligations have been 
exchanged.  
Where:  
(A)  
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(B)  
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have been identified; and  
(C)  
any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation,  
a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the definition of 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” above.  
“Supranational Organisation” means any entity or organisation established by treaty or 
other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or 
more Sovereigns, and includes, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.  
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Undeliverable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset Amount 
which, on the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent 
determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance

--- Page 126 ---
ٱ 
 
 
124
 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of 
any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal to 
Deliver on the Settlement Date.  
“Unwind Costs” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if “Standard 
Unwind Costs” are specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses 
(including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in connection with the redemption of the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position, such amount to be apportioned pro 
rata amongst each nominal amount of Notes in the lowest Specified Denomination.  
“Valuation Date” means (a) where Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms the day falling three Business Days after the Final Delivery Date, or (b) 
where Cash Settlement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, if “Single 
Valuation Date” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the date that is the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms after the Credit Event Determination Date or, if 
the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days after the Credit Event 
Determination Date, and if “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each of the following dates:  
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
after the Credit Event Determination Date (or, if the number of Business Days is not 
specified, five Business Days); and  
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with 
respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date.  
When “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the total number 
of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates).  
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply.  
“Valuation Method”:  
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series with only one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date:  
(i) 
“Market” means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date.  
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Highest.  
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series with only one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date:

--- Page 127 ---
ٱ 
 
 
125
 
(i) 
“Average Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date; or  
(ii) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to any Valuation Date; or  
(iii) 
“Average Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date.  
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Highest.  
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series with more than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date:  
(i) 
“Blended Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Value for each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
“Blended Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent for each Reference Obligation 
with respect to the Valuation Date.  
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Blended Highest.  
(d) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
a Series with more than one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date:  
(i) 
“Average Blended Market” means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Market Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
“Average Blended Highest” means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Highest Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date.  
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Blended Highest.  
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted 
Average Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall 
be Market, Average Market, Blended Market or Average Blended Market, as the case 
may be.  
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation.  
“Weighted Average Quotation” means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation

--- Page 128 ---
ٱ 
 
 
126
 
Amount (but, if a Minimum Quotation Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, of a 
size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if quotations of a size equal to the 
Minimum Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in size as practicable to the 
Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount.  
(k) 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event  
If Condition 12(k) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the 
occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event during the Notice Delivery Period:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver a Credit Event Notice in respect of an amount (the 
“Partial Redemption Amount”) that is less than the principal amount outstanding of 
each Note immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such 
circumstances the provisions of Condition 12 shall be deemed to apply to the Partial 
Redemption Amount only and each such Note shall be redeemed in part (such 
redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount).  
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the principal amount of each such Note not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the principal 
amount outstanding of such Note as provided in Condition 6 (adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be 
appropriate), (ii) the provisions of Condition 12 shall apply to such principal amount 
outstanding of such Note in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are 
delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring 
Credit Event and (iii) once a Credit Event Notice with respect to a Restructuring 
Credit Event has been delivered in respect of a Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event.  
(c) 
If the provisions of this Condition 12(k) apply in respect of the Notes, on redemption 
of part of each such Note the relevant Note or, if the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption.  
(l) 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation  
If Condition 12(l) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the definition of “Restructuring” and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (i) to (v) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall not be a Restructuring unless 
the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation.  
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event.  
(m) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled “Additional Provisions – Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity (May 2003)”  
If Condition 12(m) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions will apply:

--- Page 129 ---
ٱ 
 
 
127
 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Obligation” in Condition 12(j) and paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” in Condition 12(j) are hereby amended by adding “or Qualifying Policy” 
after “as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee”.  
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, paragraph (B) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” in Condition 12(j) will apply, with references to the Qualifying 
Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to 
include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that:  
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include 
distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured 
Instrument, and the terms “obligation” and “obligor” as used in this 
Condition 12 in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed 
accordingly;  
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan 
to “the guarantor” and “guaranteeing” shall be deemed to include “the 
insurer” and “insuring”, respectively;  
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the 
relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or 
Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv)  
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not 
transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; and  
(v)  
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term “Outstanding 
Principal Balance” shall mean the outstanding Certificate Balance and 
“maturity”, as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur.  
(c)  
Not Contingent. An Insured Instrument will not be regarded as failing to satisfy the 
Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic solely because such Insured 
Instrument is subject to provisions limiting recourse in respect of such Insured 
Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a 
priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing 
under such Insured Instrument, provided that such provisions are not applicable to 
the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to 
guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been 
required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. By specifying that this 
Condition 12(m) is applicable, no inference should be made as to the interpretation of 
the “Not Contingent” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the context of limited

--- Page 130 ---
ٱ 
 
 
128
 
recourse or similar terms applicable to Deliverable Obligations other than Qualifying 
Policies.  
(d)  
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of “Deliver” in Condition 12(j), “Deliver” 
with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an 
Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and “Delivery” and 
“Delivered” will be construed accordingly.  
(e)  
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing “For the 
purposes of this definition of “Successor” ...” in the definition of “Successor” in 
Condition 12(j) is hereby amended by adding “or insurer” after “or guarantor”.  
(f)  
Substitute Reference Obligation. The first paragraph of the definition of “Substitute 
Reference Obligation” and paragraph (b) thereof in Condition 12(j) is hereby 
amended by adding “or Qualifying Policy” after “or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee”. For purposes of sub-paragraph (a)(ii)(B) the definition of 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” references to “the Qualifying Guarantee” and the 
“Underlying Obligation” shall be deemed to include “the Qualifying Policy” and “the 
Insured Instrument”, respectively.  
(g)  
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” and the definitions of “Credit Event” and “Deliver” in Condition 12(j) 
references to “the Underlying Obligation” and “the Underlying Obligor” shall be 
deemed to include “Insured Instruments” and the “Insured Obligor”, respectively.  
(h)  
Additional Definitions.  
“Qualifying Policy” means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified 
as set forth in this Condition 12(m)) (the “Insured Instrument”) for which another 
party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the “Insured 
Obligor”). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the 
express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit 
of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of the Insured Instrument. 
“Instrument Payments” means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the 
specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) 
in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and 
interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in Condition 12(m)(c) above 
and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, 
make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts 
(whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy).

--- Page 131 ---
ٱ 
 
 
129
 
“Certificate Balance” means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form 
of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment.  
(n) 
Supplement to provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee and Underlying Obligation  
(a) 
If this Condition 12(n) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Condition 12(j) shall be amended by:  
(i) 
the deletion of the definition of “Downstream Affiliate” and the substitution 
of the following therefor:  
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares 
were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per 
cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity.”;  
(ii) 
the deletion of paragraphs (B)(4)(ii) and (B)(4)(iii) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”, the substitution of the following therefor and the 
re-numbering of the remaining paragraphs accordingly:  
“(ii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency 
and Not Domestic Law. For these purposes, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the lawful currency of 
any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the 
United States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic 
Currency and (B) the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not be a Domestic Law.”; and  
(iii) 
the deletion of the definition of “Qualifying Guarantee” and the substitution 
of the following therefor:  
“Qualifying Guarantee” means an arrangement evidenced by a written 
instrument pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by 
guarantee of payment or equivalent legal arrangement) to pay all amounts 
due under an obligation (the “Underlying Obligation”) for which another 
party is the obligor (the “Underlying Obligor”). Qualifying Guarantees shall 
exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee 
insurance policy, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) 
pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other 
than by operation law) as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than payment). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation.”; and  
(b) 
Condition 12(l) shall be amended by the insertion of the following at the end of the 
first paragraph thereof:  
“provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the 
requirement in (ii) of the definition of “Multiple Holder Obligation” below”.

--- Page 132 ---
ٱ 
 
 
130
 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Calculation Agent Notices  
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgment, it will do so in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after making any determination pursuant to this Condition 12, notify the Issuer 
and the Noteholders of such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary 
for or as an advisor to the Noteholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in 
connection with any Notes.  
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any 
discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Condition 12 shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion. Any delay, deferral or 
forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations 
or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it 
to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or 
exercise of such obligation or discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer 
shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect 
of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance.  
In relation to the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of any notice pursuant to this 
Condition 12, a notice delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a 
Calculation Agent City Business Day will be effective on such Calculation Agent City 
Business Day. A notice delivered after 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a 
Calculation Agent City Business Day or on a day which is not a Calculation Agent City 
Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Calculation Agent City Business 
Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. For purposes of the two preceding 
sentences, a notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the 
telephone conversation takes place. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written 
confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within 
one Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice. Failure to provide that written 
confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
13 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of 
payments of principal) or Coupons (in the case of interest), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in 
which such payment is due drawn on or at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
that currency (other than the United States) provided that (i) in the case of Euro, the transfer 
may be to, or the cheque drawn on, a Euro account with a bank in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System and (ii) in the case of yen, the transfer will be to a non-resident 
yen account with an authorised foreign exchange bank (in the case of payment to a non-
resident of Japan). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Individual Certificates at the specified

--- Page 133 ---
ٱ 
 
 
131
 
office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
Condition 13(b)(ii). 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record 
Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be made in the currency in 
which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to the holder (or to the 
first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register 
maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as provided 
in Condition 13(a), such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such other 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Administration Agent, the 
Custodian, the Calculation Agent and their respective specified offices are set out in the 
Agency Agreement. The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Administration 
Agent, the Custodian and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the 
Administration Agent, the Custodian, or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Administration Agent or Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iv) a Custodian, (v) an Administration Agent, (vi) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions 
so require one, (vii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in a European Union member state 
that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to any European Union Directive 
on the taxation of savings implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 
26-27 November 2000 or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, such Directive and (viii) such other agent as may be required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 134 ---
ٱ 
 
 
132
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 
13(d) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will be given promptly to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Where any Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons relating 
to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date or date of redemption shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation thereof. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 6(c)(A)), the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  
(i) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable:  
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 11(a); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any);

--- Page 135 ---
ٱ 
 
 
133
 
(v) 
in relation to Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Event Redemption Amount (if any);  
(vi) 
in relation to Equity Linked Redemption Notes, the Failure to Deliver Settlement  
Price (if any); 
(vii) 
in relation to Equity Linked Redemption Notes, the Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
(if any); 
(viii) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;  
(ix) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7 (e)(iii)); and 
(x) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect 
to interest under Condition 22(a). 
14 
Enforcement 
(a) 
Events of Default and Acceleration 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth in principal amount of Notes then outstanding, or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of such holders, shall give notice (subject in each case to being indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction) to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon and the Series Security shall become 
enforceable, as provided in the Trust Deed, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. An 
Event of Default is defined in the Master Trust Deed (but subject to the provisions of the 
Supplemental Trust Deed) as the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or defaults for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any sum 
other than the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due in respect of 
the Notes, or any of them; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes or 
the Trust Deed and (unless such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of 
remedy in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be 
required) such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
if the Issuer is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy, compulsory liquidation, 
examination, controlled management procedures or suspension of payments; or

--- Page 136 ---
ٱ 
 
 
134
 
(iv) 
if the Issuer is deemed to be unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due within 
the meaning of Section 214 of the Companies Act, 1963 of Ireland (as amended) or 
Section 2(3) of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 1990 of Ireland (as amended). 
(b) 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such 
proceedings unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so 
requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding, and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
(c) 
Non Petition and Limited Recourse 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the 
rights of the Noteholders or Couponholders and no Noteholder or Couponholder is entitled 
to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable 
time and such failure or neglect is continuing.  
The Trustee, any Swap Counterparty, the Agents, the Portfolio Manager and the Noteholders 
and Couponholders shall have recourse only to the Series Secured Assets for satisfaction and 
discharge of the Issuer’s obligations and liabilities arising under or in connection with the 
Notes or the Series Documents and, the Trustee having realised the same and distributed the 
net proceeds in accordance with the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trustee, any Swap 
Counterparty, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Noteholders and Couponholders or 
anyone acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled to take any further steps against 
the Issuer to recover any further sum (save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer 
initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the 
obligations of the Issuer) and the right to receive any such sum shall be extinguished. In 
particular, none of the Trustee, any Swap Counterparty, any Agent, the Portfolio Manager or 
any Noteholder or Couponholder, nor any other party to a Series Document shall be entitled 
to petition or take any other step for the winding-up of, or take any steps to institute 
insolvency proceedings in relation to, the Issuer. 
15 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Notes and Coupons shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
16 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Agents which are party to the 
Agency Agreement act solely as agents of the Issuer unless an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed occurs), when such Agents will, if required to 
do so, act as agents of the Trustee, and will not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust to or with the Noteholders or the Couponholders. The Issuer has agreed in the 
Trust Deed to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed. Such agreements may be amended by the parties thereto 
with the approval of the Trustee if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Issuer may not, without the 
consent of the Trustee, replace any Agent.

--- Page 137 ---
ٱ 
 
 
135
 
17  
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Individual Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in Dublin (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Individual Certificates) in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Individual 
Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Individual Certificates, Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
18 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the next weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
Notices to holders of Notes represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as applicable, 
will be delivered to the Common Depositary for communication by it to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing system for communication by them to their 
participants and for communication by such participants to entitled accountholders. Any 
notice delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as aforesaid shall be deemed 
to have been given on the day on which it is delivered to the Common Depositary. In 
addition, if the Notes are not represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, or if the 
rules of Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or market on which the relevant Notes 
are listed or admitted to trading so require, all notices to holders of Notes will be published in 
a daily newspaper with circulation in Ireland (expected to be The Irish Times). If in the 
opinion of the Trustee, any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice to holders of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the first date 
on which publication is made. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
19 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver; etc. 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Such a meeting may be 
convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that, inter alia, the terms of the Series Security and certain terms 
concerning the amount and currency and the postponement of the due dates of payment of 
the Notes and the Coupons (except where such modification is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders), or the provisions concerning the

--- Page 138 ---
ٱ 
 
 
136
 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, may be modified only by Extraordinary Resolutions passed at a 
meeting the quorum at which shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds, or at any such adjourned meeting not less than one-third, in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they were 
present at such meeting, and on the holders of Coupons. The Trustee, without consulting the 
Noteholders or holders of Coupons, may determine that an event which would otherwise be 
an Event of Default shall not be so treated in accordance with Condition 19(b) below.  
(b) 
Written Resolutions 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions for 
holding meetings of Noteholders contained in the Trust Deed, whether contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
such Noteholders, shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
(c) 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of Coupons, to (i) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed or any other Series 
Document which is in the opinion of the Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as provided in the 
Trust Deed), waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Series Document which, in any such case, is not in 
the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
determination, modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons, and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Substitution 
Subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may 
require including the transfer of the Series Security, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, the Trustee may agree to the substitution of any other 
company in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes and in 
place of the Issuer under any Series Document. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any Series 
Document provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed 
and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, the Trustee may also agree to the change of the branch or 
office of the Custodian.  
(e) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but 
not limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation or 
substitution as aforesaid) under these Conditions or the Trust Deed the Trustee shall have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject 
to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholders or Couponholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any

--- Page 139 ---
ٱ 
 
 
137
 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. Save as otherwise provided, the Trustee shall not 
have regard to the interests of any secured party other than the Noteholders except to apply 
the proceeds of enforcement of the Series Security in accordance with the order of priority set 
out in the Supplemental Trust Deed.  
(f) 
Meetings 
The Trust Deed provides inter alia that (a) except where the Conditions specifically state that 
one meeting of Noteholders of more than one Series will be held, separate meetings of 
Noteholders of each separate Series will normally be held although the Trustee may from 
time to time determine that meetings of Noteholders of each separate Series issued by the 
Issuer may be held together; (b) a resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one 
Series alone shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the 
holders of Notes of the Series concerned; (c) a resolution which in the opinion of the Trustee 
affects the holders of more than one Series of Notes issued by the Issuer but does not give rise 
to a conflict of interest between the holders of the other Series of Notes concerned shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of Notes of all 
the relevant Series provided that for the purposes of determining the votes that a Noteholder 
is entitled to cast, each Noteholder shall have one vote in respect of each integral currency 
limit of the specified currency of the Notes; (d) a resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee 
affects the holders of more than one Series of Notes and gives or may give rise to a conflict of 
interest between the holders of the other Series of Notes concerned shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate meetings of the holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes, except where the Conditions specifically state that one meeting of 
Noteholders of more than one Series will be held; and (e) if the Issuer proposes to exchange 
part of an existing Series of Notes for Notes of a new Series, only the Notes to be exchanged 
shall be deemed to be Notes of the relevant Series. 
(g) 
Series Secured Assets 
Except where the Conditions or the Series Documents expressly so provide, the Issuer will 
not exercise any rights or take any action in its capacity as holder of the Series Secured Assets 
unless directed to do so by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
If such direction is given, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such directions. 
20 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Series 
Secured Assets, for the validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not 
investigated) of the Series Security. The Trustee is not obliged to take any action under the 
Trust Deed unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. The Trustee and any 
affiliate is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, and/or any issuer or 
guarantor (where applicable) of any of the Series Secured Assets, without accounting to the 
Noteholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value 
of the Series Secured Assets, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the 
Series Secured Assets and from any claim arising from the fact that the Series Secured Assets 
will be held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian selected by the Trustee (in 
each case, if applicable). The Trustee is not responsible for supervising the performance by 
any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and, in particular, shall not have any 
responsibility for the administration, management or operation of the Series Secured Assets.

--- Page 140 ---
ٱ 
 
 
138
 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not 
assume any duty or responsibility to the Custodian or the Principal Paying Agent (other than 
to pay to any such persons any monies received and repayable to it and to act in accordance 
with the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed) and shall have regard solely to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
21 
Further Issues 
(a) 
Non-Fungible Further Indebtedness 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, but provided that the Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions contained in 
this Condition will be complied with) to issue further bonds and notes and to borrow under, 
buy, sell or enter into other obligations in the form of loans, options, swaps or other 
derivative transactions. Such further bonds, notes or other obligations must be issued under 
the Programme and secured on assets of the Issuer other than the Series Secured Assets or the 
Issuer’s share capital and on terms that provide for the extinction of all claims in respect of 
such bonds, notes or other obligations after application of the proceeds of enforcement of the 
security over the assets on which such bonds, notes or other obligations are secured (or 
arrangements have been entered into that, to the satisfaction of the Trustee, have a like 
result). 
(b) 
Fungible Further Indebtedness 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, but provided that the Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions contained in 
this Condition will be complied with) issue further bonds and notes that have, when issued, 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
Issue Date, the Issue Price and/or the Interest Commencement Date) and that are 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes; provided that (unless otherwise 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders), (i) the Issuer provides 
additional security for such new bonds or notes that comprises assets that are fungible with, 
and have the same proportionate composition as, the Series Collateral in respect of the 
relevant existing Notes and that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the 
principal amount of such existing Series Collateral multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the aggregate principal amount of such new bonds or notes and the denominator of 
which is the aggregate principal amount of the existing Notes; (ii) the Issuer enters into an 
additional or supplemental swap agreement varying the terms of the Swap Agreement (if 
any) to take account of the new bonds or notes on terms no less favourable than those of the 
Swap Agreement (if any).  Upon issue of such new bonds or notes, the Notes and such new 
bonds or notes shall form a single series and be secured on the Series Collateral and such 
additional assets. Such further bonds or notes shall be constituted and secured by a further 
supplemental trust deed. 
22 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Gross-Up 
If Condition 22(a) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, all payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the

--- Page 141 ---
ٱ 
 
 
139
 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or other charges in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with Ireland other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in Ireland or through an intermediary in Ireland; or  
(iii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a Noteholder who would be able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or similar 
claim for exemption but fails to do so; or  
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or  
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union.  
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. 
 (b) 
No Tax Gross-Up  
If Condition 22(b) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall not 
be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or 
enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld 
or deducted. 
23 
Governing Law 
The Notes, Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of Ireland. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
Irish courts for all purposes in connection with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons.

--- Page 142 ---
ٱ 
 
 
140
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Arcade Finance p.l.c. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 435310) 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes (specifying type and nominal amount of Notes) (the “Notes”)] 
issued pursuant to the 
€40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes 
arranged by 
 
KBC Bank NV 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[MIFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
 
[The Central Bank of Ireland has provided the competent authority(ies) of [insert details of relevant 
Member State(s)] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of these final terms and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.] 
 
                                                          
1 Where the Notes are (i) not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are not admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or on any other regulated market in the EEA, all references to the Prospective Regulation and 
final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, shall be deleted.

--- Page 143 ---
ٱ 
 
 
141
 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS, LISTING AND RATING 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020[and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated []] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and supplement(s) to it dated 
[  •  ] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and 
the supplemental Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 
[original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  •  ]]. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]  The Base Prospectus has also been published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ]  
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number:  
[ ]  
(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
 
fungible 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
21 [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]].] 
 
               
 
  
2. 
Status of the Notes:  
[Senior/Subordinated/Class A Mezzanine/Class B 
Mezzanine/Class 
C 
Mezzanine/Class 
D 
Mezzanine/Class 
E 
Mezzanine/Class 
F 
Mezzanine/Class G Mezzanine/Class H Mezzanine 
Notes]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
(i) 
[Series:]  
[ ]

--- Page 144 ---
ٱ 
 
 
142
 
(ii) 
[Tranche:  
 
 
[ ]]  
5. 
[Issue Price:]  
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]  
6.  
Specified Denominations 
 
[ ]  
7.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ]  
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement  
[ ]] 
 
 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
 
8. 
Maturity Date:  
[[Fixed Rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year] [the “Scheduled Maturity Date”]]  
9. 
Interest Basis  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR] ± [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]  
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]   
 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 14 below)  
10. 
Redemption Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount.  
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Applicable/Non-Applicable] 
 
[Specify date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 or 15 below and identify 
there] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The placeholder 
here should reflect the name ascribed to any “event risk” 
put in the Conditions). 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[further particulars specified in paragraphs 17 and 18 
below)] 
13. 
Tax Gross-Up:  
[Condition 22(a) applicable]/[Condition 22(b)  
 
 
applicable] 
(N.B. Only one of Condition 22(a) and 22(b) should be 
specified as applicable. If Condition 22(a) is specified as 
applicable, Condition 7(b) will be applicable. If Condition 
22(b) is specified as applicable, Condition 7(b) will not be 
applicable)

--- Page 145 ---
ٱ 
 
 
143
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
14.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest:  
[ ] per cent. per annum  
 
 
[payable in arrear] on each Interest Payment Date.  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[ ] in each year  
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)  
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Buiness 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [ ] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s]:  
[ ] per [ ] in nominal amount  
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount[s]:  
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)]  
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction (subject 
[1/1, Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA),  
 
 
as may be provided in 
Act/Act, Act/Act (ISDA)] 
 
 
paragraph 30):  
  
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), Act/Act (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed), 
A/365F] 
 
[Actual/360, Act/360, A/360] 
 
[30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360, Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent  
 
[                    ] 
responsible for calculating  
the Fixed Coupon or Broken  
Amount:  
 
(ix) 
Determination Date(s):  
[ ] in each year  
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal duration)

--- Page 146 ---
ٱ 
 
 
144
 
(NB: Only relevant where Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified  
[ ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance  
 
Interest Payment Dates:  
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii)  
 
 
 
 
below 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii)  
Additional Business Centre(s): [  
]  
(iv)  
Manner in which the  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA  
 
Rate(s) of Interest and 
Determination]  
 
Interest Amount(s) is/are to 
   
 
be determined:  
 
(v)  
Party responsible for  
[  
] 
 
calculating the Rate(s) of  
 
Interest and Interest  
 
Amount(s):  
(vi)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
– 
Reference Rate:  
[ 
] 
(Either LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
– 
Interest Determination  [             ] 
Date(s):  
 
(Second day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than euro LIBOR 
or Sterling LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[             ] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Telerate Page 248, ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination:  
– 
Floating Rate Option:  [             ] 
– 
Designated Maturity:  
[             ] 
– 
Reset Date:  
 
[             ] 
- 
ISDA Definitions 
[2000/2006]

--- Page 147 ---
ٱ 
 
 
145
 
(viii) 
Margin(s):  
 
 
[+/–] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
 
[1/1, Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA),  
Act/Act, Act/Act (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), Act/Act (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed), 
A/365F] 
[Actual/360, Act/360, A/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
[30E/360, Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:   
 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price:  
 
[         ] 
 (iii) 
Day Count Fraction in   
[Conditions 7(e)(iii) and 7(k) apply] 
relation to Early  
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar  
Redemption Amounts and  
denominated) 
late payment:    
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
17. 
Issuer Call  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  [ ]  
(ii) 
Optional Redemption  
[ ] per Note of [ ] Specified Denomination 
Amount of each Note: 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:  
(a) 
Minimum Redemption [         ] 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption  [         ] 
Amount: 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than  
[         ] 
as set out in the Conditions): 
18. 
Investor Put  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
ٱ 
 
 
146
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  [         ]  
(ii)  
Optional Redemption  
[ ] per Note of [ ] Specified Denomination  
Amount of each Note:  
 
(iii)  
Notice period (if other than  
[         ] 
as set out in the Conditions):  
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each  
[[ ] per Note of [ ] Specified Denomination] 
Note:   
 
 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
 
 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default 
or on an illegality:  
 
 
[ ] 
 (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
21. 
Form of Notes:  
[Bearer/Registered] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions 
set out under “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
Notes 
While in 
Global Form” in the Base 
Prospectus.]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes upon specified number of days notice]  
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be  
[No/Yes] 
 
attached to Definitive Notes (and  
 
dates on which such Talons mature):

--- Page 149 ---
ٱ 
 
 
147
 
23. 
Security (order of priorities): 
The Trustee shall apply all moneys received by it 
under the Trust Deed and the Series Pledge 
Agreement in connection with the realisation or 
enforcement of the Series Security constituted by the 
Trust Deed and the Series Pledge Agreement in the 
following order of priorities: 
 
 
 
 
[Counterparty 
Priority/Pari 
Passu 
Ranking/Noteholder Priority]  
24. 
Swap Agreement: 
[Under an ISDA Master Agreement dated []and a 
confirmation thereto with an effective date of the 
Issue Date made between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay to the Swap 
Counterparty [[an amount equal to the 
net 
subscription moneys for the Notes payable to the 
Issuer] and sums equal to [interest and principal 
payable] in respect of the Series Collateral and the 
Swap Counterparty will pay to the Issuer [an 
amount equal to the net sum payable by the Issuer 
for the purchase of the Series Collateral and sums 
equal to the interest payable to the Noteholders 
under the Notes and the Redemption Amount]]. 
Except as stated in the Base Prospectus, the Swap 
Agreement will terminate on the Maturity Date. [The 
Swap Agreement is governed by English law.]  
 [LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION  
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
Notes described herein pursuant to the €40,000,000,000 Programme for the issue of Notes of Arcade 
Finance p.l.c.] 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]/[The Notes to be issued have been rated]: 
[S & P: [  •  ]] 
[Moody’s: [  •  ]] 
[[Other]: [  •  ]] 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating 
agency name(s)].]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.]

--- Page 150 ---
ٱ 
 
 
148
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.  However, the application for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of [insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert credit rating agency].] [[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.  The 
ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU-registered 
credit rating agency] in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.  [Insert the name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but is certified in accordance with such 
Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency] in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.  [Insert the name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency] 
is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but it is certified in accordance with such 
Regulation.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) (the “Reference Information”) has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]. None of the Trustee, Agents, Portfolio Manager, Arranger or 
Dealers accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
 
Arcade Finance p.l.c. 
 
By: 
__________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 151 ---
ٱ 
 
 
149
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING:  
(i) 
Listing:  
[Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext  
 
 
Dublin /other (specify)/None]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [ ] with effect from [ ].] [Not 
Applicable.]  
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
[    ] 
 
related to admission to 
 
trading: 
 
2. 
RATINGS:  
 [The Notes to be issued have/have not been rated.]  
3. 
NOTIFICATION:  
The Central Bank of Ireland, which is the Irish competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, [has been requested to provide/has provided – include first alternative for an issue which is 
contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issues] the [names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting 
that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]   
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE:  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. – Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]   
5. 
YIELD  (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
Indication of yield: 
[      ]  
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.  
 
6.  
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating 
Rate Notes only) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR]/[LIBOR] can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code:  
[ ] 
 
Common Code:  
[ ] 
Any clearing system(s) other  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  
and Clearstream Banking, societé

--- Page 152 ---
ٱ 
 
 
150
 
anonyme and the relevant  
identification number(s): 
 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)  Method of distribution:  
 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndiacted] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names and addresses of Managers 
 [Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
and underwriting commitments: 
 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeingto  
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.) 
 
(B) Date of [Subscription} Agreement 
 
[  ] 
 
(C) Stabilising Manager(s)(if any) 
 
 
[Not Applciable/give name] 
 
(iii)  If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and 
address]  
 
(iv)  Indication of the overall amount of the 
[ ] per cent of the Aggregate 
underwriting commission and of the placing  
Nominal Amount. 
commission: 
 
(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions (Categories of potential 
Reg. S Compliance Category 
investors to which the Notes are offered 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3] 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
[(vi) Non-exempt Offer 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the 
notes may be made by the Managers [ 
and [specify, if applicable names of other 
financial intermediaries/placers making 
non-exempt offers to the extent known 
(ties into individual consent granted in 
Base Prospectus) OR include a generic 
description of other parties involved in 
non-exempt offers (e.g. “other parties 
authorised by [the managers]”]] other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.]]

--- Page 153 ---
ٱ 
 
 
151
 
9. 
SERIES COLLATERAL 
(i)  Legal jurisdiction by which the pool  
of assets is governed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
(ii) Global statistical data referred to the  
 
 
 
[   ] 
Series Collateral: 
 
(iii) Legal nature of assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
(iv) Expiry/maturity date(s) of assets: 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
(v) Amount of assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
(vi) Loan to value ratio or level of collateralisation:  
 
 
[   ] 
(vii) Indication of significant representations 
 
 
 
[   ] 
and collaterals given to the issuer relating 
to the assets: 
 
(viii) If a relationship exists that is material to 
 
 
 
[   ] 
the issue, between the Issuer and obligor, details 
of the principal terms of that relationship: 
 
(ix) Where the assets comprise equity securities 
that are admitted to trading on a regulated or  
equivalent market: 
 
(A) description of securities:  
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
(B)  description of the market on which they  
 
 
[   ] 
are traded including the date of establishment, 
how price information is published, an  
indication of daily trading volumes, information 
as to the standing to the market in the country and  
the name of the market’s regulatory authority: 
 
(C) frequency with which prices of the relevant 
 
 
[   ] 
securities are published: 
 
(D) electronic link where the documentation in  
 
 
[   ] 
 in relation to the obligations can be found on the  
regulated or equivalent market: 
 
(x) Where the assets comprise obligations (other than 
equity securities as referred to in sub-paragraph (ix) 
above) that are admitted to trading on a regulated or 
equivalent market:  
(A) description of securities: 
(B) description of the market on which they are 
traded: 
(C) electronic link where the documentation in 
[  ][Not applicable] ((If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (x)) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
[   ]

--- Page 154 ---
ٱ 
 
 
152
 
relation to the obligations can be found on the 
regulated or equivalent market: 
 
 
(xi)  Name, address, country of incorporation and 
significant business activities of the originators of the 
securitised assets and the name of the market in which 
its securities are admitted: 
[   ] 
 
10. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes (less [  •  ]) will be applied by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in acquiring the Series Collateral [and/or be used in making an initial payment under a related 
Swap Agreement]. [  •  ] will be retained by the Issuer from the proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes as a profit margin and will not comprise part of the Series Collateral [and/or be used in 
making an initial payment under a related Swap Agreement].]

--- Page 155 ---
ٱ 
 
 
153
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain aspects of the anticipated Irish, Belgian and Luxembourg tax 
treatment of the Issuer and/or the holders of Notes. The discussion is based on laws, regulations, rulings and 
decisions (and interpretations thereof) currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. Any such change 
may have retroactive effect. The discussion is intended for general information only, and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers concerning the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Notes under the applicable laws of their country of citizenship, residence or 
domicile which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. As is the case with any investment, 
there can be no guarantee that the tax position or proposed tax position prevailing at the time an investment is 
made in the Issuer will endure indefinitely. 
IRELAND 
 
Taxation of the Issuer – Corporation Tax 
In general, Irish companies must pay corporation tax on their income at the rate of 12.5 per 
cent. in relation to income from a trade carried on in Ireland and at the rate of 25 per cent. in 
relation to income that is not income from a trade carried on in Ireland.  However, section 110 
of the Taxes Consolidation Act of 1997 of Ireland, as amended (“TCA 1997”) provides for 
special treatment in relation to a company that is a qualifying company (a “Qualifying 
Company”).  A Qualifying Company means a company: 
(a) 
which is resident in Ireland; 
(b) 
which either: 
(i) 
acquires qualifying assets within the meaning of section 110 of the TCA 1997 
(“Qualifying Assets”) from a person; 
(ii) 
holds, manages or both holds and manages, Qualifying Assets as a result of 
an arrangement with another person; or 
(iii) 
 has entered into a legally enforceable arrangement with another person 
which itself constitutes a Qualifying Asset; 
(c) 
which carries on in Ireland a business of holding Qualifying Assets or managing 
Qualifying Assets or both, including in the case of plant and machinery acquired by 
the Qualifying Company, a business of leasing that plant and machinery; 
(d) 
which, apart from activities ancillary to that business, carries on no other activities; 
(e) 
which has notified an authorised officer of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland 
(the “Revenue Commissioners”) in the prescribed format and within the prescribed 
time limit that it intends to be such a Qualifying Company; and 
(f) 
the market value of all Qualifying Assets held, managed, or both held and managed, 
by the company or the market value of Qualifying Assets in respect of which the 
company has entered into legally enforceable arrangements is not less than EUR 
10,000,000 on the day on which the Qualifying Assets are first acquired, first held, or 
a legally enforceable arrangement in respect of the Qualifying Assets is entered into 
(which is itself a Qualifying Asset),

--- Page 156 ---
ٱ 
 
 
154
 
but a company shall not be a Qualifying Company if any transaction is carried out by it 
otherwise than by way of a bargain made at arms’ length apart from in relation to certain 
interest payments. 
For this purpose, Qualifying Assets include assets which consist of, or of an interest 
(including a partnership interest) in financial assets, commodities or plant and machinery. 
If a company is a Qualifying Company (and it is expected that the Issuer will be such a 
company), then profits arising from its activities shall be chargeable to corporation tax under 
Case III of Schedule D (which is applicable to non-trading income) at a rate of 25 per cent.  
However, for that purpose those profits shall be computed in accordance with the provisions 
applicable to Case I of that Schedule (which is applicable to trading income).   
Interest on the Notes will not be deductible where: 
(a) 
the interest represents more than a reasonable commercial return on the principal 
outstanding or is dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business; and 
(b)  
(i) 
at the time the interest is paid on the Notes, it would not be reasonable to 
consider that the payment is made, or the security to which the payment 
relates was entered into, for bona fide commercial purposes and does not 
form part of any arrangement or scheme of which the main purpose, or one 
of the main purposes, is the avoidance of tax; or 
 (ii) 
(I) 
the interest is paid to a person that:  
(A) 
is not resident in Ireland or is not otherwise within the charge 
to corporation tax in connection with the interest; and 
(B)  
is not a pension fund, government body or other person 
resident in a Relevant Territory who, under the laws of that 
Relevant Territory, is exempted from tax which generally 
applies to profits, income or gains in that territory (except 
where the person is a Specified Person);  and 
(II) 
that interest is not subject, without any reduction computed by 
reference to the amount of such interest, to a tax under the laws of a 
Relevant Territory, which generally applies to profits, income or 
gains received in the Relevant Territory by persons from outside the 
Relevant Territory. 
The provisions at (b)(ii) above, will not apply in respect of an interest payment in respect of a 
quoted Eurobond within the meaning of section 64 of the TCA 1997 (“Quoted Eurobond”) or 
a wholesale debt instrument within the meaning of section 246A of the TCA 1997 
(“Wholesale Debt Instrument”), except where the interest is paid to a Specified Person and 
at the time the Quoted Eurobond or Wholesale Debt Instrument was issued, the Issuer was in 
possession, or aware, of information, including information about any arrangement or 
understanding in relation to ownership of the Quoted Eurobond or the Wholesale Debt 
Instrument after that time, which could reasonably be taken to indicate that interest which 
would be payable in respect of that Quoted Eurobond or Wholesale Debt Instrument would 
not be subject, without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest, 
to a tax in a Relevant Territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains received in 
that territory, by persons, from sources outside that territory. 
Where a payment is made out of the assets of the Issuer under a Return Agreement and that 
payment is dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or any part of its business and

--- Page 157 ---
ٱ 
 
 
155
 
that payment would not be deducted in computing the profits or gains of the Issuer if the 
payment was to be treated for the purposes of the TCA 1997 (other than section 246 thereof) 
as a payment of interest in respect of securities of the Issuer (other than a Quoted Eurobond 
or a Wholesale Debt Instrument that was dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business), 
that payment will not be deductible for tax purposes.  
For the purposes of this Irish Taxation section, terms have the meanings as set out below: 
A “Specified Person” means:  
(a) a company which: 
(i) 
directly or indirectly controls the Issuer; 
(ii) 
is controlled by the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
is controlled by a third company which also directly or indirectly controls the 
Issuer; or  
(b) a person or connected persons  
(i) 
  from whom assets were acquired;  
(ii) 
to whom the Issuer has made loans or advances;  
(iii) 
to whom loans or advances held by the Issuer were made; or 
(iv) 
with whom the Issuer has entered into Specified Agreements, where the aggregate 
value of such assets, loans, advances or agreements represents not less than 75% of the 
aggregate value of the Qualifying Assets of the Issuer.   
For this purpose, a person has control of a company where that person has: 
(a)  
 the power to secure: 
(i)  
by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation 
to that or any other company; or  
(ii)  
by virtue of any powers conferred by the constitution, articles of association or other 
document regulating that or any other company,  
that the affairs of the first-mentioned company are conducted in accordance with the wishes 
of that person; or 
(b)  
significant influence over the first-mentioned company and holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than: 
(i)  
20 per cent of the issued share capital of the company; 
(ii)  
20 per cent of the principal value of any securities issued by that company where the 
consideration given by the company for the use of the principal secured is to any 
extent dependent on the results of the company’s business or any part of the 
company’s business, or  the consideration so given represents more than a reasonable 
commercial return for the use of that principal, or any such securities where those 
securities have no principal value; or

--- Page 158 ---
ٱ 
 
 
156
 
(iii)  
the right to 20 per cent of the interest or other distribution payable in respect of any 
such securities. 
For this purpose, “significant influence” means a person with the ability to participate in the 
financial and operating decisions of a company.   
A “Specified Agreement” includes any agreement, arrangement or understanding that (a) 
provides for the exchange, on a fixed or contingent basis, of one or more payments based on 
the value, rate or amount of one or more interest or other rates, currencies, commodities, 
securities, instruments of indebtedness, indices, quantitative measures, or other financial or 
economic interests or property of any kind, or any interest therein or based on the value 
thereof, and (b) transfers to a person who is a party to the agreement, arrangement or 
understanding or to a person connected with that person, in whole or in part, the financial 
risk associated with a future change in any such value, rate or amount without also 
conveying a current or future direct or indirect ownership interest in an asset (including any 
enterprise or investment pool) or liability that incorporates the financial risk so transferred. 
A “Relevant Territory” is: 
(a) 
a Member State of the European Communities other than Ireland; 
(b)  
not being such a Member State, a territory with which Ireland has a signed a double 
taxation agreement that is in effect; and 
(c)  
a territory with the government of which arrangements have been made which on 
completion of the procedures set out in section 826(1) of the TCA 1997 will have the 
force of law.   
A “Return Agreement” is a Specified Agreement whereby payments due under the Specified 
Agreement are dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or any part of the Issuer’s 
business. 
Stamp Duty 
If the Issuer is a Qualifying Company (and it is expected that the Issuer is such a Qualifying 
Company) no Irish stamp duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of the Notes, 
provided that the money raised by the issue of the Notes is used in the course of the Issuer’s 
business. 
Taxation of holders of Notes - Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide 
income whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on 
their Irish source income.  All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax 
on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to 
issue or raise an assessment. 
Interest paid and discounts realised on the Notes have an Irish source and therefore interest 
earned and discounts realised on such Notes will be regarded as Irish source income for the 
purposes of Irish tax.  Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, a non-Irish resident 
person in receipt of such income would be technically liable to Irish income tax (and the 
universal social charge if received by an individual) subject to the provisions of any 
applicable double tax treaty.  Ireland has signed double tax treaties with 74 countries (see 
Withholding Taxes below) and the majority of them exempt interest (which sometimes 
includes discounts) from Irish tax when received by a resident of the other jurisdiction.  
Credit is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income

--- Page 159 ---
ٱ 
 
 
157
 
tax liability.  Non-Irish resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch 
or agency of the company in Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate.  Therefore 
any withholding tax suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full income tax 
liability.  (Non-Irish resident companies operating in Ireland through a branch or agency of 
the company in Ireland to which the income is attributable would be subject to Irish 
corporation tax). 
There is an exemption from Irish income tax under section 198 TCA 1997 in certain 
circumstances. 
These circumstances include: 
(a) 
where interest is paid by a Qualifying Company to a person that is not resident in 
Ireland and that person is resident in a Relevant Territory (residence to be 
determined under the laws of that Relevant Territory); 
(b) 
where interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of its trade or business 
and the recipient of the interest is a company that is resident in a Relevant Territory 
and, either (i) such Relevant Territory imposes a tax that applies generally to interest 
receivable from sources outside that Relevant Territory or (ii) the interest paid would 
be exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double taxation treaty that 
is in effect, or if not yet in effect, that has been signed between Ireland and the 
territory in which the company is resident for tax purposes;  
(c) 
where the interest is exempt from withholding tax because it is payable on a Quoted 
Eurobond (see Withholding Taxes below) and is paid by a company to: 
(i) 
a person who is resident in a Relevant Territory (residence to be determined 
under the laws of that Relevant Territory) and who is not resident in Ireland; 
(ii) 
a company under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a person or 
persons, who, by virtue of the law of a Relevant Territory, is or are resident 
for the purposes of tax in the Relevant Territory and who is, or who are, as 
the case may be, not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a 
person who is, or persons who are, not so resident; or 
(iii) 
a company the principal class of shares of which is substantially and 
regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, on a recognised stock 
exchange in a Relevant Territory or on such other stock exchange as is 
approved by the Minister for Finance of Ireland; and 
(iv) 
where discount arises on securities that are issued by a company in the 
ordinary course of its trade or business and the recipient is a person resident 
in a Relevant Territory. 
Interest and discounts realised on the Notes which do not fall within the above exemptions 
are within the charge to Irish income tax to the extent that a double tax treaty does not 
exempt the interest or discount, as the case may be.  However it is understood that the 
Revenue Commissioners have, in the past, operated a practice (as a consequence of the 
absence of a collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will be 
taken to pursue any liability to such Irish tax in respect of persons who are regarded as not 
being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an 
agent or branch in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or

--- Page 160 ---
ٱ 
 
 
158
 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed 
income from Irish sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or 
to income tax on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is 
attributable.  
There can be no assurance that the Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the 
case of the holders of Notes and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to 
account for Irish tax on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue 
Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
Withholding Taxes 
In general, withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. must be deducted from payments of 
yearly interest that are within the charge to Irish tax, which would include those made by an 
Irish company.  However, section 64 TCA 1997 provides for the payment of interest in respect 
of Quoted Eurobonds without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond 
is a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company; 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (the main securities market of the Irish 
Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for 
this purpose); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and: 
(i) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (the Revenue 
Commissioners have designated Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
recognised clearing systems); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an 
appropriate declaration to this effect. 
Notes which are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will qualify as Quoted Eurobonds and the payment of 
interest in respect of such Notes should be capable of being made without withholding tax, 
regardless of where the Noteholder is resident.  
Separately, section 246 TCA 1997 (“Section 246”) provides certain exemptions from this 
general obligation to withhold tax.  Section 246 provides an exemption in respect of interest 
payments made by a Qualifying Company to a person resident in a Relevant Territory except 
where that person is a company and the interest is paid to the company in connection with a 
trade or business carried on in Ireland by that company through a branch or agency.  Also 
Section 246 provides an exemption in respect of interest payments made by a company in the 
ordinary course of business carried on by it to a company resident in a Relevant Territory and 
either (i) such Relevant Territory imposes a tax which generally applies to interest receivable 
from sources outside that Relevant Territory or (ii) the interest paid would be exempted from

--- Page 161 ---
ٱ 
 
 
159
 
the charge to Irish income tax under a double taxation treaty that is in effect, or, if not yet in 
effect, that has been signed between Ireland and the territory in which the company is 
resident for tax purposes except where the interest is paid to the company in connection with 
a trade or business carried on in Ireland by that company through a branch or agency.  As of 
the Closing Date, Ireland has signed a double tax treaty with each of Albania, Armenia, 
Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, 
Canada, China, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Ethiopia, 
Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana (signed but not yet in effect), Greece, Hong Kong, 
Hungary, Iceland, Israel, India, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Korea (Rep. of), Kuwait, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, 
Morocco, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, 
Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, South 
Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, 
United Kingdom, United States of America, Uzbekistan, Vietnam and Zambia. Negotiations 
for new agreements with Kenya, Kosovo Oman and Uruguay have been concluded.  
Discounts realised on the Notes will not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Encashment Tax 
Interest on any Note which qualifies for exemption from withholding tax on interest as a 
quoted Eurobond (see above) realised or collected by an agent in Ireland on behalf of a 
Noteholder will generally be subject to withholding tax on that payment (“Encashment 
Tax”). Where the payment is made on or before 31 December 2020, Encashment Tax will 
apply at the standard rate of Irish income tax (currently 20 per cent.). Where the payment is 
made on or after 1 January 2021, Encashment Tax will apply at a prescribed rate of 25 per 
cent. In each case, this is unless the beneficial owner of the Note that is entitled to the interest 
is not resident in Ireland and makes a declaration in the required form. This is provided that 
such interest is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be the income of 
another person that is resident in Ireland. In addition, from 1 January 2021, an exemption will 
apply where the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled 
to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such holder 
is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and such holder does not have an 
enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a 
branch or agency or a permanent establishment to which or to whom the Notes are 
attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from a disponer that is resident or 
ordinarily resident in Ireland or if the disponer’s successor is resident or ordinarily resident 
in Ireland, or if any of the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the disponer’s 
successor (primarily), or the disponer, may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax.  Notes in 
registered form would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the principal register of 
the Notes is maintained in Ireland; bearer Notes would be regarded as property situate in 
Ireland if the Notes were ever to be physically kept or located in Ireland with a depository or 
otherwise.  
For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax, under current legislation a non-Irish domiciled 
person will not be treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the purposes of the 
applicable legislation except where that person has been resident in Ireland for the purposes

--- Page 162 ---
ٱ 
 
 
160
 
of Irish tax for the 5 consecutive years of assessment immediately preceding the year of 
assessment in which the date of the gift or inheritance falls. 
Value Added Tax 
The provision of financial services is an exempt transaction for the purposes of Value Added 
Tax in Ireland (“Irish VAT”) purposes.  Accordingly, the Issuer should not be entitled to 
recover Irish VAT suffered.  However, to the extent that income receivable by the Issuer is 
derived from non-EU sources, the Issuer should be entitled to recover a proportion of Irish 
VAT suffered. The Issuer should be required to account for Irish VAT on a “self supply” 
basis on certain services received from abroad which are deemed to have an Irish place of 
supply. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended 
by Council Directive 2014/107/EU) (“DAC2”) provides for the implementation among EU Member 
States (and certain third countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the 
automatic exchange of information in respect of various categories of income and capital and creates a 
mandatory obligation for Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of 
residents in other Member States on an annual basis 
On 14 July 2014 the OECD issued the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information (“the Standard”) which therein contains the CRS. The subsequent introduction of the 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information provides the international framework for the implementation of the CRS by participating 
jurisdictions. 
The main objective of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange of certain financial 
account information between relevant tax authorities of participating jurisdictions.  
Under the CRS, governments of participating jurisdictions have committed to collect detailed 
information to be shared with other jurisdictions annually.  
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial 
Institutions Regulations 2015, S.I. 583 of 2015, made under section 891F of the TCA 1997.  
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in 
the Field of Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under section 891G of the TCA 
1997.  
Pursuant to these Regulations, the Issuer is required to obtain and report to the Revenue 
Commissioners (other than Irish and US accountholders) annually certain financial account and other 
information for all new and existing accountholders in respect of the Notes. The returns are required 
to be submitted by 30 June annually. The information may include amongst other things, details of 
the name, address, taxpayer identification number (“TIN”), place of residence and, in the case of 
accountholders who are individuals, the date and place of birth, together with details relating to 
payments made to accountholders and their holdings. This information may be shared with tax 
authorities in other EU member states (and in certain third countries subject to the terms of 
Information Exchange Agreements entered into with those countries) and jurisdictions which 
implement the CRS.

--- Page 163 ---
ٱ 
 
 
161
 
LUXEMBOURG 
Withholding Tax 
Luxembourg Resident Individuals 
Interest payments made by a Luxembourg paying agent to an individual residing in Luxembourg will 
be subject to a 10% withholding tax on the amount of the interest accrued or relating to the period of 
holding. This withholding tax represents a final taxation if the interest is income of private 
investments. 
Interest payments subject to the withholding tax include income paid from bonds or debentures 
including premiums and prizes attached to the security as well as interest accrued or capitalised at 
the sale, refund or redemption of the debt claim. 
EU Resident Individuals (EU Savings Directive) 
Interest payments made by a Luxembourg resident paying agent to an individual residing in another 
EU member State, as well as in certain dependent and associated territories, will be subject to a 
withholding tax at the rate provided in the EU Savings Directive under Art 11 (1) which is currently 
20%, except if the individual provides to his paying agent a tax exemption certificate which can be 
delivered by his tax authorities, or if the paying agent makes a communication of information to the 
tax authorities. 
Interest payments subject to the withholding tax as defined under art 6 (1)(a) and (b) of the EU 
Savings Directive include income paid from bonds or debentures including premiums and prizes 
attached to the security as well as interest accrued or capitalised at the sale, refund or redemption of 
the debt claim. 
All other persons 
No withholding tax will be levied on payments made to other persons as those mentioned above. 
However, individuals having the nationality of an EU member state who claim to reside in a non EU 
member state, may be subject to a withholding tax under the rules of the EU Savings Directive, if the 
contractual relationship with the paying agent was entered into after 31 December 2003 and they do 
not provide the paying agent with a tax identification number or a tax residence certificate of their 
country of residence. 
BELGIUM 
Income Tax and Withholding Tax on the interest of the Notes 
For Belgian income tax purposes, the Notes are to be qualified as “fixed-income securities” as 
defined in article 2, par. 1, 8° of the Income Tax Code (the “ITC”).  Not only interest coupons but any 
sum paid by the Issuer in surplus of the Issue Price, whether or not prior to the stated maturity of the 
Notes, is interest for Belgian tax purposes.   
Under present Belgian tax law, no Belgian withholding tax is due on the payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer through a non-Belgian paying agent or intermediary. If, 
however, the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is a Belgian individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax and acquires and holds the Notes, Receipts or Coupons as a private investment, 
the interest must be declared in his Belgian tax return and will generally be taxed at a rate currently 
fixed at 21 per cent. An additional tax of 4 percent will be levied on the interests and dividends of 
every separate Belgian individual subject to Belgian personal income tax that exceed the gross sum of 
EUR 13,675 per income year. This gross sum has to be converted in accordance with the customary 
Belgian consumer price indexes (e.g.: for the income year 2012, the indexed threshold is EUR 20,020).

--- Page 164 ---
ٱ 
 
 
162
 
If the Noteholder is a Belgian individual subject to Belgian personal income tax and acquires the 
Notes for professional purposes, the interest must be declared by the beneficiary and will be taxed at 
the Belgian personal income tax rates. If the Noteholder is a Belgian company subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax, or a Belgian branch of a foreign company subject to Belgian income tax on non-
residents, the interest will, in general, be taxed at the normal rates of Belgian corporate income tax 
(currently 33.99 per cent) or the Belgian income tax on non-residents (currently also 33.99 per cent). If 
a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is a Belgian legal entity subject to the Belgian income 
tax on legal entities (“rechtspersonenbelasting”/“impôt des personnes morales”) the payment of 
interest in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons is generally subject to Belgian withholding tax at a 
rate currently fixed at 21 per cent. which must be withheld by the receiving legal entity itself.  
The payment of interest in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer through a Belgian 
paying agent is in principle subject to Belgian withholding tax (at a rate currently fixed at 21 per 
cent.), unless the Belgian paying agent is a credit institution, brokerage firm or clearing and 
settlement institution who pays the interest to a foreign professional intermediary within the meaning 
of article 261, par. 4 ITC.   
Based on Belgian legislation, an exemption of withholding tax can be applied if inter alia: 
the Notes are held (as owner or usufructuary) by Noteholders (individuals or legal entities) who do 
not have their fiscal residence in Belgium and who do not use the Notes for carrying on a business in 
Belgium, and provided the Belgian paying agent or intermediary is a credit institution, brokerage 
firm or clearing or settlement institution, the Notes, other than Zero Coupon Notes, are held by a 
Belgian company subject to Belgian corporate income tax, the Notes, other than Zero Coupon Notes, 
are held by non-residents who use the Notes for carrying on a business in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment.  
In each case, the exemption of withholding tax is subject to the signing of a withholding tax 
certificate. 
Income Tax on capital gains 
Noteholders who do not have their fiscal residence in Belgium and who do not have a Belgian fixed 
base or permanent establishment to which the Notes are attributable, will not be liable for any Belgian 
income tax on capital gains. 
Noteholders who are private individuals holding the Notes as a private investment and who have 
their fiscal residence in Belgium, and Noteholders who are subject to the Belgian income tax on legal 
entities, will not be liable for any income tax on capital gains.  If however a private individual’s 
capital gains arise from transactions going beyond the daily course of management of private 
property, the private individual will be subject to income tax at a rate of 33% (plus local taxes). 
Other Noteholders who have their fiscal residence in Belgium or who use the Notes for carrying on a 
business in Belgium through a fixed base or permanent establishment will be taxable on capital gains 
realised at the occasion of the transfer of the Notes.      
Stamp Duties 
In general, Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions (“taks op de beursverrichtingen” / “tax sur les 
opérations de bourse”) will be applicable on any secondary market transaction (stock exchange as well 
as OTC) with respect to any Notes, if such transaction is either concluded or carried out in the 
Kingdom of Belgium, and if such transaction was made with the intervention of a professional 
intermediary. A separate tax is due from each of the seller and the purchaser, both collected by the 
professional intermediary. The applicable rate will be 0.09 per cent. Such tax will, however, be limited 
to a maximum amount of EUR 650 per taxable transaction and per party.  The tax will not be payable 
by exempt persons acting for their own account as defined in article 126/1, 2° of the Code of various

--- Page 165 ---
ٱ 
 
 
163
 
rights and taxes (“Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen” / “Code des droits et taxes divers”), including 
investors who are not Belgian residents (provided they confirm their non-resident status), and some 
professional intermediaries, insurance companies, collective investment institutions and pension 
funds. 
Gift, estate or inheritance tax 
Except for the gift tax payable in the case of a gift by deed made in Belgium, no gift, estate or 
inheritance tax is due in Belgium in respect of Notes, unless a Noteholder is resident in Belgium at the 
time of his death. 
European Union Savings Directive 
Under European Council Directive 2003/48/EC of June 3, 2003 on the taxation of savings income in 
the form of interest payments (the “Savings Directive”), Member States are required to provide to the 
tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest (or similar income) paid by a 
person within its jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State or to certain limited 
types of entities established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, 
Luxembourg and Austria are instead required (unless during that period they elect otherwise) to 
operate a withholding system in relation to such payments (the ending of such transitional period 
being dependent upon the conclusion of certain other agreements relating to information exchange 
with certain other countries).  
Until 31 December 2009, Belgium also operated a transitional withholding tax system as provided 
above. By two Royal Decrees dated 27 September 2009 and published in the Belgian Official Gazette 
(Belgisch Staatsblad/Moniteur Belge) on 1 October 2009, the Belgian State elected to abandon the 
transitional withholding system and provide information in accordance with the EU Saving Directive 
as from 1 January 2010. 
A number of non-EU countries including Switzerland, and certain dependent or associated territories 
of certain Member States have agreed to adopt similar measures (either provision of information or 
transitional withholding) (a withholding system in the case of Switzerland) in relation to payments 
made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident in 
a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into reciprocal provision of information 
or transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories in 
relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person for, an 
individual resident in one of those territories.  
The Council of the EU has adopted a Directive (2014/48/EU) (the “Amending Directive”) which 
will, when implemented, amend and broaden the scope of the requirements of the EU Savings 
Directive. The Amending Directive will expand the range of payments covered by the EU Savings 
Directive, in particular to include additional types of income payable on securities, and the 
circumstances in which payments must be reported or paid subject to withholding. For example, 
payments made to (or for the benefit of) (i) an entity or legal arrangement effectively managed in a 
Member State that is not subject to effective taxation, or (ii) a person, entity or legal arrangement 
established or effectively managed outside of the EU (and outside any third country or territory that 
has adopted similar measures to the EU Savings Directive) which indirectly benefit an individual 
resident in a Member State may fall within the scope of the EU Savings Directive, as amended. The 
Amending Directive requires Member States to adopt national legislation necessary to comply with it 
by 1 January 2016, which legislation must apply from 1 January 2017.

--- Page 166 ---
ٱ 
 
 
164
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Each Series of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note, unless 
the relevant Issue Terms specifies otherwise, in bearer form without Coupons, which will be 
deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) in the case of a Series intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a common depositary 
(the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg on or about the 
issue date of the relevant Notes or (b) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a 
clearing system as agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). No interest will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note, except as 
provided below. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Temporary Global Note with the Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and delivery of the Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be obliged to credit each subscriber with a principal amount of 
Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Temporary Global Note contains provisions which apply to the Bearer Notes while they 
are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Series of Notes in registered form may be represented (i) by one or more Global 
Certificates in registered form without Coupons, deposited on the Issue Date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) by Individual Certificates, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other permitted clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note 
represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his 
share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of 
such Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note or Global Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged for payment to the 
bearer of such Global Note or the holder of such Global Certificate, as the case may be, in 
respect of each amount so paid. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note, permanent Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one 
Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms and integral multiples of the Tradeable Amount in excess thereof provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 167 ---
ٱ 
 
 
165
 
3 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note after the date falling 40 days after the issue date of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form scheduled to the Trust Deed.  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable at the cost and expense of the Issuer (i) if 
the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, or (ii) if the Issuer 
would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the 
laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of applicable law which would not be suffered 
were the Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two authorised 
officers of the Issuer is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent for display to Noteholders.  
On or after the Exchange Date the holder of a Permanent Global Note may surrender such 
Permanent Global Note, or in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or 
to the order of the Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for the Permanent Global Note, or the 
part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Bearer Notes 
(having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest which has not already been paid 
on the Permanent Global Note). 
In the event that the permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes 
shall be issued in Specified Denominations only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing 
system in amounts that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase 
or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an 
integral multiple of a Specified Denomination. 
Global Certificates 
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, 
except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates”, in 
part for Individual Certificates: 
(i) 
by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders, the Registrar, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Trustee of its intention to effect such exchange; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Issue Terms provides that such Global Certificate is exchangeable at 
the request of the holder, by the holder giving notice to the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent of its election for such exchange; and 
(iii) 
otherwise, if the Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged for Individual 
Certificates and the Issuer will, free of charge against such indemnity as the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent or any relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or 
other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange, cause sufficient Individual Certificates to be executed and delivered to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar for completion, authentication and dispatch to the

--- Page 168 ---
ٱ 
 
 
166
 
relevant Noteholders. The relevant Noteholder must provide the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar with (i) a written order containing instructions and such other information as 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar may require to complete, execute 
and deliver such Individual Certificates. 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, a day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not 
less than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days and in relation 
to a Global Certificate, a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar is located 
and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes and Individual Certificates 
On or after any due date for exchange (a) the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order 
of the Principal Paying Agent and (b) the holder of any Global Certificate may, in the case of 
exchange in full, surrender such Global Certificate. In exchange for any Global Note or Global 
Certificate, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that 
part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note or a Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates, as the case may be, procure the delivery of 
the relevant Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates. Definitive Bearer Notes will be 
security printed and Individual Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules 
to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the 
holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Bearer Notes and/or Individual Certificates. 
Legend 
Each Permanent Global Note and any Bearer Note and Coupon will bear the following 
legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Code referred to in the legend provide that a United States 
taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be 
eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain realised on any sale, exchange or 
redemption of Bearer Notes or any related Coupons. 
4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing 
system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate is obliged to be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions (1) in the case of a 
Permanent Global Note, for Individual Certificates if the Permanent Global Note is 
exchangeable for Registered Notes and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for 
Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates, as the case may

--- Page 169 ---
ٱ 
 
 
167
 
be, if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms). 
5 
Presentation and surrender of Notes 
If the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note are Bearer Notes exchangeable for 
Registered Notes or if the Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate are Exchangeable Notes or Puttable Notes, the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note or Global Certificate will present the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate to or 
to the order of the Principal Paying Agent in order to effect presentation and surrender of the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate for the purposes of the 
Conditions. The date on which and the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate was presented will be endorsed on the 
appropriate schedule to the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate. On the Settlement 
Date, in the case of Exchangeable Notes, and on the Optional Redemption Date, in the case of 
Puttable Notes, the holder of the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is obliged to 
present it to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent again and the reduction in the 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding will be endorsed by the Principal Paying Agent in 
the appropriate schedule. 
6 
Payments 
No payment falling due more than 40 days after the issue date will be made on any 
Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
Definitive Bearer Notes or Individual Certificates is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any Temporary Global Note during the period up to 40 days after its issue date 
will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form scheduled to the Trust Deed. All payments in respect of Bearer Notes represented by 
a Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment 
falls to be made in respect of the Bearer Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to 
the Noteholders for such purpose. A record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the 
appropriate schedule to each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Bearer Notes. 
7 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Temporary or Permanent Global Note or a Global 
Certificate, as the case may be, and such Global Note or the Notes represented by the Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to holders of Notes of that Series 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by 
it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or 
by delivery to the relevant holder of the Global Note or the Notes represented by the Global 
Certificate, as the case may be, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be The Irish 
Times). Any notice delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other Clearing 
System (if any) as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the day on which it is 
delivered to the Common Depositary. 
8 
Prescription Period 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of payments on the Bearer Notes while the Bearer Notes 
are represented by a Global Note will become void unless presented for payment within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal and premium) and five years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 170 ---
ٱ 
 
 
168
 
9 
Meetings  
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be treated 
as being one for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, 
at any such meeting, as holding or representing such principal amount of Notes of the Series 
in respect of which the holder exercises votes (up to the maximum of the principal amount of 
the Series then represented thereby). 
10 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note required by the Conditions to be cancelled following its purchase 
will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note or, in the 
case of Registered Notes, by an appropriate entry in the Register. 
11 
Issuer Option 
If any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, 
the rights of accountholders with a clearing system through which interests in the relevant 
Global Note or Global Certificate are held will be governed by the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominee amount, at their 
discretion) or any Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
12 
Noteholders’ Option 
Any Noteholders’ option may be exercised by the holder of any Global Note or Global 
Certificate giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of 
the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and presenting such 
Global Note or Global Certificate for endorsement of exercise or (in the case of a Global 
Certificate) cancellation and reissue within the time limits specified in the Conditions. 
13 
Tradable Amounts 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or 
Global Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one 
Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and integral multiples of the 
Tradeable Amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 171 ---
ٱ 
 
 
169
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Introduction 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 28 March 2007 as amended 
and restated from time to time and as most recently amended and restated on 18 December 2017 (the 
“Dealer Agreement”) made between the Issuer and KBC Bank NV (the “Initial Dealer” and together 
with any further financial institution appointed as dealer under the Dealer Agreement, the 
“Dealers”), the Notes may be sold by the Issuer to the Dealers, who shall act as principals in relation 
to such sales. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in Series which are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. In the event that an issue of Notes is sold only in 
part to Dealers, information to this effect shall be included in the relevant Issue Terms for such issue. 
The Issuer will pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of 
them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and itself only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less 
than 30 business days’ notice.  
The names or names of the Dealer or Dealers (if any) of the Notes, the Issue Price of the Notes and, if 
listed, any commissions payable in respect thereof will be specified in the relevant Series Offering 
Document or Issue Terms, as applicable. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries.  None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or 
supplement which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of the issue of any Tranche, each Dealer 
has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, to 
comply with the following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any change in, or the 
official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would not result in 
any breach of the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has

--- Page 172 ---
ٱ 
 
 
170
 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution as determined and certified 
by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Issue Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any 
Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder. The Notes may not be directly or indirectly offered or sold, 
transferred, delivered to or for the benefit of a person if such transaction will establish for the Issuer a 
“US Reportable Account” as this term is defined in the US legislation known as FATCA (Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act). 
Each issuance of Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Currency 
Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. 
selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 173 ---
ٱ 
 
 
171
 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite, offer, place or do anything with 
respect to the Notes: 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) 
Regulations 2017, as amended (the “MiFID Regulations”), if operating in or otherwise 
involving Ireland; 
(b) 
otherwise than in compliance with all applicable provisions of MIFID II and implementing 
measures and if acting under and within the terms of an authorisation for the purposes of 
MiFID II, the terms of that authorisation and any applicable codes of conduct or practice and 
any applicable requirements of the MiFID Regulations or as imposed, or deemed to have been 
imposed, by the Central Bank pursuant to the MiFID Regulations;  
(c) 
otherwise than in compliance with the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland, as amended, 
including any codes of conduct or practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland (as amended); 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of The Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and the European 
Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland and any rules made by the Central Bank 
pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, including any rules issued under the Companies 
Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) by the Central Bank including under section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(e) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and any rules 
issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland; and 
(f) 
otherwise than in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended). 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: (a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less 
than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of 
the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; (b) it has only communicated or caused to be 
communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement 
to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and (c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.

--- Page 174 ---
ٱ 
 
 
172
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted 
separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or Notes or a 
Global Certificate or Individual Certificate initially representing the Notes of such 
Tranche. The listing of the Programme is expected to be granted on or before 18 
December 2020. The Programme provides that the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and Notes which are not admitted to trading on any market.  
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Ireland in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue and performance of 
Notes under the Programme. The establishment and update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 6 March 2007, 27 March 2008, 18 June 2009, 7 March 
2011, 14 November 2012, 11 December 2013, 17 November 2014, 18 December 2017, 10 
April 2019 and 17 December 2020. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer since 30 April 2019 and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the 30 April 2019 (being the date of its 
last published audited consolidated annual financial statements). 
4. 
The Issuer is not nor has it been since the date of its incorporation, involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have or had, in the 12 
months prior to the date hereof, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
5. 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
6. 
It is expected by the Issuer that all Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be accepted for 
clearing through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or other clearing system 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Common Code for each Series of Bearer Notes, 
together with the relevant ISIN number and the CUSIP number and/or CINS number for 
each Series of Registered Notes, will be contained in the Issue Terms or Series Offering 
Document, as applicable, relating thereto.  
7. 
From the date hereof and for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes 
issued thereunder remain outstanding, the following documents will be available for 
inspection in physical form or electronic format, during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays and Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the 
registered office of the Issuer, the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and at 
the websites indicated below: 
(i) 
the 
Master 
Trust 
Deed 
(available 
at 
https://www.kbc.be/particulieren/nl/juridische-info/documentatie-
beleggen/spv.html ); 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer (being its certificate of 
incorporation and memorandum and articles of association) (available at 
https://www.cro.ie ); and

--- Page 175 ---
ٱ 
 
 
173
 
(iii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the years ended 30 
April 2018 (also available at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/AudFin-
Arcade-300418_b37fedd6-3c5b-46d2-ba6c-c6e202797ba5.pdf) and 30 April 
2019 
(also 
available 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Arcade%20signed%20Financial%20Sta
tements%202019%20(002)_11b6d886-23f3-4783-8c3e-545f61b6feb3.pdf ). 
8. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to the 
Notes or any Series Secured Assets. 
9. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Any foreign language text that is 
included with or within this document has been included for convenience purposes only 
and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
10. 
No information on a website referred to in the Base Prospectus forms part of the Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Propsectus. 
11. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended, (the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended).   
a. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's, Fitch and S&P are established in the 
European Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such, Moody's, 
Fitch and S&P are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.

--- Page 176 ---
ٱ 
 
 
174
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Arcade Finance p.l.c. 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Trustee 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
Portfolio Manager and Administration Agent 
KBC Asset Management NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Custodian 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
Listing Agent 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited  
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers as to Irish 
law 
To the Trustee as to Irish law 
McCann FitzGerald 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 177 ---
ٱ 
 
 
175
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young  
 
Harcourt Centre 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2, 
Ireland