--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
1 
 
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg having its registered office 
at 24-26 boulevard d’Avranches, L-1160 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg under number B82.454) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(wholesale programme) 
_________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”), as a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the notes (“Notes”) issued under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve (12) months after 
the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of ArcelorMittal (“ArcelorMittal”, the “Issuer” or the “Company”) nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic or financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in such Notes.  Application has been made for the Notes, during the period of twelve (12) months after 
the date hereof, to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
(a “Regulated Market”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“EU MiFID II”) and published on the list of the regulated markets in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid until 19 November 2022, 12 months after the date of approval by the CSSF, 
provided that it is completed until such date by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. In the case of any Notes which are to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market within the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined herein) in respect of such offering, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if any) may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined herein). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of 
Notes (as defined herein) will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) 
and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or

--- Page 2 ---
2 
certified under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. The list of registered rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) will appear on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In general, EEA 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such a credit rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. This general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless an exception applies, including the relevant credit ratings having been endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency. Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk 
Factors” below. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
CIC Market Solutions 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan  
Mizuho Securities 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets  
SMBC Nikko  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
BBVA 
BNP Paribas 
BMO Capital Markets 
Commerzbank 
Goldman Sachs International  
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
NATIXIS 
Rabobank  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit 
 
 
Date: 19 November 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................... 1 
KEY ELEMENTS OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 50 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................. 62 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 63 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 67 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 114 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 115 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 137 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................ 138 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 140 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 142 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 148

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and for the Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”). This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements 
hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Issuer, 
the Programme or the Notes, other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, 
if given or made, any such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers (as defined herein) nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any 
part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in 
any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, 
if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. Any investor purchasing the Notes under this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is solely 
responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes it purchased under this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), 
and Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
2 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €10,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to “$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United 
States dollars and references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons 
to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and any invitation, 
offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with 
Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of 
its contents.  
Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be 
made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation,  
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the dealers are

--- Page 6 ---
3 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with an offer of Notes. 
For a more complete description of certain restrictions on offering and sale of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Copies of this document will be available free of charge during normal business hours on any week day (except 
public holidays) at the offices of the Issuer. 
This 
document 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/emtn-programme and the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements based on estimates and assumptions. Forward-
looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the business, future financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of ArcelorMittal, including its subsidiaries. These statements usually 
contain the words “believes”, “plans”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “estimates” or other similar 
expressions. For each of these statements, you should be aware that forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in these forward-
looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated will 
be realised or, even if realised, that they will have the expected effects on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects of ArcelorMittal.  
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made, and no 
obligation has been undertaken to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this 
prospectus or elsewhere as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by 
applicable laws and regulations.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”) RETAIL INVESTORS – If the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“EU MiFID II”), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 7 ---
4 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors (as defined above) in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any such retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”) RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but

--- Page 8 ---
5 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
6 
KEY ELEMENTS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Terms and Conditions of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms.  
This section “Key Elements of the Programme” constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. 
I. 
KEY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Issuer: 
ArcelorMittal having its registered office at 24-26 boulevard 
d’Avranches, L-1160 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg under number B 82.454.  
LEI : 2EULGUTUI56JI9SAL165 
The website of the Issuer is https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/. The 
information on such website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus, unless that information has been incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Bank of Montreal Europe PLC, Bank of Montreal, London Branch, 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs International, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH, SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH, Société 
Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve (12) months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent

--- Page 10 ---
7 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. Notes of a given Series will 
have identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”).  
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global 
Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global 
Note” or “NGN”) will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment 
of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central

--- Page 11 ---
8 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully-paid or partly-paid basis 
and at an issue-price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over-par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price and 
amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity greater than twelve (12) months or no fixed maturity 
date, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Clean-up Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by 
the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of 
any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to 
their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 to 
the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date. 
Redemption 
on 
Put 
Restructuring 
Event 
or 
Change of Control: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Noteholders in the event of a Put Restructuring Event if specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms as described in Condition 
9(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of

--- Page 12 ---
9 
Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event) or a Change of Control 
as described in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Offer to 
Purchase upon a Change of Control). 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons).  
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements provided 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).   
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of events of default and a cross 
default provision as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments, fees 
or other governmental charges of Luxembourg save as required by 
law. If any such withholding or deduction is so required, the Issuer 
will (subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
such withholding been required.  
Governing Law of the Notes: 
English law.  
Enforcement 
of 
Notes 
in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, Noteholders' rights against the Issuer will 
be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 19 November 2021, a copy 
of which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Republic of Italy, 
France and Switzerland, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS  
Prior to investing in any Notes issued under the Programme, potential investors should take into account, 
together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, the risk factors described below. Other 
considerations, including some which may not be presently known to the Issuer, or which the Issuer currently 
deems immaterial, may impact any investment in the Notes. In addition, the value of the relevant Series of 
Notes could decline due to any of these risks, and prospective investors may lose some or all of their 
investment.   
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, 
among other things, the risk factors set out below.  
ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or prospects could be materially 
adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. 
Risks Related to ArcelorMittal  
I. Risks Related to the Global Economy and the Mining and Steel Industry  
Prolonged low steel and (to a lesser extent) iron ore prices and/or low steel demand would likely have an adverse 
effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations.      
As an integrated producer of steel and iron ore, ArcelorMittal’s results of operations are sensitive to the market 
prices of, and demand for, steel and iron ore in its markets and globally. The impact of market steel prices on its 
results is direct while the impact of market iron ore prices is both direct and indirect, as ArcelorMittal sells iron ore 
on the market to third parties (in which case it benefits from higher iron ore market prices), and indirect, as iron ore 
is a principal raw material used in steel production and fluctuations in its market price are typically and eventually 
(with the timing dependent on steel market conditions) passed through to steel prices (with any lags in passing on 
higher prices “squeezing” steel margins, as discussed below). Steel and iron ore prices are affected by supply and 
demand trends and inventory cycles. In terms of demand, steel and iron ore prices are sensitive to trends in cyclical 
industries, such as the automotive, construction, appliance, machinery, equipment and transportation industries, 
which are significant markets for ArcelorMittal’s products. More generally, steel and iron ore prices are sensitive to 
macroeconomic fluctuations in the global economy which are impacted by many factors ranging from trade and 
geopolitical tensions to global and regional monetary policy to specific disruptive events such as pandemics and 
natural disasters. In the past, substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness have not always been 
offset by commensurate price increases during periods of economic strength. In addition, as further discussed below, 
excess supply relative to demand for steel in local markets generally results in increased exports and drives down 
global prices. In terms of inventory, steel stocking and destocking cycles affect apparent demand for steel and hence 
steel prices and steel producers’ profitability. For example, steel distributors may accumulate substantial steel 
inventories in periods of low prices and, in periods of rising real demand for steel from end-users, steel distributors 
may sell steel from inventory (destock), thereby delaying the effective implementation of steel price increases.

--- Page 15 ---
12 
Conversely, steel price decreases can sometimes develop their own momentum, as customers adopt a “wait and see” 
attitude and destock in the expectation of further price decreases.   
As a result of these factors, steel and iron ore prices have come under pressure at various points in recent periods. 
In 2019, steel market conditions deteriorated significantly due to a decline in steel prices (lower demand in Europe 
and the U.S., higher imports in Europe and additional domestic supply and the effect of customer destocking in the 
U.S.) and higher raw material costs (particularly in iron ore due to supply-side developments in Brazil and 
Australia), resulting in a negative price-cost effect. As a result, ArcelorMittal’s steel segments recorded significantly 
lower operating income in 2019, including charges of $0.8 billion primarily related to inventory and impairment 
charges of $1.9 billion. Steel market conditions deteriorated further in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its 
economic ramifications. For example, apparent steel consumption in the EU fell 18.4% year-on-year in the first half 
of 2020 and, ArcelorMittal reduced production and temporarily idled steelmaking and finishing assets, with 
corresponding adverse volume and (as discussed below) price effects. This weighed on the Company’s results in 
2020, especially in the second quarter of 2020 when steel shipments were down 34.7% compared to the second 
quarter of 2019.    
Steel and iron ore price trends are difficult to predict, due in particular to their sensitivity to the geopolitical and 
macro-economic environment. Trade relations also affect the supply-demand relationship and hence prices. For 
example, while the imposition of tariffs in the United States at a rate of 25% supported local market steel prices in 
2018, further tariffs and retaliatory protectionist measures by other countries, particularly in the broader context of 
global trade tensions (especially between the United States and China), may at any point in the future have a 
significant negative impact on global trade and ultimately economic growth, steel demand and steel and iron ore 
prices. A significant example of the impact of the macro-economic trends on steel prices has been the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic and its economic ramifications. The overall effect in 2020 (subject to some specific 
geographic exceptions) was a decline which began towards the end of the first quarter of 2020 (after prices had 
generally improved in the beginning of the year) and which then began to improve during the third quarter of 2020. 
The impact on prices going forward will be determined by such factors as the duration of the pandemic, the industry 
supply response and any impacts on input costs, including potential changes in raw material input prices (the latter 
having increased in the second and third quarters of 2020 due to improved demand conditions (e.g., renewed 
economic activity in China) and supply constraints in Brazil due to the impact of COVID-19). The extent of the 
economic damage attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain, differs from country to country due 
to the duration and scope of the restrictions put in place to reduce the rate of infections and hospitalizations, the 
development and spread of variants of COVID-19 and both health and regulatory dynamics until effective vaccines 
are widely available. While activity in steel consuming industries recommenced or increased during the second and 
third quarters due to the partial or complete lifting of restrictions (or the exception of industrial activity from them), 
new restrictions were implemented in the fourth quarter of 2020 due to second waves and continued to be 
implemented in the first part of 2021. Nonetheless, the activity in steel consuming industries continued to strengthen 
in the fourth quarter of 2020 and into 2021. GDP and steel demand contracted in 2020. While GDP and steel demand 
are expected to continue to improve in 2021 in most regions, uncertainty is high and the speed and duration of any 
recovery will depend on a number of factors beyond the Company’s control, including the nature and duration of 
restrictions that remain in place or may be reinstituted, the effectiveness of vaccines as new variants of COVID-19 
appear and spread, levels of unemployment, the decrease in wider corporate profitability as a result, and the level 
of fiscal policy support available. The Company has therefore made and will continue to need to make ongoing 
decisions to adjust production in various geographies in accordance with the level of steel demand and government

--- Page 16 ---
13 
requirements. A scenario of prolonged low steel and (to a lesser extent or if simultaneous) iron ore prices whether 
or not combined with low steel demand, including as a result of such macroeconomic trends described above and 
geopolitical issues, would have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations and financial 
condition.   
Volatility in the supply and prices of raw materials, energy and transportation, and volatility in steel prices or 
mismatches between steel prices and raw material prices could adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s results of 
operations.    
The prices of steel, iron ore, coking coal and scrap have been highly volatile in recent years. Volatility in steel and 
raw material prices can result from many factors including: trends in demand for iron ore in the steel industry itself, 
and particularly from Chinese steel producers (as the largest group of producers); industry structural factors 
(including the oligopolistic nature of the seaborne iron ore industry and the fragmented nature of the steel industry); 
the expectation or imposition of corrective trade measures such as tariffs; massive stocking and destocking activities 
(sudden drops in prices can lead end-users to delay orders pushing prices down further); speculation; new laws or 
regulations; changes in the supply of iron ore, in particular due to new mines coming into operation; business 
continuity of suppliers; changes in pricing models or contract arrangements; expansion projects of suppliers; 
worldwide production, including interruptions thereof by suppliers; capacity-utilization rates; accidents or other 
similar events at suppliers’ premises or along the supply chain as occurred in 2019; wars, natural disasters, public 
health epidemics (such as the outbreak of COVID-19, which reached a pandemic level in early 2020 and 
substantially depressed demand for steel for an extended period), political disruption and other similar events; 
fluctuations in exchange rates; the bargaining power of raw material suppliers and the availability and cost of 
transportation. For further information on the movement of raw material prices in recent years, see “Operating and 
financial review—Economic conditions—Raw materials” of the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus). 
As a producer and seller of steel, the Company is directly exposed to fluctuations in the market price for steel, iron 
ore, coking coal and other raw materials, energy and transportation. In particular, steel production consumes 
substantial amounts of raw materials including iron ore, coking coal and coke, and the production of direct reduced 
iron, the production of steel in electric arc furnaces and the re-heating of steel involve the use of significant amounts 
of energy, making steel companies dependent on the price of and their reliable access to supplies of raw materials 
and energy. Although ArcelorMittal has substantial sources of iron ore and coal from its own mines (the Company’s 
self-sufficiency rates were 65% for iron ore and 14% for PCI and coal in 2020), it nevertheless remains exposed to 
volatility in the supply and price of iron ore and coking coal given that it obtains a significant portion of such raw 
materials under supply contracts from third parties. For additional details on ArcelorMittal’s raw materials supply 
and self-sufficiency, see “Business overview—Products—Mining products—Other raw materials and energy” of 
the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Furthermore, while steel and raw material (in particular iron ore and coking coal) price trends have historically been 
correlated, a lack of correlation or an abnormal lag in the corollary relationship between raw material and steel 
prices may also occur and result in a “price-cost effect” in the steel industry. ArcelorMittal has experienced negative 
price-cost effects (or “squeezes”) at various points in recent years including in 2019 and 2020 and may continue to 
do so. In some of ArcelorMittal’s segments, in particular Europe and NAFTA, there are several months between 
raw material purchases and sales of steel products incorporating those materials, rendering them particularly 
susceptible to price-cost effect. For example, coking coal sourced from Australia takes several weeks to reach

--- Page 17 ---
14 
Europe (e.g. ~4 weeks sailing time, plus loading/unloading time at ports), creating a structural lag. Sudden spikes 
in raw materials, such as coking coal, have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. Because ArcelorMittal 
sources a substantial portion of its raw materials through long-term contracts with quarterly (or more frequent) 
formula-based or negotiated price adjustments and as a steel producer sells a substantial part of its steel products at 
spot prices, it faces the risk of adverse differentials between its own production costs, which are affected by global 
raw materials and scrap prices, on the one hand, and trends for steel prices in regional markets, on the other hand. 
In 2019, the significant decline in steel prices (due to lower demand and higher imports, among other things) and 
significant increase of iron ore prices among other trends due in part to supply shocks following the collapse of the 
Brumadinho dam owned by Vale in Brazil and a heavy cyclone season in Australia weighed heavily on the 
profitability of the Company's steel business. In 2020, the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions 
on steel demand led to lower spreads as steel prices declined, in particular in the second quarter of 2020. Prices 
remained low in the third quarter of 2020 (due in part to price lag), while raw material costs, especially iron ore, 
remained broadly stable, underpinned by the strong rebound in Chinese demand, resulting in a price-cost squeeze. 
In the fourth quarter, with the recovery of steel demand in the world ex-China, there was a recovery in steel and iron 
ore prices, while prices for coking coal decreased and remained stable throughout the fourth quarter due to the 
Chinese ban on Australian coals. While the significant increase in steel prices in the fourth quarter of 2020 resulted 
in a multi-year high in steel spreads (which was not fully reflected in the Company’s performance due to lag effect), 
the duration of these favorable conditions is highly uncertain. If raw material prices were to increase substantially 
while demand for steel were to decrease, the steel sector would again experience a negative price-cost effect.  
Another area of exposure to price volatility is transportation. Freight costs (i.e., shipping) are an important 
component of ArcelorMittal’s cost of goods sold. In particular, if freight costs were to increase before iron ore or 
steel prices or if transportation is significantly disrupted as a result of new measures implemented to limit the spread 
of COVID-19 or for any other reason, this would directly and mechanically weigh on ArcelorMittal’s profitability 
(although it would make imports into its markets less competitive).   
Excess capacity and oversupply in the steel industry and in the iron ore mining industry have in the past and 
may continue in the future to weigh on the profitability of steel producers, including ArcelorMittal.   
The steel industry is affected by global and regional production capacity and fluctuations in steel imports and 
exports, which are themselves affected by the existence and amounts of tariffs and customer stocking and destocking 
cycles. The steel industry has historically suffered from structural overcapacity globally, and the current global 
steelmaking capacity exceeds the current global consumption of steel. This overcapacity is affected by global 
macroeconomic trends and amplified during periods of global or regional economic weakness, leading to weaker 
global or regional demand. In particular, China is both the largest global steel consumer and the largest global steel 
producer by a large margin, and the balance between its domestic production and consumption has been an important 
factor influencing global steel prices, such as in 2015, when Chinese domestic steel demand weakened resulting in 
a surge in Chinese steel exports. While the structural imbalance between Chinese supply and demand has been 
reduced by capacity eliminations in recent years, less strict capacity constraints and capacity creep may result in 
increasing overcapacity. In addition, a significant increase in Chinese capacity and/or a significant decrease in 
Chinese demand could lead to a renewed flood of Chinese steel exports. In the long-term, Chinese steel demand is 
expected to decline, as the economy slows, the need for large infrastructure projects wanes and pace of urbanization 
moderates. In addition, other developing markets (such as Brazil, Russia and Ukraine) continue to show structural 
overcapacity when experiencing decreased domestic demand as a result of weakening economic conditions, and

--- Page 18 ---
15 
developed Asia continues to exhibit overcapacity and the need to export significant volumes. Regional steel markets 
are also vulnerable at times of economic crisis in countries with significant steelmaking capacity. One such example 
is Turkey where a currency crisis caused domestic demand to decline sharply during the second half of 2018 and 
led to an increase in exports, particularly long steel products. The European steel market is particularly sensitive to 
decreases in demand as well as supply spikes from imports due to remaining structural overcapacity. For example, 
in response to a weak demand environment in Europe in the first half of 2019, the Company announced that it would 
temporarily reduce its European steelmaking capacity with total annualized production cuts of 4.2 million tonnes. 
In 2020, steel demand decreased substantially in response to the economic ramifications of the lockdowns imposed 
to restrict the spread of COVID-19 infections. Steel demand in EU28 fell by around 25% year-on-year during the 
second quarter of 2020 at the height of the restrictions but improved sharply during the second half of the year. 
Despite new restrictions that were implemented in the fourth quarter of 2020 and into 2021, manufacturing has been 
broadly unaffected, and steel supply has failed to keep pace with the recovery in underlying steel demand, causing 
prices to increase. The impact of past, ongoing and potential future restrictions on the level and stability of GDP 
and steel demand in 2021 will be dependent on factors beyond the Company’s control as described earlier. The 
Company's sales and profitability may be materially or adversely affected the longer restrictions remain in place 
and the extent to which they are tightened and accordingly the greater the impact on employment and corporate 
profitability. 
The overcapacity of steel production in the developing world and in China in particular has weighed on global steel 
prices at times over the past decade, as exports have surged to Europe and NAFTA, ArcelorMittal’s principal 
markets, often at low prices that may be at or below the cost of production, depressing steel prices in regional 
markets world-wide (See the following risk factor). If global demand continues to weaken or does not improve, the 
effects of such a phenomenon could increase.   
Finally, excess iron ore supply coupled with decreased demand in iron ore consuming industries, such as steel, led 
to a prolonged depression of iron ore prices at various points in recent years, for example in 2015, which in turn 
weighed on steel prices as iron ore is a principal raw material in steelmaking. While the iron ore supply/demand 
balance was more favorable in subsequent periods and iron ore prices were strong in 2019 and 2020, no assurance 
can be given that it will not deteriorate again, particularly if Chinese steel demand declines, worldwide capacity 
increases due to new construction, production is restarted or steel demand declines again due to the COVID-19 
pandemic (the extent and duration of which are highly uncertain and may be prolonged). A renewed phase of steel 
and iron ore oversupply would likely have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations and 
financial condition.   
Unfair trade practices, import tariffs and/or barriers to free trade could negatively affect steel prices and 
ArcelorMittal’s results of operations in various markets.   
ArcelorMittal is exposed to the effects of “dumping” and other unfair trade and pricing practices by competitors. 
Moreover, government subsidies to the steel industry remain widespread in certain countries, particularly those with 
centrally-controlled economies such as China. In periods of lower global demand for steel, there is an increased risk 
of additional volumes of unfairly-traded steel exports into various markets, including North America and Europe 
and other markets such as South Africa, in which ArcelorMittal produces and sells its products. Such imports have 
had and could in the future have the effect of further reducing prices and demand for ArcelorMittal’s products.

--- Page 19 ---
16 
Exports of low-cost steel products from developing countries, along with a lack of effective remedial trade policies, 
can depress steel prices in various markets globally, including in ArcelorMittal’s key markets. Conversely, 
ArcelorMittal is exposed to the effects of import tariffs, other trade barriers and protectionist policies more generally 
due to the global nature of its operations. Various countries have instituted, and may institute import tariffs and 
barriers that could, depending on the nature of the measures adopted, adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s business by 
limiting the Company’s access to or competitiveness in steel markets. While such protectionist measures can help 
the producers in the adopting country, they may be ineffective, raise the risk of exports being directed to markets 
where no such measures are in place or are less effective and/or result in retaliatory measures. Moreover, absent 
government intervention, European steel producers who will bear increasingly high costs to reduce carbon emissions 
(or pay for allowances) will be at a competitive disadvantage versus importers from developing countries with lower 
environmental standards. In addition, the economic ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic have increased the 
risk of steel imports into ArcelorMittal’s principal markets.  
More generally, the current state of trade relations globally with trade disputes leading to the imposition of tariffs 
and then retaliatory measures, as seen in the recent period in various markets (U.S./China, U.S./Europe, etc.) has 
and could continue to directly (in the case of tariffs) or indirectly (in the case of economic growth generally) have 
a significant adverse effect on demand for and the price of steel and hence on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations 
and financial condition.   
Developments in the competitive environment in the steel industry could have an adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s 
competitive position and hence its business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.   
The markets in which steel companies operate are highly competitive. Competition, in the form of established 
producers expanding in new markets, smaller producers increasing production in anticipation of demand increases 
or amid recoveries, or exporters selling excess capacity from markets such as China, could cause ArcelorMittal to 
lose market share, increase expenditures or reduce pricing. For example, in the CIS, as regional competitors improve 
operational efficiency and increase capacity, ArcelorMittal’s market share may be affected. Any of these 
developments could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects.   
Competition from other materials and alternative steel based technologies could reduce market prices and 
demand for steel products and thereby reduce ArcelorMittal’s cash flows and profitability. 
In many applications, steel competes with other materials that may be used as substitutes, such as aluminum, 
concrete, composites, glass, plastic and wood. In particular, as a result of increasingly stringent regulatory 
requirements, as well as developments in alternative materials, designers, engineers and industrial manufacturers, 
especially those in the automotive industry have increased their use of lighter weight and alternative materials, such 
as aluminum and plastics in their products.     
In the automotive area, ArcelorMittal has introduced new advanced high-strength steel products, such as Usibor® 
2000, Ductibor® 1000 and Fortiform® a new 3rd generation advanced high strength steel for cold stamping, new 
engineering S-in motion® projects and a dedicated electric iCARe® range to respond to the shift toward electric 
cars. In the construction area, ArcelorMittal launched Steligence®, a unique holistic commercial approach with a 
complete set of products, services and solutions. See “Business overview—Research and development” in the 2020 
Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Despite these product innovations, a loss of market 
share to substitute materials, increased government regulatory initiatives favoring the use of alternative materials,

--- Page 20 ---
17 
as well as the development of additional new substitutes for steel products could significantly reduce market prices 
and demand for steel products and thereby reduce ArcelorMittal’s cash flows and profitability.   
While in 2020, the Company started to offer its customers equivalent green steel tonnes by way of a certification 
system linked to CO2 savings, achieved through investment in decarbonization technologies, additive manufacturing 
or new technologies such as carbon free steelmaking could result in a loss of market share if competitors develop 
and deploy this kind of technology before ArcelorMittal. In addition, ArcelorMittal may not invest as efficiently or 
rapidly as its competitors in low carbon steel projects. For example, certain of ArcelorMittal’s competitors have 
commissioned projects with the goal of offering significant amounts of low CO2 steel in the medium term. In 
addition, to the extent regulatory requirements and/or customer demand for low carbon or carbon neutral steel 
increase, competition with respect to low CO2 steel technologies may become more significant. 
II. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s operations  
ArcelorMittal’s level of profitability and cash flow currently is and, depending on market and operating 
conditions, may in the future be, substantially affected by its ability to reduce costs and improve operating 
efficiency.   
The steel industry has historically been cyclical, periodically experiencing difficult operating conditions. In light of 
this, ArcelorMittal has historically and increasingly in recent periods, taken initiatives to reduce its costs and 
increase its operating efficiency including through various asset optimization and other programs. The most recent 
of these programs is the $1.0 billion cost reduction program announced in February 2021 to ensure that a significant 
portion of cost savings achieved during the COVID-19 crisis are sustained. The cost reduction plan includes 
footprint optimization with Krakow's steel shop closure, productivity improvements from maintenance in South 
Africa, digital transformation and restructuring to improve productivity in Brazil and insourcing high cost 
downstream activities in Brazil. It also includes selling, general and administrative savings through a 20% corporate 
headcount reduction and further savings in Mexico (headcount savings and optimization, work outsourcing, 
optimization of office space and activity centralization). The sale of ArcelorMittal USA to Cleveland-Cliffs 
additionally improved overall cost competitiveness.  Failure to implement the Company’s announced cost-saving 
initiatives fully could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s profitability and cash flows.   
ArcelorMittal has incurred and may incur in the future operating costs when production capacity is idled or 
increased costs to resume production at idled facilities.    
ArcelorMittal’s decisions about which facilities to operate and at which levels are made based upon customers’ 
orders for products as well as the capabilities and cost performance of the Company’s facilities. Considering 
temporary or structural overcapacity in the current market situation, production operations are concentrated at 
several plant locations and certain facilities are idled in response to customer demand, although operating costs are 
still incurred at such idled facilities. When idled facilities are restarted, ArcelorMittal incurs costs to replenish raw 
material inventories, prepare the previously idled facilities for operation, perform the required repair and 
maintenance activities and prepare employees to return to work safely and resume production responsibilities. Such 
costs could have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. In particular, given the 
significant deterioration in economic activity and steel market conditions since measures to contain the COVID-19 
pandemic were introduced, the Company was required to adapt its operations for much of 2020, in particular 
temporarily idling production during lockdown and with a leaner cost structure. The Company began taking actions 
during the third quarter of 2020, including the announced permanent closure of the blast furnace in Kraków, Poland.

--- Page 21 ---
18 
ArcelorMittal could experience labor disputes that may disrupt its operations and its relationships with its 
customers and its ability to rationalize operations and reduce labor costs in certain markets may be limited in 
practice or encounter implementation difficulties.   
A majority of the employees of ArcelorMittal and of its contractors are represented by labor unions and are covered 
by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. Strikes or work 
stoppages could occur prior to, or during, negotiations preceding new collective bargaining agreements, during wage 
and benefits negotiations or during other periods for other reasons, in particular in connection with any announced 
intentions to adapt the footprint. ArcelorMittal may experience strikes and work stoppages at various 
facilities. Prolonged strikes or work stoppages, which may increase in their severity and frequency, may have an 
adverse effect on the operations and financial results of ArcelorMittal. The depressed economic environment in 
recent years in South Africa led ArcelorMittal South Africa to initiate workforce reorganizations and reductions in 
2018, 2019 and 2020 (see also “Management and employees—Employees” in the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus)). As a result, ArcelorMittal South Africa sought to rationalize operations 
through temporary or permanent idling and/or closure of plants, with for example the closure of Saldanha operations. 
Matters related to remuneration for 2020 were significantly affected by the economic impacts of recession and the 
COVID-19 pandemic and lockdown and are subject to ongoing engagements with employee representatives. 
In Italy, given the ongoing challenges faced by steelmakers at ArcelorMittal Italia, the unions made claims for urgent 
measures to ensure the health and safety of the workers and the resumption of stable social relations.  
Most recently, in response to the economic ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic, throughout much of 2020, 
ArcelorMittal has reduced production and implemented, and continues to implement, cost reduction measures, 
including temporary and permanent workforce reductions. Initiatives such as these have in the past and may in the 
future lead to protracted labor disputes and political controversy. For example, ArcelorMittal France faced an 
unlimited strike beginning on 5 October 2020 in response to continued work throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, 
including requests for hazard pay and continued pay in the event of idled production. No assurance can be given 
that further labor disputes relating to the health crisis and its ramifications will not arise in the future, in particular 
if additional measures are implemented or are prolonged. 
Disruptions to ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing processes caused for example by equipment failures, natural 
disasters, epidemics or pandemics or extreme weather events could adversely affect its operations, customer 
service levels and financial results.   
Steel manufacturing processes are dependent on critical steel-making equipment, such as furnaces, continuous 
casters, rolling mills and electrical equipment (such as transformers), and such equipment may incur downtime as 
a result of unanticipated failures or other events, such as fires, explosions, furnace breakdowns or as a result of 
natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics or severe weather conditions. ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing plants have 
experienced, and may in the future experience, plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of such 
equipment failures or other events, for example the collapse of the oxygen and nitrogen pipelines in November 2018 
at ArcelorMittal Temirtau, the fire in a conveyor belt of the coke plant in ArcelorMittal Asturias in Aviles in October 
2018, an electrical failure resulting in the temporary stoppage of the concentrator at ArcelorMittal Mines Canada in 
2019, a fire in the gas cleaning section of the coke plant in Dunkirk in 2020 and the hot blast stove explosion in 
Burns Harbor in 2020.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
In 2020, in response to the economic ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic, ArcelorMittal reduced production. 
To the extent that lost production as a result of such disruptions cannot be compensated for by unaffected facilities, 
such disruptions could have an adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s operations, customer service levels and results of 
operations.   
Additionally, ArcelorMittal operates in Liberia, which underwent an Ebola virus epidemic in 2014 and 2015; its 
operations and projects in the country were substantially affected. Currently, the COVID-19 pandemic has been and 
continues to affect many regions of the world with differing degrees of severity and viral peaks possibly still to 
come in emerging market regions, and its economic ramifications have provoked regional and global recessions. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is having, and future epidemics or pandemics, may have, a material adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s operations, production targets and expansion plans in the markets in which it operates and, more 
generally, on its results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, natural disasters and severe weather conditions could lead to significant damage at ArcelorMittal’s 
production facilities and general infrastructure. For example, ArcelorMittal Mexico’s production facilities located 
in Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, Mexico are located in or close to areas prone to earthquakes. The Lázaro Cárdenas 
area has, in addition, been subject to a number of tsunamis in the past. The site of the joint venture AM/NS Calvert 
(“Calvert”) in the United States is located in an area subject to tornados and hurricanes. ArcelorMittal also has assets 
in locations subject to bush fires, specifically in Kazakhstan and South Africa, and to Arctic freeze. More generally, 
changing weather patterns and climatic conditions in recent years, possibly due to global warming, have added to 
the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters.   
For example, on 10 July 2019 an extreme storm disabled a crane that unloads from ships iron ore used in the blast 
furnaces at the Taranto plant in Italy, causing a fatality and subsequently affecting a portion of its raw material 
supply. Severe weather conditions can also affect ArcelorMittal’s operations in particular due to the long supply 
chain for certain of its operations and the location of certain operations in areas subject to harsh winter conditions 
(i.e., Canada and Kazakhstan) or areas that are susceptible to droughts (i.e., South Africa and Brazil). Flooding has 
also affected ArcelorMittal's operations, including at ArcelorMittal Asturias in Aviles, Spain in June 2018 and in 
Liberia in the third quarter of 2018, when heavy rains during the wet season caused handling and logistic constraints 
that impacted shipment volumes. Damage to ArcelorMittal production facilities due to natural disasters and severe 
weather conditions could, to the extent that lost production cannot be compensated for by unaffected facilities, 
adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition.    
ArcelorMittal’s insurance policies provide limited coverage, potentially leaving it uninsured against some 
business risks.   
The occurrence of an event that is uninsurable or not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. ArcelorMittal maintains insurance 
on property and equipment in amounts believed to be consistent with industry practices, but it is not fully insured 
against all such risks. ArcelorMittal’s insurance policies cover physical loss or damage to its property and equipment 
on a reinstatement basis as arising from a number of specified risks and certain consequential losses, including 
business interruption arising from the occurrence of an insured event under the policies. Under ArcelorMittal’s 
property and equipment policies, damages and losses caused by certain natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods 
and windstorms, are also covered.

--- Page 23 ---
20 
ArcelorMittal also purchases worldwide third-party public and product liability insurance coverage for all of its 
subsidiaries. Various other types of insurance are also maintained, such as comprehensive construction and 
contractor insurance for its greenfield and major capital expenditures projects, directors and officers liability, 
transport, and charterers’ liability, as well as other customary policies such as car insurance, travel assistance and 
medical insurance.   
In addition, ArcelorMittal maintains trade credit insurance on receivables from selected customers, subject to limits 
that it believes are consistent with those in the industry, in order to protect it against the risk of non-payment due to 
customers’ insolvency or other causes. Not all of ArcelorMittal’s customers are or can be insured, and even when 
insurance is available, it may not fully cover the exposure.   
Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries carry, the occurrence of an event or 
series of events (such as, among others, a pandemic) that may result in losses in excess of limits specified under the 
relevant policy, or losses not covered by insurance policies, could materially harm ArcelorMittal’s financial 
condition and future operating results.    
ArcelorMittal’s reputation and business could be materially harmed as a result of data breaches, data theft, 
unauthorized access or successful hacking.   
ArcelorMittal’s operations depend on the secure and reliable performance of its information technology systems. 
An increasing number of companies, including ArcelorMittal, have recently experienced intrusion attempts or even 
breaches of their information technology security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted 
attacks on their computer networks. ArcelorMittal’s corporate website was the target of a hacking attack in January 
2012, which brought the website down for several days, and phishing, ransomware and virus attacks have been 
increasing in more recent years through 2020, with WannaCry impacting the Company in March 2018 and 
ransomware Eight in South Africa in 2020. Adverse consequences of technological advances like Industry 4.0, 
Cloud computing, Internet of Things, and Blockchain may increase threats or cause damage to ArcelorMittal, for 
example by impacting shop-floor systems supporting production and maintenance and thereby forcing plant 
operations revert to manual mode with loss of production, resulting in new risks to ArcelorMittal's operations and 
systems.     
Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change 
frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, the Company may be unable to anticipate 
these techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures.   
If unauthorized parties attempt or manage to bring down the Company’s website or force access into its information 
technology systems, they may be able to misappropriate confidential information, cause interruptions in the 
Company’s operations, damage its computers or process control systems or otherwise damage its reputation and 
business. In such circumstances, the Company could be held liable or be subject to regulatory or other actions for 
breaching confidentiality and personal data protection rules. Any compromise of the security of the Company’s 
information technology systems could result in a loss of confidence in the Company’s security measures and subject 
it to litigation, civil or criminal penalties, and adverse publicity that could adversely affect its reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
III. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s Mining activities  
ArcelorMittal’s mining operations are subject to risks associated with mining activities.   
ArcelorMittal's mining operations are subject to the hazards and risks usually associated with the exploration, 
development and production of natural resources, any of which could result in production shortfalls or damage to 
persons or property. In particular, the hazards associated with open-pit mining operations include, among others:   
• 
flooding of the open pit;   
• 
collapse of the open-pit wall;   
• 
accidents associated with the operation of large open-pit mining and rock transportation equipment;   
• 
accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of large-scale open-pit blasting operations;   
• 
production disruptions or difficulties associated with mining in extreme weather conditions;   
• 
hazards associated with the disposal of mineralized waste water, such as groundwater and waterway 
contamination; and   
• 
collapse of tailings ponds dams.   
Hazards associated with underground mining operations, of which ArcelorMittal has several, include, among others:   
• 
underground fires and explosions, including those caused by flammable gas;   
• 
gas and coal outbursts;   
• 
cave-ins or falls of ground;   
• 
discharges of gases and toxic chemicals;   
• 
flooding;   
• 
sinkhole formation and ground subsidence; and   
• 
blasting, removing, and processing material from an underground mine.   
ArcelorMittal is exposed to all of these hazards. The occurrence of any of the events listed above could delay 
production, increase production costs and result in death or injury to persons, damage to property and liability for 
ArcelorMittal, some or all of which may not be covered by insurance, as well as substantially harm ArcelorMittal’s 
reputation, both as a Company focused on ensuring the health and safety of its employees and more generally.    
ArcelorMittal’s reserve estimates may materially differ from mineral quantities that it may be able to actually 
recover; ArcelorMittal’s estimates of mine life may prove inaccurate; and market price fluctuations and changes 
in operating and capital costs may render certain ore reserves uneconomical to mine.   
ArcelorMittal’s reported reserves are estimated quantities of the ore and metallurgical coal that it has determined 
can be economically mined and processed under present and anticipated conditions to extract their mineral content. 
There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves and in projecting potential future rates 
of mineral production, including factors beyond ArcelorMittal’s control. The process of estimating reserves involves 
estimating deposits of minerals that cannot be measured in an exact manner, and the accuracy of any reserve estimate

--- Page 25 ---
22 
is a function of the quality of available data, engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. As a result, no 
assurance can be given that the estimated amounts of iron ore and coal will be recovered or that it will be recovered 
at the anticipated rates. Estimates may vary, and results of mining and production subsequent to the date of an 
estimate may lead to revisions of estimates. Reserve estimates and estimates of mine life may require revisions 
based on actual market conditions, production experience and other factors. Fluctuations in the market prices of 
minerals and metals, reduced recovery rates or increased operating and capital costs due to inflation, exchange rates, 
mining duties, changes in regulatory requirements or other factors may render proven and probable reserves 
uneconomic to exploit and may ultimately result in a revision of reserves. In particular, a prolonged period of low 
prices or other indicators could lead to a review of the Group’s reserves. Such review would reflect the Company’s 
view based on estimates, assumptions and judgments and could result in a reduction in the Group’s reported reserves. 
The Group’s reserve estimates do not exceed the quantities that the Company estimates could be extracted 
economically if future prices were at similar levels to the average contracted price for the previous three years. As 
a result, if the average contracted prices decline in the subsequent period, including sharply (given the historical 
volatility and wide swings in iron ore prices), the Company’s estimates of its reserves at year-end may decline.   
In addition, substantial time and expenditures are required to:   
• 
establish mineral reserves through drilling;   
• 
determine appropriate mining and metallurgical processes for optimizing the recovery of saleable product 
from iron ore and coal reserves;   
• 
obtain environmental and other licenses or securing surface rights with local communities;   
• 
construct mining and processing facilities and the infrastructure required for greenfield properties;   
• 
extract the saleable products from the mined iron ore or coal; and   
• 
maintain the appropriate blend of ore to ensure the final product qualities expected by the customer are 
achieved.   
If a project proves not to be economically feasible by the time ArcelorMittal is able to exploit it, ArcelorMittal may 
incur substantial losses and be obliged to recognize impairments. In addition, potential changes or complications 
involving metallurgical and other technological processes that arise during the life of a project may result in delays 
and cost overruns that may render the project not economically feasible.   
ArcelorMittal faces rising extraction costs over time as reserves deplete.   
Reserves are gradually depleted in the ordinary course of a given mining operation. As mining progresses, distances 
to the primary crusher and to waste deposits become longer, pits become steeper and underground operations 
become deeper, all of which are considered in reserve estimates. As a result, ArcelorMittal usually experiences 
rising unit extraction costs over time with respect to each of its mines.

--- Page 26 ---
23 
IV. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s acquisitions and investments  
ArcelorMittal has grown through acquisitions and may continue to do so. Failure to manage external growth 
and difficulties completing planned acquisitions or integrating acquired companies could harm ArcelorMittal’s 
future results of operations, financial condition and prospects.   
The Company was formed and subsequently grew through mergers and acquisitions. After curtailing its large-scale 
M&A activity for several years following the 2008 financial crisis, it has made several large acquisitions in recent 
years, including its acquisition (via a joint venture) of Calvert in 2014, of a long steel business ArcelorMittal Sul 
Fluminense (“AMSF”) in 2018, ArcelorMittal Italia via a long-term lease and conditional purchase agreement in 
2018 and AMNS India via a joint venture in 2019. 
To the extent ArcelorMittal continues to pursue significant acquisitions, financing of such acquisitions may 
(depending on the structure) result in increased debt, leverage and gearing. Acquisitions also entail increased 
operating costs, as well as greater allocation of management resources away from daily operations. Managing 
acquisitions requires the continued development of ArcelorMittal’s financial and management information control 
systems, the integration of acquired assets with existing operations, the adoption of manufacturing best practices, 
handling any labor disruptions that may arise, attracting and retaining qualified management and personnel as well 
as the continued training and supervision of such personnel, and the ability to manage the risks and liabilities 
associated with the acquired businesses. Failure to manage acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.    
ArcelorMittal may fail or encounter further difficulties to implement its strategy with respect to ArcelorMittal 
Italia and incur further losses.    
The Company has encountered and may continue to encounter difficulties in implementing its strategy with respect 
to ArcelorMittal Italia. In particular, pursuant to the initial agreement for the lease and subsequent conditional 
purchase of the business, ArcelorMittal Italia has been implementing major improvements involving substantial 
capital expenditures designed to bring ArcelorMittal Italia up to and beyond EU environmental standards, to 
improve its operational performance, to rebuild client confidence and to integrate personnel and apply the 
Company’s best practices and expertise. The implementation of these improvements has been subject to various 
obstacles, including the unexpected legal, regulatory and operational developments encountered in 2019 and the 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy, which led to a significant reduction in the Taranto plant’s production 
beginning mid-March 2020. These delays were particularly costly as ArcelorMittal Italia has been loss-making since 
its consolidation in ArcelorMittal's results in November 2018, particularly in light of the recent market environment.  
On 4 November 2019, ArcelorMittal sent to the Commissioners managing the Ilva insolvency procedure (the 
“Commissioners”) a notice to withdraw from or terminate lease and conditional purchase agreement and return the 
business units to Ilva. This notice was based, among other things, on provisions of the agreement that allow 
withdrawal in the event that a new law affects the environmental plan for the Taranto plant in such a way that 
materially impairs the ability to operate the plant or implement the industrial plan; these provisions were triggered 
following the Italian Parliament’s removal, on 3 November 2019, of the legal protection necessary for ArcelorMittal 
Italia to implement its environmental plan without risk of criminal liability. In response, the Commissioners filed 
suit in Milan seeking an injunction to prevent ArcelorMittal’s withdrawal and termination of the agreement. 
Following negotiation between the parties, on 4 March 2020, ArcelorMittal and the Commissioners agreed to settle 
this litigation and signed an amendment to the agreement.

--- Page 27 ---
24 
The amendment included terms for investment by Italian state-sponsored and other private entities into 
ArcelorMittal Italia, a new industrial plan involving lower-carbon steelmaking technologies, a revised lease 
payment structure and certain revised commitments and additional conditions precedent related to the completion 
of the obligation to purchase. The Investment Agreement was signed on 10 December 2020, providing for Invitalia, 
an Italian state-owned company, to invest up to €1.105 billion in ArcelorMittal Italia, in two tranches (equity and 
€25 million as a loan). On 14 April 2021, following the initial injection by Invitalia of €400 million of new equity, 
ArcelorMittal and Invitalia formed a public-private partnership. The joint company was renamed Acciaierie d’Italia 
Holding, and its main operating subsidiary ArcelorMittal Italia was renamed Acciaierie d’Italia. The investment 
agreement stipulates a second equity injection by Invitalia of up to €680 million, to fund the purchase of Ilva’s 
business by Acciaierie d’Italia, expected by May 2022 subject to certain conditions precedent. At this point, 
Invitalia’s shareholding of Acciaierie d’Italia would increase to 60% and ArcelorMittal would invest up to €70 
million to retain a 40% shareholding and joint control over the company.  Going forward, Acciaierie d’Italia Holding 
will operate independently, and as such will have its own funding plans. As a result, ArcelorMittal deconsolidated 
the assets and liabilities (including the remaining lease and purchase liability) of Acciaierie d’Italia Holding 
(formerly AM InvestCo Italy) from its consolidated statement of financial position and accounts for its interest in 
the company under the equity method. While the first investment has been made, no assurance can be given that the 
purchase will be completed or that the conditions precedent to the investment agreement itself will be fulfilled or 
that further operational, financial, legal, regulatory, labor-related or political difficulties will not arise, potentially 
resulting in the failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the project, further losses, renewed litigation and 
payments of substantial amounts or other damages. For more information see “14 April PR”, “Introduction—Key 
transactions and events in 2020” in the 2020 Form 20-F and note 9.3 to the 2020 Financial Statements, each 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
ArcelorMittal faces risks associated with its acquisition, via a joint venture, of AMNS India.    
ArcelorMittal acquired, via a joint venture with Nippon Steel Corporation (“NSC”), AMNS India Limited (“AMNS 
India”) on 16 December 2019, in a bankruptcy resolution process. The joint venture’s proposal, set out in a resolution 
plan (the “Resolution Plan”) that detailed among other things the amount to be paid to existing creditors and towards 
capital infusion (totaling $7.1 billion and including $417 million of guaranteed working capital adjustment) and the 
improvements and related capital expenditures (totaling $2.6 billion) to be made over the medium-term, was 
approved by the Indian Supreme Court on 15 November 2019. 
The implementation of the Resolution Plan subjects ArcelorMittal to various risks. On the operational front, the 
industrial project to turnaround AMNS India and further improve operational profitability is large-scale and 
ambitious. While ArcelorMittal has substantial experience in turnaround situations, the scale of this one is 
particularly large and it is the Company’s inaugural large-scale acquisition in India, an emerging market. However, 
AMNS India’s assets do not include certain assets that are ancillary to the steel plant, such as port facilities. While 
AMNS India has since made additional acquisitions, such as the Odisha Slurry Pipeline and a power plant, without 
requiring additional shareholder funding, it is possible that the joint venture may make additional acquisitions 
financed in a manner similar to that of the AMNS India acquisition and subject the Company to similar risks. Capital 
expenditure in excess of budgeted amounts, delays and difficulties in achieving commercial objectives therefore 
cannot be ruled out. The risks in this respect are compounded to an extent by the fact that AMNS India is emerging 
from bankruptcy (meaning, among other things, that maintenance capital expenditures were deferred) and is owned 
and operated by a joint venture with attendant risks around strategic alignment, potential discord and deadlock.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
ArcelorMittal is exposed to the extent of its equity investment and its guarantees of the financings of the joint 
venture. On 16 March 2020, AMNS Luxembourg, the parent company of the joint venture AMNS India, entered 
into a $5.1 billion ten-year term loan agreement with several Japanese banks which is guaranteed by ArcelorMittal 
and NSC in proportion to their interests in the joint venture. See further information in note 2.4 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements. 
ArcelorMittal’s greenfield, brownfield and other investment projects are subject to financing, execution and 
completion risks.   
The Company has announced a number of greenfield or brownfield development projects, in addition to 
ArcelorMittal Italia and AMNS India, as well as other significant investment projects which are capital intensive. 
See “Properties and capital expenditures—Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint ventures” and 
“Properties and capital expenditures—Property, plant and equipment—Capital expenditure projects” in the 2020 
Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus)  for further information on projects the Company 
has announced. To the extent these projects go forward, they would entail substantial capital expenditures, and their 
timely completion and successful operation may be affected by factors beyond the control of ArcelorMittal, 
including delays and measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors include receiving financing on 
reasonable terms, obtaining or renewing required regulatory approvals and licenses, securing and maintaining 
adequate property rights to land and mineral resources, local opposition to land acquisition or project development, 
managing relationships with or obtaining consents from other shareholders, revision of economic viability 
projections, demand for the Company’s products, local environmental or health-related conditions, and general 
economic conditions. Any of these factors may cause the Company to delay, modify or forego some or all aspects 
of its development projects. For investment projects that the Company expects to fund primarily through internal 
sources, these sources may prove insufficient depending on the amount of internally generated cash flows and other 
uses of cash, and the Company may need to choose between incurring external financing or foregoing the 
investment. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to execute its greenfield, brownfield or other 
investment projects, and to the extent that they proceed, that it will be able to complete them on schedule, within 
budget, or achieve an adequate return on its investment. Conversely, should the Company decide to postpone or 
cancel development projects, it could incur various negative consequences such as litigation or impairment charges.  
ArcelorMittal faces risks associated with its investments in joint ventures and associates.   
ArcelorMittal has investments in various joint ventures and associates. See “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint ventures” in the 2020 Form 20-F and note 2.4 to 2020 Financial 
Statements, each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. In particular, it has structured significant growth 
transactions in recent years, including Calvert and AMNS India as joint ventures, and recently restructured 
ArcelorMittal Italia as a joint venture. Joint ventures and associates may be controlled and managed by joint venture 
or controlling partners that may not fully comply with ArcelorMittal’s standards, controls and procedures, including 
ArcelorMittal’s health, safety, environment and community standards, which could lead to higher costs, reduced 
production or environmental, health and safety incidents or accidents, which could adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s 
results and reputation. Joint ventures are also subject to the risk of dead-lock and/or coordination issues affecting 
the implementation of strategy.   
In addition, certain of these joint ventures and associates are currently experiencing, or may in the future experience, 
difficult operating conditions and/or incur losses. Difficult operating conditions in joint ventures and associates in

--- Page 29 ---
26 
which ArcelorMittal has invested may expose it to loss of its investment, requirements for additional investments 
or calls on guarantees. For example, ArcelorMittal’s joint venture Al Jubail’s financial situation has been negatively 
impacted by a slower than expected ramp-up of operations and required further funding in 2018 and 2019 and may 
require additional funding in the future. ArcelorMittal has provided shareholder loans to assist with funding and 
additional equity funding from the other partners was completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. ArcelorMittal’s loans 
to the joint venture were $109 million at 31 December 2020. The Company has also guaranteed $347 million of Al 
Jubail’s external debt (including shareholder loan). As of 31 December 2020, ArcelorMittal had given $4.5 billion 
in guarantees on behalf of associates and joint ventures including $3.1 billion issued on behalf of AMNS India, 
$226 million issued on behalf of Calvert and the above mentioned Al Jubail guarantee. See notes 2.4.1, 2.4.2 and 
9.4 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements.   
ArcelorMittal’s investments in joint ventures and associates may also result in impairments. In 2020, as a result of 
lower cash flow projections resulting from weaker market conditions partially linked to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the Company recognized a $211 million impairment charge with respect to its associate DHS Group. As of 31 
December 2020, ArcelorMittal’s investments accounted for under the equity method had a book value of $6.8 
billion, including AMNS India ($2.0 billion), DHS Group ($672 million), China Oriental ($1.2 billion), Gonvarri 
($626 million), Calvert ($539 million), Baffinland ($387 million) and VAMA ($194 million).  
V. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s financial position and organizational structure  
Changes in assumptions underlying the carrying value of certain assets, including as a result of adverse market 
conditions, could result in the impairment of such assets, including intangible assets such as goodwill.   
At each reporting date, in accordance with the Company’s accounting policy described in note 5.3 to ArcelorMittal’s 
2020 Financial Statements, ArcelorMittal reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets 
(goodwill is reviewed annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be 
recoverable) to determine whether there is any indication that the carrying amount of those assets may not be 
recoverable through continuing use. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset (or cash 
generating unit) is reviewed in order to determine the amount of the impairment, if any.   
If certain of management’s estimates change during a given period, such as the discount rate, capital expenditures, 
expected changes to average selling prices, growth rates, shipments and direct costs, the estimate of the recoverable 
amount of goodwill or the asset could fall significantly and result in impairment. While impairment does not affect 
reported cash flows, the decrease of the estimated recoverable amount and the related non-cash charge in the 
consolidated statements of operations could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations. 
For example, in 2019, the Company recognized $1.3 billion of impairments on the fixed assets of ArcelorMittal 
USA (of which $660 million were reversed in 2020 in connection with the agreed sale to Cleveland-Cliffs) and a 
$75 million impairment at ArcelorMittal South Africa following downward revisions of cash flow projections. In 
2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of $196 million, including $92 million related to the permanent 
closure of the coke plant in Florange (France) in the first quarter and $104 million following the permanent closure 
of a blast furnace and steel plant in Krakow (Poland) in the third quarter. The Company also recognizes impairment 
in connection with intended sales, when the carrying amount of the disposal group is higher than the fair value less 
cost to sell. In this context, the Company recognized a total impairment charge of $994 million (including $888 
million in connection with the intended sale of the ArcelorMittal Italia remedies and $86 million in relation to the 
sale of the Votorantim remedies) in 2018, an additional impairment of $497 million in 2019 related to the remedy 
asset sales for the ArcelorMittal Italia acquisition and a $331 million impairment charge with respect the Company's

--- Page 30 ---
27 
plate assets in Europe in 2020. Substantial amounts of goodwill, tangible and intangible assets remain recorded on 
the Company's balance sheet. As of 31 December 2020, the Company's balance sheet included $4.0 billion of 
goodwill. More generally, no assurance can be given as to the absence of significant further impairment losses in 
future periods, particularly if market conditions deteriorate further. In particular, changes in key assumptions used 
in the Group’s impairment tests, due to market conditions, regulations (including environmental regulations) or 
other reasons may result in additional impairment losses being recognized in the future. For example, the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on macroeconomic conditions (including steel demand and steel prices) may 
result in changes in the key assumptions used in the Group’s impairment tests. In particular, the Company's 
assumptions are based on its belief that the COVID-19 pandemic has not structurally altered the long-term outlook 
of operations and subject to certain differences by geographical areas, its expectation that shipments will return to 
pre-COVID-19 levels by 2022 with the benefit from a favorable supply demand balance following a prolonged 
period of destocking and a restoration of operating margins in 2021 with the benefit of improved selling prices and 
structural cost improvements sustained from the Company's response to the COVID-19 crisis. Changes in these 
assumptions could result in additional impairment losses. In addition, the Company's assumptions do not include 
the significant long-term investments necessary to reach the Group's announced carbon emissions goals, given the 
uncertainties around the requirements needed for the transition to low-emission technologies. The Company’s 
assumptions for future cash flows include an estimate for costs that the Company expects to incur to acquire 
emission allowances, which primarily impacts the flat steel operations in Europe. The assumption for carbon 
emission cost is based on historical experience, expected opportunities to mitigate or otherwise offset such future 
costs and information available of future changes. Due to economic developments, uncertainties over the pace of 
transition to low-emission technologies, political and environmental actions that will be taken to meet the carbon 
reduction goals, regulatory changes and emissions activity arising from climate-related matters, the Company’s 
assumptions used in the recoverable amount calculations, such as capital expenditure, carbon emission costs and 
other assumptions are inherently uncertain and may ultimately differ from actual amounts.  
ArcelorMittal has a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could make it more difficult or expensive to 
refinance its maturing debt, incur new debt and/or flexibly manage its business and the market's perception of 
ArcelorMittal's leverage may affect its share price.   
As of 31 December 2020, ArcelorMittal had total debt outstanding of $12.3 billion, including $2.5 billion of short-
term indebtedness (including payables to banks and the current portion of long-term debt) and $9.8 billion of long-
term indebtedness. As of 31 December 2020, ArcelorMittal had $6.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents, restricted 
cash and other restricted funds, and $5.5 billion available to be drawn under existing credit facilities. The Company 
also relies on its true sale of receivables programs ($3.8 billion of trade receivables sold at 31 December 2020), as 
a way to manage its working capital cycle. 
An increase in ArcelorMittal’s level of debt outstanding could have adverse consequences, including impairing its 
ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate 
purposes, and limiting its flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions or withstand competitive pressures, 
resulting in greater vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions. Substantial increases in the 
Company's gearing could affect its ability to, and the conditions under which it might, access financial markets to 
refinance maturing debt on acceptable terms. ArcelorMittal’s access to financial markets for refinancing also 
depends on the conditions in the global capital and credit markets, which are volatile.

--- Page 31 ---
28 
Moreover, ArcelorMittal could, in order to increase its financial flexibility and strengthen its balance sheet, 
implement capital raising measures such as equity offerings (as was done in May 2009, January 2013, April 2016 
and May 2020), which could (depending on how they are structured) dilute the interests of existing shareholders or 
require them to invest further funds to avoid such dilution. In addition, ArcelorMittal has undertaken and may 
undertake further asset disposals in order to reduce debt. For example, ArcelorMittal announced in August 2019 
that it had identified opportunities to unlock up to $2 billion in value from its asset portfolio over the next two years; 
it completed this optimization with the sale of ArcelorMittal USA in December 2020. Asset disposals are subject to 
execution risk and may fail to materialize, and the proceeds received from such disposals may not reflect values 
that management believes are achievable and/or cause substantial accounting losses (particularly if the disposals are 
done in difficult market conditions). In addition, to the extent that the asset disposals include the sale of all or part 
of core assets (including through an increase in the share of non-controlling interests), this could reduce 
ArcelorMittal’s consolidated cash flows and/or the economic interest of ArcelorMittal shareholders in such assets, 
which may be cash-generative and profitable ones.   
In addition, credit rating agencies could downgrade ArcelorMittal’s ratings either due to factors specific to 
ArcelorMittal, a prolonged cyclical downturn in the steel industry and mining industries, macroeconomic trends 
(such as global or regional recessions or economic shocks such as that resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic) or 
trends in credit and capital markets more generally, and any future downgrades could lead to an increase in its cost 
of borrowing. The margin under ArcelorMittal’s principal credit facilities and certain of its outstanding bonds is 
subject to adjustment in the event of a change in its long-term credit ratings, and downgrades that occurred in 2012, 
2015 and 2020 resulted in increased interest expense. In 2021, S&P affirmed its long-term issuer credit ratings and 
revised the outlook upward. In August 2021, Moody’s upgraded its long term credit rating to Baa3 and revised the 
outlook upward and in September 2021, Fitch upgraded its long term rating to BBB- and revised outlook to stable. 
Further actions by the ratings agencies may be announced at any time. 
ArcelorMittal’s principal credit facilities contain restrictive covenants. These covenants limit, inter alia, 
encumbrances on the assets of ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries, the ability of ArcelorMittal’s subsidiaries to incur 
debt and the ability of ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries to dispose of assets in certain circumstances. 
ArcelorMittal’s principal credit facilities also include the following financial covenant: ArcelorMittal must ensure 
that the “Leverage Ratio”, being the ratio of “Consolidated Total Net Borrowings” (consolidated total borrowings 
less consolidated cash and cash equivalents) to “Consolidated EBITDA” (the consolidated net pre-taxation profits 
of the ArcelorMittal group for a Measurement Period, subject to certain adjustments as defined in the facilities), at 
the end of each “Measurement Period” (each period of 12 months ending on the last day of a financial half-year or 
a financial year of ArcelorMittal), is not greater than a ratio of 4.25 to one. As of 31 December 2020, the Company 
was in compliance with the Leverage Ratio.   
These restrictive and financial covenants could limit ArcelorMittal’s operating and financial flexibility. Failure to 
comply with any covenant would enable the lenders to accelerate ArcelorMittal’s repayment obligations. Moreover, 
ArcelorMittal’s debt facilities have provisions whereby certain events relating to other borrowers within the 
ArcelorMittal group could, under certain circumstances, lead to acceleration of debt repayment under the credit 
facilities. Any invocation of these cross-acceleration clauses could cause some or all of the other debt to accelerate, 
creating liquidity pressures. In addition, the mere market perception of a potential breach of any financial covenant 
could have a negative impact on ArcelorMittal’s ability to refinance its indebtedness on acceptable conditions.

--- Page 32 ---
29 
Furthermore, some of ArcelorMittal’s debt is subject to floating rates of interest and thereby exposes ArcelorMittal 
to interest rate risk (i.e., if interest rates rise, ArcelorMittal’s debt service obligations on its floating rate indebtedness 
would increase). Depending on market conditions, ArcelorMittal from time to time uses interest-rate swaps or other 
financial instruments to hedge a portion of its interest rate exposure either from fixed to floating or from floating to 
fixed. ArcelorMittal had exposure to 86% of its long-term debt at fixed interest rates and 14% at floating rates as of 
31 December 2020.  
In addition to the foregoing specific risks relating to ArcelorMittal’s indebtedness, its share price is affected by the 
markets’ perception of its leverage. Announcements relating to growth or expansion initiatives, depending in part 
on their financing structure, could affect this perception and hence weigh on ArcelorMittal’s share price.   
For further information on ArcelorMittal's indebtedness see “Operating and financial review—Liquidity and capital 
resources” in the 2020 Form 20-F and note 6.1.2 to the 2020 Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.   
ArcelorMittal’s ability to fully utilize its recognized deferred tax assets depends on its profitability and future 
cash flows.   
At 31 December 2020, ArcelorMittal had $7.9 billion recorded as deferred tax assets on its consolidated statement 
of financial position, which decreased $0.8 billion in 2020 as compared to an increase of $0.4 billion in 2019 
primarily due to the changes in the expectation of future profits mainly in Luxembourg. In 2020, the Company 
recorded deferred tax expense of $0.8 billion mainly due to the derecognition of deferred tax assets in Luxembourg 
following the sale of ArcelorMittal USA. The deferred tax assets can be utilized only if, and only to the extent that, 
ArcelorMittal’s operating subsidiaries generate adequate levels of taxable income in future periods to offset the tax 
loss carry forwards and reverse the temporary differences prior to expiration. At 31 December 2020, the amount of 
future income required to recover ArcelorMittal’s deferred tax assets of $7.9 billion was at least $31.5 billion at 
certain operating subsidiaries.   
ArcelorMittal’s ability to generate taxable income is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, 
regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control. If ArcelorMittal generates lower taxable income than the 
amount it has assumed in determining its deferred tax assets, then the value of deferred tax assets will be reduced. 
In addition, assumptions regarding the future recoverability of deferred tax assets depend on management’s 
estimates of future taxable income in accordance with the tax laws applicable to ArcelorMittal’s subsidiaries in the 
countries in which they operate. If in the course of its assessments management determines that the carrying amount 
of any of its deferred tax assets may not be recoverable pursuant to such prevailing tax laws, the recoverable amount 
of such deferred tax assets may be impaired.   
Underfunding of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans at some of ArcelorMittal’s operating 
subsidiaries could require the Company to make substantial cash contributions to pension plans or to pay for 
employee healthcare, which may reduce the cash available for ArcelorMittal’s business.   
ArcelorMittal’s principal operating subsidiaries in Brazil, Canada, Europe and South Africa provide defined benefit 
pension and other post-retirement benefit plans to their employees. Some of these plans are currently underfunded, 
see note 8.2 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements for the total value of plan assets and any deficit.   
ArcelorMittal’s funding obligations depend upon future asset performance, which is tied to equity and debt markets 
to a substantial extent, the level of interest rates used to discount future liabilities, actuarial assumptions and

--- Page 33 ---
30 
experience, benefit plan changes and government regulation. Because of the large number of variables that 
determine pension funding requirements, which are difficult to predict, as well as any legislative action, future cash 
funding requirements for ArcelorMittal’s pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans could be 
significantly higher than current estimates. Increases in the general life expectancy assumption have contributed to 
increases in the defined benefit obligation. In these circumstances, funding requirements could have a material 
adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.    
ArcelorMittal’s results of operations could be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, particularly the 
euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, as well as by exchange controls imposed by governmental authorities in the 
countries where it operates.   
ArcelorMittal operates and sells products globally and as a result, its business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects could be adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. A substantial portion of 
ArcelorMittal’s assets, liabilities, operating costs, sales and earnings are denominated in currencies other than the 
U.S. dollar (ArcelorMittal’s reporting currency). Accordingly, its results of operations are subject to translation risk 
(i.e., the USD value of the revenues and profits generated in other currencies and its debt denominated in other 
currencies) and transaction risk (i.e., a mismatch between the currency of costs and revenues). Foreign exchange 
gains for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 were $107 million, and $4 million, respectively. As of 1 April 
2018, the Company’s statement of operations no longer includes foreign exchange exposure on the euro 
denominated debt following the designation of the euro denominated debt as a hedge of certain euro denominated 
net investments in foreign operations. See note 6.3 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements.     
Moreover, ArcelorMittal operates in several countries whose currencies are, or have in the past been, subject to 
limitations imposed by those countries’ central banks, or which have experienced sudden and significant 
devaluations. In emerging countries where ArcelorMittal has operations and/or generates substantial revenue, such 
as Argentina, Brazil, India, South Africa, Venezuela, Kazakhstan and Ukraine, the risk of significant currency 
devaluation is high. For example, the Argentinian peso has continued to substantially depreciate since 2018, and in 
2020 it has depreciated approximately 40% versus the U.S dollar. Moreover, inflation in 2019 reached its highest 
point since 1991 at 53.8% attesting the hyperinflationary dimension of Argentina's economy. In order to slow peso 
depreciation, and in response to the economic situation, the Argentine government enacted a series of currency 
controls which require central bank permission to exchange pesos for foreign currency.   
Currency devaluations, the imposition of new exchange controls or other similar restrictions on currency 
convertibility, or the tightening of existing controls in the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates could adversely 
affect its business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. See “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Key currency regulations and exchange controls” and “Operating and financial review—Economic 
conditions—Impact of exchange rate movements” in the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus).  
The Significant Shareholder has the ability to exercise significant influence over the outcome of shareholder 
votes.  
At 31 December 2020, a trust (HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited, as trustee), of which Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal, Mrs. Usha 
Mittal and their children are the beneficiaries (referred to as the “Significant Shareholder”), beneficially owned 
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) ordinary shares 
amounting (when aggregated with ordinary shares of ArcelorMittal held directly by Mr. and Mrs. Mittal) to

--- Page 34 ---
31 
393,046,404 in the aggregate, representing 36.37% of ArcelorMittal’s outstanding shares. The foregoing statement 
does not give effect to the ordinary shares resulting from the conversion of the mandatorily convertible subordinated 
notes issued in May 2020 outstanding as of 31 December 2020. Assuming conversion of all such outstanding 
mandatorily convertible subordinated notes (including those held by the Significant Shareholder), the Significant 
Shareholder would, together with Mr. and Mrs. Mittal, beneficially own 34.0% (assuming conversion of all notes 
at the maximum conversion ratio) or 34.3% (assuming conversion of all notes at the minimum conversion ratio) of 
outstanding shares. As a result, the Significant Shareholder has the ability to significantly influence the decisions 
adopted at the ArcelorMittal general meetings of shareholders, including matters involving mergers or other 
business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets, issuances of equity and obtaining funding through 
debt. The Significant Shareholder also has the ability to significantly influence a change of control of ArcelorMittal. 
For further information on the Company’s major shareholders, see “Shareholders and markets—Major 
shareholders” in the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
ArcelorMittal is a holding company that depends on the earnings and cash flows of its operating subsidiaries, 
which may not be sufficient to meet future operational needs or for shareholder distributions, and loss-making 
subsidiaries may drain cash flow necessary for such needs or distributions.   
As a holding company, ArcelorMittal is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, and dividends and distributions 
from, its operating subsidiaries to pay expenses, meet its debt service obligations, pay any cash dividends or 
distributions on its ordinary shares or conduct share buy-backs. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily centralized 
at the parent level and are managed by ArcelorMittal Treasury SNC, although from time to time cash or cash 
equivalent balances may be held at the Company’s international subsidiaries or its holding companies. Some of 
these operating subsidiaries have debt outstanding or are subject to acquisition agreements that impose restrictions 
on such operating subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, but such restrictions are not significant in the context of 
ArcelorMittal’s overall liquidity. These subsidiaries may also experience operating difficulties that impact their cash 
flows. For example, ArcelorMittal South Africa has been experiencing significant difficulties in recent years. In 
order to decrease its significant outstanding debt, in January 2016, ArcelorMittal South Africa conducted a rights 
offering entirely underwritten by ArcelorMittal that resulted, via the repayment of an intragroup loan of R3.2 billion 
(R4.7 billion or $0.3 billion outstanding as of 31 December 2020) and an additional cash injection by ArcelorMittal 
of R0.5 billion, in ArcelorMittal’s shareholding in ArcelorMittal South Africa increasing from 52% to 71%. For 
additional information on current ownership, see note 2.2.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements. The reports of 
ArcelorMittal South Africa’s auditors as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December  2020 
included a material uncertainty related to going concern. In this respect, ArcelorMittal South Africa’s 2019 financial 
statements and the interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the first half of 2020 noted that factors 
which are outside the control of management have a significant impact on the business, specifically, market demand, 
supply chain interruptions and commodity and steel prices as well as the volatility in the rand vs. U.S. dollar 
exchange rate and the unpredictable effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and national lockdown in South Africa, and 
the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020 note COVID-19 and exchange rate volatility. In May 
2020, ArcelorMittal South Africa announced that it would only fully restart operations once the demand for steel 
becomes visible, and in July 2020, announced that it had decided to idle Blast Furnace C (“BF C”) at Vanderbijlpark 
until demand recovered. Given the improvement in demand, BF C was restarted in December 2020, earlier than 
expected.

--- Page 35 ---
32 
Repatriation of funds from operating subsidiaries may also be affected by tax and foreign exchange policies in place 
from time to time in the various countries where the Company operates, though none of these policies are currently 
significant in the context of ArcelorMittal’s overall liquidity. Under the laws of Luxembourg, ArcelorMittal will be 
able to pay dividends or distributions through income from industrial franchise fees or to the extent that it is entitled 
to receive cash dividend distributions from its subsidiaries, recognize gains from the sale of its assets or record share 
premium from the issuance of shares.   
If the earnings and cash flows of its operating subsidiaries are substantially reduced, ArcelorMittal may not be in a 
position to meet its operational needs or to make shareholder distributions in line with announced proposals.   
VI. Legal and regulatory risks  
ArcelorMittal is subject to strict environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could give rise to a 
significant increase in costs and liabilities.    
ArcelorMittal is subject to a broad range of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. These laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent standards regarding 
general health and safety, air emissions, wastewater storage, treatment and discharges, the use, handling and 
transportation of hazardous, toxic or dangerous materials, waste disposal practices and the remediation of 
environmental contamination, and health and safety matters, among other things. The costs of complying with, and 
the imposition of liabilities pursuant to these laws and regulations can be significant, and compliance with new and 
more stringent obligations may require additional capital expenditures or modifications in operating practices. 
Failure to comply can result in civil and or criminal penalties being imposed, the suspension of permits, requirements 
to curtail or suspend operations and lawsuits by third parties.  
In the EU, the Industrial Emissions Directive (“IED”) defines the so called Best Available Techniques (“BAT”) and 
sets the ranges of values that need to be established as limits in the environmental permits. The BAT are also used 
in other regions as reference, and are periodically reviewed (in theory, an 8 year cycle) to ensure a continuous 
improvement of environmental performance. The EU Commission has started the review of the IED, with a proposal 
expected in 2021, which might lead to the strengthening of the permitting framework, supported by growing general 
concerns on the effects of pollution on the environment and human health. 
Despite ArcelorMittal’s efforts to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and monitor 
and reduce accidents at its facilities, health, safety and environmental incidents or accidents do occur, some of which 
may result in costs and liabilities and negatively impact the Company’s reputation or the operations of the affected 
facility.  Such accidents could include explosions or gas leaks, fires or collapses in underground mining operations, 
vehicular accidents, and other accidents involving mobile equipment, or exposure to radioactive or other potentially 
hazardous, toxic or dangerous materials, which could have significant adverse consequences for the Company’s 
workers and facilities, as well as the environment. Such accidents could lead to production stoppages, loss of key 
personnel, the loss of key assets, or put at risk employees (and those of sub-contractors and suppliers) or persons 
living near affected sites.  
ArcelorMittal also incurs costs and liabilities associated with the assessment and remediation of contaminated sites, 
and in its mining activities, those resulting from tailings and sludge disposal, effluent management, and 
rehabilitation of land disturbed during mining processes. In addition to the impact on current facilities and 
operations, environmental remediation obligations can give rise to substantial liabilities in respect of divested assets 
and past activities. This may also be the case for acquisitions when liabilities for past acts or omissions are not

--- Page 36 ---
33 
adequately reflected in the terms and price of the acquisition. ArcelorMittal could become subject to further 
remediation obligations in the future, as additional contamination is discovered or cleanup standards become more 
stringent.   
ArcelorMittal could become subject to unidentified liabilities in the future, such as those relating to uncontrolled 
tailings breaches or other future events or to underestimated emissions of polluting substances. For example, mining 
companies have incurred substantial liabilities in connection with the failure of tailing pond dams. In February 2019, 
the Company decided as a precautionary measure to implement its plan to evacuate the community situated 
downstream of its dormant Serra Azul tailing dam with a 5.8Mm3 tailings volume in Brazil. The decision was based 
on an updated site-based assessment following recent incidents in the Brazilian mining sector pending further testing 
and implementation of any necessary mitigation measures. See “Business overview—Sustainable development—
Management Theme #4: Environment—Responsible water use” in the 2020 Form 20-F (incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus). 
ArcelorMittal’s operations may also be located in areas where individuals or communities could regard its activities 
as having a detrimental effect on their natural environment and conditions of life. Any actions taken by such 
individuals or communities in response to such concerns could compromise ArcelorMittal’s profitability or, in 
extreme cases, the viability of an operation or the development of new activities in the relevant region or country.   
For further information, see “Business overview—Government regulations—Health and safety laws and 
regulations” and “Business overview—Government regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” in the 2020 
Form 20-F and note 9.3 to ArcelorMittal’s in the 2020 Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus.   
Laws and regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases could force ArcelorMittal to incur increased 
capital and operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations, 
financial condition and reputation.    
Compliance with new and more stringent environmental obligations relating to greenhouse gas emissions may 
require additional capital expenditures or modifications in operating practices, as well as additional reporting 
obligations. The integrated steel process involves carbon and creates carbon dioxide (“CO2”), which distinguishes 
integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries where CO2 generation is primarily linked to 
energy use. The EU has established greenhouse gas regulations and has revised its emission trading system for the 
period after 2020 in a manner that may require ArcelorMittal to incur additional costs to acquire emissions 
allowances. Delegated regulations in this regard are about to be finalized (covering topics such as benchmark values, 
cross sectoral correction factor and free allocation). In addition, in December 2020, the EU reached agreement on a 
new EU climate ambition target aiming at achieving at least a 55% reduction in greenhouse gases (“GHG”) 
emissions in 2030 versus 1990 (compared with the current ambition of a 40% reduction) and being carbon neutral 
by 2050. A new review of the European Union’s Emission Trading Scheme (“ETS”) framework and rules, 
addressing the new target, is expected in  2021. Other jurisdictions have also started to enact similar regulations, 
including South Africa, where a CO2 tax system was introduced in 2019 and in Kazakhstan, where the Emission 
Trading Scheme restarted operation on 1 January 2018 with new trading procedures and allocation methods 
supported by an online platform for monitoring, reporting and verifying emission sources and GHG.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
Other regulations have been implemented in Argentina, Ukraine and Canada and additional measures may be 
enacted in the future in other jurisdictions, further increasing the complexity of compliance with environmental laws 
and regulations.   
Following the international agreement reached by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change 
in December 2015 with the aim to implement the necessary drivers to achieve drastic reductions of carbon emissions 
(the “Paris Agreement”), the environmental regulatory system has become more complex worldwide and the 
Company has taken steps to reduce its emission footprint, which in 2019 totaled approximately 196 million tonnes 
through various research and development initiatives, announcing a commitment for its European business to reduce 
emissions by 30% by 2030 and a group-wide commitment to be carbon neutral by 2050. Whether in the form of a 
national or international cap-and-trade emissions permit system, a carbon tax or acquisition of emission rights at 
market prices, emissions controls, reporting requirements, or other regulatory initiatives, such environmental 
regulations could have a negative effect on ArcelorMittal’s production levels, income and cash flows. These laws 
could also negatively affect the Company’s suppliers and customers, which could translate into higher costs and 
lower sales. In particular, the EU Commission’s decision to further reduce the allocation of CO2 emission rights to 
companies could negatively impact the global steel industry, as the amount of such rights is currently at the limit of 
technically achievable operating conditions. CO2 emissions regulations have already resulted in increased costs in 
Europe, and ArcelorMittal expects costs will continue to increase with the implementation of Phase IV of the ETS 
starting in 2021. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences caused a decline in 
production at most EU sites in 2020. Given that, under phase IV rules, the activity level in 2020 has an effect on the 
calculation of the allocation in 2021 and 2022 and also on the sub-period 2 (2026-2030), the lower production levels 
might lead to reduced allocation.  
Furthermore, many developing nations have not yet instituted significant greenhouse gas regulations, and the Paris 
Agreement specifically recognizes that greenhouse gas emissions will peak later in developing countries. As the 
Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (“INDC”) for developing nations under the Paris Agreement may be 
less stringent than for developed nations in light of different national circumstances, ArcelorMittal may be at a 
competitive disadvantage relative to steelmakers having more or all of their production in developing countries. 
Depending on the extent of the difference between the requirements in developed regions (such as Europe) and 
developing regions (such as China or the CIS), this competitive disadvantage could be severe and render production 
in the developed region structurally unprofitable. High carbon costs in combination with weakening demand, rising 
imports, high energy costs and high iron ore prices was one of the factors underlying the Company’s decision to 
implement production cuts in Europe in 2019. To address the resulting competitive disadvantage compared to 
imports, which is expected to increase in the future absent government intervention, the Company has lobbied the 
European Commission to introduce a carbon border adjustment mechanism to the safeguard measures on steel 
imports in order to ensure that imports into Europe face the same carbon costs as producers in Europe. On 14 July 
2021, the European Commission proposed a carbon border adjustment mechanism, although no assurance can be 
given as to the timing or adoption of such proposal or its implementation.  
In addition, as regulators and investors increasingly focus on climate change issues, the Company is exposed to the 
risk of frameworks and regulations being adopted that are ill-adapted to its operations. For example, the most 
established framework for carbon pricing and emissions trading schemes is currently the European Union's ETS 
discussed above. As mentioned above, the Company has highlighted the importance that a carbon border adjustment 
be included in this system in order to avoid competitive distortions such as European steel becoming overpriced due

--- Page 38 ---
35 
to European carbon policy, prompting the market to outsource its steel from other regions where carbon is less 
expensive. With respect to investors, the European Union has reached a political agreement on a package of 
measures to implement key actions with respect to its sustainable finance plan, and, in June 2020, the European 
Commission published the EU Taxonomy for Sustainable Finance, a unified classification system to define what 
can be considered an environmentally sustainable economic activity, as a step in the efforts to channel investments 
into sustainable activities. This regulation is going to be complemented with Delegated Regulations that will 
establish the technical screening criteria for each of the six environmental sustainable objectives set by the 
Regulation, starting by climate change mitigation and adaptation. If the metrics adopted in the taxonomy are not 
appropriate for the Company or if investors, financial institutions or other stakeholders, including the public, begin 
to view investments in steel and mining as undesirable, it may become more difficult and/or more expensive for the 
Company to obtain financing. While the Company has taken significant steps and continues to adapt its operations 
in light of climate change and the need for sustainability, such steps may not be in line with future frameworks or 
regulations or market views of investment suitability. In particular, the Company expects to need to make significant 
investments in order to reach its announced goals with respect to reducing its carbon emissions in Europe by 30% 
by 2030 and to being carbon neutral Group-wide by 2050. It has to be recognized that a significant investment will 
have to be made in the infrastructure needed to provide ArcelorMittal with the necessary clean energy, hydrogen 
and carbon capture and storage (“CCS”) capacity. All such investment programs will require support from host 
countries, first and foremost from the European Union and it member states, through supportive policies designed 
to provide compensation for the significantly higher costs, while at the same time maintaining a fair and competitive 
landscape. The necessary support may not be available in a timely manner or at all (with implementation of a carbon 
border adjustment or equivalent only expected by 2026 based on current timetables).  
For further information on environmental laws and regulations and how they affect the Company's operations, see 
“Business overview—Government regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” in the 2020 Form 20-F and 
note 9.3 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.   
The income tax liability of ArcelorMittal may substantially increase if the tax laws and regulations in countries 
in which it operates change or become subject to adverse interpretations or inconsistent enforcement.  
Taxes payable by companies in many of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates are substantial and include 
value-added tax, excise duties, profit taxes, payroll-related taxes, property taxes, mining taxes and other taxes. Tax 
laws and regulations in some of these countries may be subject to frequent change, varying interpretation and 
inconsistent enforcement. Ineffective tax collection systems and national or local government budget requirements 
may increase the likelihood of the imposition of arbitrary or onerous taxes and penalties, which could have a material 
adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the usual tax burden 
imposed on taxpayers, these conditions create uncertainty as to the tax implications of various business decisions. 
This uncertainty could expose ArcelorMittal to significant fines and penalties and to enforcement measures despite 
its best efforts at compliance, and could result in a greater than expected tax burden. See note 10 to ArcelorMittal’s 
2020 Financial Statements.   
In addition, many of the jurisdictions in which ArcelorMittal operates have adopted transfer pricing legislation. If 
tax authorities impose significant additional tax liabilities as a result of transfer pricing adjustments, it could have a 
material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 39 ---
36 
It is possible that tax authorities in the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates will introduce additional revenue 
raising measures. The introduction of any such provisions may affect the overall tax efficiency of ArcelorMittal and 
may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. Any such additional tax exposure could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.   
ArcelorMittal may face a significant increase in its income taxes if tax rates increase or the tax laws or regulations 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates, or treaties between those jurisdictions, are modified in an adverse manner. 
This may adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s cash flows, liquidity and ability to pay dividends.    
ArcelorMittal is subject to economic policy, political, social and legal risks and uncertainties in the emerging 
markets in which it operates or proposes to operate, and these uncertainties may have a material adverse effect 
on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.   
ArcelorMittal operates, or proposes to operate, in a large number of emerging markets. In recent years, many of 
these countries have implemented measures aimed at improving the business environment and providing a stable 
platform for economic development. ArcelorMittal’s business strategy has been developed partly on the assumption 
that this modernization, restructuring and upgrading of the business climate and physical infrastructure will 
continue, but this cannot be guaranteed. Any slowdown in the development of these economies could have a material 
adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, as could 
insufficient investment by government agencies or the private sector in physical infrastructure. For example, the 
failure of a country to develop reliable electricity and natural gas supplies and networks, and any resulting shortages 
or rationing, could lead to disruptions in ArcelorMittal’s production.   
Moreover, some of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates have been undergoing substantial political 
transformations from centrally-controlled command economies to market-oriented systems or from authoritarian 
regimes to democratically-elected governments and vice-versa. Political, economic and legal reforms necessary to 
complete such transformation may not progress sufficiently. On occasion, ethnic, religious, historical and other 
divisions have given rise to tensions and, in certain cases, wide-scale civil disturbances and military conflict. The 
political systems in these countries are vulnerable to their populations’ dissatisfaction with their government, 
reforms or the lack thereof, social and ethnic unrest and changes in governmental policies, any of which could have 
a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and its 
ability to continue to do business in these countries. For example, in Ukraine, political unrest and intermittent 
combats between the Ukrainian army and pro-Russian rebels in the Donbass region have occurred since Russia’s 
purported annexation of Crimea in March 2014. In addition, certain of ArcelorMittal’s operations are also located 
in areas where acute drug-related violence (including executions and kidnappings of non-gang civilians) occurs and 
the largest drug cartels operate, such as the states of Michoacan, Sinaloa and Sonora in Mexico.   
Certain emerging markets where ArcelorMittal has operations have experienced or are experiencing particularly 
difficult operating conditions. Brazil, for example, is emerging from a period of severe recession and political 
uncertainty. South Africa entered a recession in the second quarter of 2018, and prior to this recession, the South 
African steel and mining industries have been subject to a challenging operating environment characterized by lower 
local demand, increased cheap imports and higher costs, resulting in losses in recent years for ArcelorMittal South 
Africa. Many emerging markets are also at risk of economic crises (be it external debt, currency, domestic corporate, 
household or public debt crises) usually brought on by an economic or political shock which can exacerbate existing 
domestic structural imbalances. Crises in Argentina and Turkey in 2018/19 were examples and had negative impacts

--- Page 40 ---
37 
on the Company’s core markets in Brazil and the EU, respectively. Other countries at risk of further economic crises 
include, for example, South Africa (in relation to its public debt), Ukraine (in relation to its external debt) and to a 
lesser extent India (in relation to its public debt).  
In addition, epidemics and/or pandemics may affect ArcelorMittal’s operations in certain regions and, in some cases, 
globally. See “Disruptions to ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing processes caused for example by equipment failures, 
natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics or extreme weather events could adversely affect its operations, customer 
service levels and financial results” above.  
In addition, the legal systems in some of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates remain less than fully 
developed, particularly with respect to the independence of the judiciary, property rights, the protection of foreign 
investment and bankruptcy proceedings, generally resulting in a lower level of legal certainty or security for foreign 
investment than in more developed countries. ArcelorMittal may encounter difficulties in enforcing court judgments 
or arbitral awards in some countries in which it operates because, among other reasons, those countries may not be 
parties to treaties that recognize the mutual enforcement of court judgments. Assets in certain countries where 
ArcelorMittal operates could also be at risk of expropriation or nationalization, and compensation for such assets 
may be below fair value. For example, the Venezuelan government has implemented a number of selective 
nationalizations of companies operating in the country to date. Although ArcelorMittal believes that the long-term 
growth potential in emerging markets is strong, and intends them to be the focus of the majority of its near-term 
growth capital expenditures, legal obstacles could have a material adverse effect on the implementation of 
ArcelorMittal’s growth plans and its operations in such countries.   
ArcelorMittal is subject to an extensive, complex and evolving regulatory framework which may expose it and its 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates to investigations by governmental authorities, litigation and fines, in 
relation, among other things, to antitrust and compliance matters. The resolution of such matters could 
negatively affect the Company’s profitability and cash flows in a particular period or harm its reputation.   
ArcelorMittal’s business encompasses multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory frameworks, including in 
relation to antitrust, and economic sanctions, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering matters. Laws and 
regulations in these areas are complex and constantly evolving and enforcement of them continues to increase. 
ArcelorMittal may as a result become subject to increasing limitations on its business activities and to the risk of 
fines or other sanctions for non-compliance. As a result of its position in the steel industry and its historical growth 
through acquisitions, ArcelorMittal could be subject to governmental investigations and lawsuits by private parties 
based on antitrust laws. These could require significant expenditures and result in liabilities or governmental orders 
that could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, operating results, financial condition and 
prospects. ArcelorMittal and certain of its subsidiaries are currently under investigation by governmental entities in 
several countries, and are named as defendants in a number of lawsuits relating to various antitrust matters. See note 
9.3 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements. Antitrust proceedings, investigations and follow-on claims 
involving ArcelorMittal subsidiaries are also currently pending in various countries including Brazil and Spain. 
Because of the fact-intensive nature of the issues involved and the inherent uncertainty of such litigation and 
investigations, the nature of the resolutions of such proceedings are difficult to forecast but negative outcomes are 
possible. An adverse ruling in the proceedings described above or in other similar proceedings in the future could 
subject ArcelorMittal to substantial administrative penalties and/or civil damages.

--- Page 41 ---
38 
ArcelorMittal’s governance and compliance processes, which include the review of internal controls over financial 
reporting as well as a Code of Business Conduct and other rules and protocols for the conduct of business, may not 
prevent breaches of laws and regulations or internal policies relating to compliance matters at ArcelorMittal or its 
subsidiaries, as well as to instances of non-compliant behavior by its employees, contractors or other agents. This 
risk is also present at ArcelorMittal’s joint ventures and associates where ArcelorMittal has a non-controlling stake 
and does not control governance practices or accounting and reporting procedures.  
Unfavorable outcomes in current and potential future litigation and investigations relating to anti-trust and 
compliance matters could reduce ArcelorMittal’s liquidity and negatively affect its profitability, cash flows, results 
of operations and financial condition, as well as harm its reputation.  
ArcelorMittal is currently and in the future may be subject to legal proceedings or product liability claims, the 
resolution of which could negatively affect the Company’s profitability and cash flows in a particular period.   
ArcelorMittal’s profitability or cash flows in a particular period could be affected by adverse rulings in current and 
future legal proceedings against the Company. See note 9.3 to ArcelorMittal’s 2020 Financial Statements.   
In addition, ArcelorMittal sells products to major manufacturers engaged in manufacturing and selling a wide range 
of end products, including products used in certain safety-critical applications, such as, for example, pipes used in 
gas or oil pipelines and in automotive applications. ArcelorMittal also from time to time offers advice to these 
manufacturers. There could be significant consequential damages resulting from the use of or defects in such 
products. While ArcelorMittal has a limited amount of product liability insurance coverage, a major claim for 
damages related to ArcelorMittal products sold and, as the case may be, advice given in connection with such 
products, could leave ArcelorMittal uninsured against a portion or the entirety of such an award and materially harm 
its financial condition and future operating results.   
Changes to global data privacy laws and cross-border personal data transfer requirements could adversely affect 
ArcelorMittal’s business and operations.     
ArcelorMittal's business depends on the transfer of data between its affiliated entities, to and from its business 
partners, and with third-party service providers, which may be subject to global data privacy laws and cross-border 
transfer restrictions. While ArcelorMittal takes steps to comply with these legal requirements, the volatility and 
changes to the applicability of those laws, as well as evolving standards and judicial and regulatory interpretations 
of such laws may impact ArcelorMittal’s ability to effectively transfer data across borders in support of its business 
operations that may lead to possible administrative, civil, or criminal liability, as well as reputational harm to the 
Company and its employees. ArcelorMittal has taken actions necessary to comply with the European Union’s 
General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which became enforceable in May 2018. The GDPR creates a range 
of compliance obligations for subject companies and increases financial penalties for non-compliance. Other 
countries in which ArcelorMittal operates or has a presence such as Brazil, India and South Africa have or are in 
the process of adopting similar legislation for the protection of personal information. Ensuring compliance will 
require investments to improve business processes, IT solutions and security solutions. The costs of compliance 
with GDPR and similar legislation for the protection of personal data and the potential for fines and penalties in the 
event of a breach of these laws may have an adverse effect on ArcelorMittal's business and operations.  
Risks Related To The Notes  
I. Risks related to the market for the notes and credit ratings.

--- Page 42 ---
39 
An active market for the Notes may not develop. 
Application has been made for certain Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Notes issued under 
the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may be no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a 
single series with a Tranche of Notes already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such admission to trading may not occur, a particular Tranche of Notes may 
not be so listed and admitted or an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, there may be no 
development of, nor liquidity in, any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes, or, if one does develop, 
that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market 
or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. This may have a negative impact on the 
liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact 
the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short 
timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would 
likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes.  
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity as described in Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) and the Issuer may issue further Notes as described in Condition 17 (Further Issues). 
Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and 
competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. 
Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or 
guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
The Issuer is rated by S&P, Moody's and Fitch (see “ArcelorMittal has a substantial amount of indebtedness, 
which could make it more difficult or expensive to refinance its maturing debt, incur new debt and/or flexibly manage 
its business and the market's perception of ArcelorMittal's leverage may affect its share price” above). In addition, 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as any rating assigned to the Programme. 
The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of any applicable credit 
ratings (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the 
Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may 
not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease, in particular if any of the applicable credit ratings deteriorate, and (iii) investors may lose all or 
part of their investment.  
II. Risks related to the noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may adversely affect a recovery by the holders of the Notes.  
The Issuer is a Luxembourg company. Luxembourg insolvency laws may make it more difficult for holders of 
the Notes to effect a restructuring of the Issuer or to recover the amount they would have recovered in a 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceeding in other jurisdictions. There are a number of insolvency regimes under 
Luxembourg law (it should be noted that a draft bill (projet de loi) with the purpose of reforming the current

--- Page 43 ---
40 
insolvency regimes under Luxembourg law has been introduced in the Luxembourg Parliament on 1 February 
2013 under number N°6539 and that such draft bill, as modified in the course of the legislative process, may 
adversely affect the rights of recovery of the holders of the Notes once it enters into full force and effect).  
Bankruptcy proceedings (faillite) are primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its 
creditors. Three formal corporate rescue procedures exist: controlled management (gestion contrôlée), which 
involves one or several commissioners (commissaires à la gestion contrôlée) preparing a plan of reorganisation 
or a plan for the realisation and distribution of the assets; moratorium (concordat préventif de faillite), whereby 
a judge is appointed to oversee the negotiation of an agreement between the debtor and his creditors; and the 
suspension of payments (sursis de paiement), whereby one or more commissioners is/are appointed by the 
court to oversee the management of the company during the suspension of payments period.  
A judgment in bankruptcy proceedings (faillite) has the effect of removing the power from a company to 
manage its assets and of stopping all attachment or garnishment proceedings brought by unsecured or non-
privileged creditors. However, this type of judgment has no effect on creditors holding certain forms of 
security, such as pledges on certain types of assets. A secured creditor holding a pledge can retain possession 
of the pledged assets or can enforce its security interest if an event of default has occurred under the security 
agreement. Further, in a bankruptcy proceeding (faillite), the debtor has the right to make composition 
(concordat) proposals which are inter alia subject to approval by creditors representing at least 75% of all 
admitted unsecured claims. The ratification of a composition in a bankruptcy proceeding (faillite) or in a 
moratorium (concordat préventif de faillite) will have no effect on creditors who, having secured claims, did 
not participate in the composition proceedings and did not, therefore, waive their rights or priority, mortgages 
or pledges. These creditors may continue to act against the debtor in order to obtain payment of their claims 
and they may enforce their rights, obtain attachments and obtain the sale of the assets securing their claims. 
Equally, the procedure of suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) once approved has no effect on secured 
creditors.  
A recovery under Luxembourg law, therefore, could involve a sale of the assets of the debtor in a manner that 
does not reflect the going concern value of the debtor. Consequently, Luxembourg insolvency laws could 
preclude or inhibit the ability of the holders of the Notes to effect a restructuring of the Issuer and could reduce 
their recovery in a Luxembourg insolvency proceeding.  
In connection with Luxembourg bankruptcy proceedings, the assets of a debtor are generally liquidated and 
the proceeds distributed to the debtor’s creditors on the basis of the relative claims of those creditors and their 
ranking, and certain parties (such as secured creditors) will have special rights that may adversely affect the 
interests of holders of the Notes. The claim of a creditor may be limited depending on the date the claim 
becomes due and payable in accordance with its terms. Each of these claims will have to be resubmitted to the 
Issuer’s receiver to be verified by the receiver. Any dispute as to the valuation of claims will be subject to 
court proceedings. These verification procedures could cause holders of the Notes to recover less than the 
principal amount of their Notes or less than they could recover in a liquidation governed by the laws of another 
jurisdiction. Such verification procedures could also cause payments to the holders of the Notes to be delayed 
compared with holders of undisputed claims. 
The Issuer’s ability to make debt service payments depends on its ability to transfer income and dividends 
from its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company with no significant assets other than direct and indirect interests in the many 
subsidiaries through which it conducts operations. A number of the Issuer’s subsidiaries are located in

--- Page 44 ---
41 
countries that may impose regulations restricting the payment of dividends outside of the country through 
exchange control regulations. 
Furthermore, the continued transfer to the Issuer of dividends and other income from its subsidiaries is in some 
cases limited by various credit or other contractual arrangements and/or tax constraints, which could make 
such payments difficult or costly. If in the future these restrictions are increased or if the Issuer is otherwise 
unable to ensure the continued transfer of dividends and other income to it from these subsidiaries, its ability 
to respect its payment obligations in respect of the Notes will be impaired. 
In addition, the Notes do not restrict the Issuer or its subsidiaries from incurring additional unsubordinated 
debt or guaranteeing any debt of others in the future. 
Since the Issuer conducts its operations through subsidiaries, investors’ right to receive payments on the 
Notes is subordinated to the other liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company which is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, and dividends and 
distributions from, its operating subsidiaries to meet its debt servicing obligations. The Issuer’s subsidiaries 
are not guarantors of the Notes. Moreover, these subsidiaries are not required and may not be able to pay 
dividends to the Issuer. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are not bound by obligations under the Notes. Claims of the 
creditors of the Issuer’s subsidiaries have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over the claims of the 
Noteholders. Consequently, Noteholders are in effect structurally subordinated on insolvency to the prior 
claims of the creditors of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
ArcelorMittal is not restricted in its ability to dispose of its assets by the terms of the Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge that prohibits ArcelorMittal and its Material 
Subsidiaries (as defined therein) from creating security over assets to secure other Notes or similar debt 
instruments, unless ArcelorMittal creates similar security over the Notes. However, ArcelorMittal is generally 
permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of its assets to another corporation or other entity under the terms of the 
Notes. ArcelorMittal is also generally permitted to create security over its assets to secure other notes or similar 
debt instruments in certain circumstances (for example, in the case of “Permitted Security” as defined in 
Condition 2 (Interpretation)). If ArcelorMittal decides to dispose of its assets, holders of the Notes will 
generally not be entitled to declare an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, and those assets will no longer 
be available to support payments on the Notes. 
III. Risks related to the features of the Notes  
Change of Law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law and EU rules in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
in English law or the official application or interpretation of English law or in EU rules or their administrative 
practice, official application or interpretation after the date of this Base Prospectus. If any change in law was 
unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes 
and could have negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes.  
Modification and waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. The provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders

--- Page 45 ---
42 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Therefore, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders could modify the Conditions in a way that 
could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or 
permanently or by amending the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. 
These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the market value of the Notes.  
IV. Risks related to the structure or features of a particular issue of Notes 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, 
including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. 
If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest 
or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder 
whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to issuer risk. 
As purchasers of foreign currency Notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange rates. 
This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the issuer or the type of Note being issued. 
V. Risks related to redemption 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions 9(b) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons). Such early redemption would be at their principal amount with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding for Luxembourg taxes. As a consequence of such early redemption the yields received 
upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the

--- Page 46 ---
43 
purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
In addition to the right of the Issuer to purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price in 
accordance with applicable regulations, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer including Condition 9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), 
Condition 9(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price 
of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such a case, part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. 
Furthermore, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able 
to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes 
could limit the market value of such Notes. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption before the date set in the relevant Final Terms as 
the date from which the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised (the "Residual Maturity Exercise 
Date"), the calculation of the Make-whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference to the relevant 
Residual Maturity Exercise Date rather than the relevant Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the Residual Maturity Exercise Date 
(rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a 
Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Amount calculated 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes where a Residual Maturity Call Option 
has not been specified. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option at the option of the Issuer (Condition 9(f)(Clean-Up Call 
Option) there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 80 per cent. threshold referred 
to therein has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option at the 
option of the Issuer the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a 
loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns. 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, either 
at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 9(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 9(h) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 9(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Put 
Restructuring Event), Condition 9(j) (Offer to Purchase upon a Change of Control) or following an event of 
default (as provided in Condition 12), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct

--- Page 47 ---
44 
and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors 
may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same 
yield as the redeemed Notes. 
VI. Risks related to the interest rate applicable to the Notes 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
“benchmarks”. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and 
other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national, 
international and other regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU 
Benchmark Regulation”)applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark 
Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 
2021 (the "Amending Regulation"). The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021 and introduces 
a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the 
European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical 
that may affect the stability of financial markets in the European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets in the European Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the 
European Union, and (iii) benchmarks designated as critical in a Member State by national laws, such 
replacement being restricted to contracts and financial instruments which do not contain fallback provisions 
or suitable fallback provisions and have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark 
concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which

--- Page 48 ---
45 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is 
intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated.  
The statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
However, the European Commission is expected to publish implementing acts under the Amending 
Regulation. Therefore, uncertainty remains as to the implementation of the statutory replacement of 
benchmarks as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced on 27 July 2017 
that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark 
after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be 
representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) from 
30 June 2023.  On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark Administration or “IBA”) 
similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021 
or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which are included in the current UK 
Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA to 
continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" basis).  
Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue to be published in its current form and the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that 
any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small number of currencies and settings.  In addition, 
on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working 
group on Sterling risk-free rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets 
so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate 
("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to any such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
46 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks posed by the EU Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 7(e), the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate of Interest is 
Compounded SOFR plus or minus a Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Investors should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as 
a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including 
term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR rate 
over a designated term). The nascent development of Compounded Daily SOFR rates as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates for such market and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of Compounded Daily SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SOFR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable 
to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR.  
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history. 
The Issuer may issue floating rate notes denominated in U.S. Dollar that are calculated by reference to LIBOR 
(pursuant to Condition 7(c)) or SOFR (pursuant to Condition 7(e)). Compounded Daily SOFR differs from 
LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SOFR 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Publication of SOFR began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future performance of 
SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR 
during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may 
change in the future.

--- Page 50 ---
47 
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference Period 
and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact 
the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR. 
In relation to any Notes linked to SOFR, The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may after the relevant Issue Date make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In 
addition, the administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
specified in Condition 7(e) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA. 
Where, pursuant to Condition 7(d), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, investors should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption 
as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under 
this Base Prospectus. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest that will be payable on such Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
SONIA in other markets, such as the derivative and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate. The Bank of England (or any successor) as administrators of 
SONIA may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes 
related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method for 
determining the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 7(e) will apply). The administrator has no

--- Page 51 ---
48 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any SONIA.  
If the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, the rate of interest of the affected Floating Rate Notes will 
be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent 
of such holders be obtained.  
Pursuant to the Conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date  that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the Issuer shall appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will (i) use the substitute or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards or (ii) if no such public selection has occurred, determine a substitute or successor rate 
which is substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate 
(the “Replacement Reference Rate”). Absent manifest error, the determination of the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any necessary adjustment factors thereto, by the Reference Rate Determination Agent shall be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
It is possible that, if a Reference Rate is discontinued, it will take some time before a clear successor rate is 
established in the market. Accordingly, the Conditions provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the 
designation of a Replacement Reference Rate, if a new Benchmark Event occurs with respect to such 
Replacement Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate Determination Agent considers that such Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint a new Reference Rate Determination Agent (which 
may or may not be the same entity as the original agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate (despite the continued existence of 
the initial Replacement Reference Rate, if applicable). If the newly appointed or reappointed Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, 
then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged.  
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued 
benchmark. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical 
and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. There can be no assurance that any adjustment factor 
applied to any Series of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate 
of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into 
hedging instruments based on the relevant Reference Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they 
may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer but for any reason a Replacement 
Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from

--- Page 52 ---
49 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from 
any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be adversely affected.  
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher 
losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Conversion from a fixed to floating interest rate will affect the secondary market and market value of the 
Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.  Any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
VII. Risks related to tax treatment of an investment in the Notes 
Taxation. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to 
rely upon the taxation sections contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
50 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following information (the “Information Incorporated by Reference”) shall be deemed to be incorporated 
by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
• 
The consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto and the independent auditors’ 
report) of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 (set out on pages 203 to 325 
of the 2020 annual report dated 8 March 2021 (the “2020 Annual Report”)) (the “2020 Financial 
Statements”) (available  at https://corporate-media.arcelormittal.com/media/avkp1xck/annual-report-
2020.pdf); 
• 
The consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto and the independent auditors’ report) 
of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 (set out on pages 114 to 244  of the 
2019 annual report dated 3 March 2020 (the “2019 Annual Report”)) (the “2019 Financial 
Statements”) (available at https://corporate-media.arcelormittal.com/media/prse0kuz/annual-report-
2019-1.pdf); 
• 
The annual report on Form 20-F of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 (File 
No. 001-35788), which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on 8 
March 2021 (the “2020 Form 20-F”), save that the following information contained in the 2020 Form 
20-F shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus: (a) ArcelorMittal’s 
financial statements, the independent auditor’s report thereon and the exhibits set out on pages 209 to 
328 of the 2020 Form 20-F; (b) the section entitled “Risk Factors” on pages 17-38 of the 2020 Form 
20-F, (c) the information included under “Reserves (Iron Ore and Coal)” on pages 96 to 99 of the 2020 
Form 20-F; (d) the section entitled “Outlook” on pages 141-142 of the 2020 Form 20-F; and (e) the 
information and auditor’s report on internal control over financial reporting included under the section 
entitled “Evaluation of disclosure Controls and Procedures” on pages 200 to 201 of the 2020 Form 20-
F (available at https://corporate-media.arcelormittal.com/media/0gxcmlsb/2020-annual-report-on-
form-20-f.pdf);   
• 
ArcelorMittal’s interim financial report for the half year ended 30 June 2021 published by the Issuer 
on 30 July 2021, (the “2021 HY Report”) which includes updated disclosure of segment and 
geographic information included in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
December 31, 2020, and the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 (including the notes and the reports of the réviseur d’entreprises agréé on review of interim 
financial information and audit of the updated disclosure of segment and geographic information) on 
pages 37-70, save that the sections entitled “Message from the CEO,” “Trend Information” and 
“Outlook” on pages 4, 29 and 29-30, respectively, of the 2021 HY Report shall not be deemed to be 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
in 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://corporate-
media.arcelormittal.com/media/ac3dpyv2/half-year-report-2021.pdf);  
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 14 April 2021 announcing the renaming of 
ArcelorMittal 
Italia 
to 
Acciaierie 
d’Italia 
(the 
“14 
April 
PR”) 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-completes-investment-
agreement-with-invitalia);  
• 
The complete press release published 8 June 2021 announcing ArcelorMittal’s first investment through 
its 
XCarbtm 
innovation 
fund 
(the 
“8 
June 
PR”) 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-makes-first-investment-
through-its-xcarb-innovation-fund);

--- Page 54 ---
51 
• 
The complete press release published 13 July 2021 announcing that ArcelorMittal Sestao to become 
the world’s first full-scale zero carbon-emissions steel plant (the “13 July PR1”) (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-sestao-to-become-the-world-s-
first-full-scale-zero-carbon-emissions-steel-plant); 
 
• 
The complete press release published 13 July 2021 announcing that ArcelorMittal signed a 
memorandum of understanding with the Spanish Government supporting €1 billion investment in 
decarbonisation technologies (the “13 July PR2”) (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-signs-mou-with-the-spanish-
government-supporting-1-billion-investment-in-decarbonisation-technologies); 
 
• 
The complete press release published 22 July 2021 announcing ArcelorMittal’s investment of $25 
million in Form Energy, concluding the second investment in ArcelorMittal’s XCarbTM innovation 
fund (the “22 July PR”) (available at https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-
releases/arcelormittal-invests-25-million-in-form-energy); 
 
• 
The complete press release published 29 July 2021 announcing the publication of ArcelorMittal’s 
group climate action report (the “29 July PR”) (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-publishes-second-group-
climate-action-report); 
 
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 20 September 2021 announcing that 
ArcelorMittal joined Breakthrough Energy’s Catalyst program as an anchor partner  (the “20 
September PR”) (available at https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-
joins-breakthrough-energy-s-catalyst-program-as-anchor-partner);  
 
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 30 September 2021 announcing Stefan 
Buys as the new CEO of ArcelorMittal Mining (the “30 September PR”) (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-announces-stefan-buys-to-be-
new-ceo-of-arcelormittal-mining);  
 
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 11 November 2021 announcing its results 
for the third quarter of 2021 (the “11 November PR”), save that the section entitled “Joint Ventures” 
on page 9 of the 11 November 2021 PR shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus (available at https://corporate-media.arcelormittal.com/media/0zefdzr1/3q21-
earnings-release-final.pdf);  
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 17 November 2021 announcing the 
closing of ArcelorMittal’s fourth share buyback program and the launch of a fifth $1 billion share 
buyback program (the “17 November PR”) (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/press-releases/arcelormittal-announces-closing-of-its-
fourth-share-buyback-program-and-the-launch-of-a-fifth-us-1-billion-share-buyback-program);  
 
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 66 to 98 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” of the base prospectus dated 20 March 2015 (the “2015 Base Prospectus”) with respect to the 
Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the “2015 Conditions”) (the 
sections and/or pages of the 2015 Base Prospectus other than the 2015 Conditions are not incorporated 
by 
reference 
in 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://storagearcelormittaluat.blob.core.windows.net/media/s5hntwdq/emtn-wholesale-base-
prospectus-dated-20-march-2015.pdf ; 
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 74 to 107 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 55 ---
52 
the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 24 May 2017 (the “2017 Base Prospectus”) with respect to 
the Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the “2017 Conditions”) (the 
sections and/or pages of the 2017 Base Prospectus other than the 2017 Conditions are not incorporated 
by 
reference 
in 
this 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(available 
at 
https://storagearcelormittaluat.blob.core.windows.net/media/hkjgprxk/68d4e78f97700a82c125812a0
02f6f40.pdf); and 
 
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 79 to 115 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 29 May 2019 (the “2019 Base Prospectus”) with respect to 
the Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the “2019 Conditions” and 
the 2017 Conditions and the 2019 Conditions the “Previous Conditions”) (the sections and/or pages 
of the 2019 Base Prospectus other than the 2019 Conditions are not incorporated by reference in this 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(available 
at 
https://storagearcelormittalprod.blob.core.windows.net/media/ghmfnzbd/emtn-base-prospectus-
2019.pdf). 
 
The Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to form a single series with Notes already issued with the relevant Previous Conditions. The 
sections and/or pages of the 2015 Base Prospectus, 2017 Base Prospectus and 2019 Base Prospectus that are 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents referred to above have been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier and are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
Issuer’s website (www.arcelormittal.com). 
Cross-reference table 
The following table cross-references the pages of the Information Incorporated by Reference with the main 
headings required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
In both the following cross-reference table on pages 52 to 58 of this Base Prospectus and the table under the 
heading “Risk Factors Cross-reference table” on pages 59 to 60 of this Base Prospectus, (i) to the extent that 
any information from documents included in Information Incorporated by Reference is not included in the 
cross-reference list (and where it is clearly mentioned that the pages are not incorporated by reference as 
explicitly described above under the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section) it shall be deemed not 
to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus and (ii) any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
(as explicitly described above under the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section) and which are 
therefore not referred to in the cross-reference list, are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
53 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
History and Development of the Issuer. 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
See 2020 Form 20-F, cover page. 
4.1.2 
 
The place of registration of the issuer and its registration 
number  
See 2020 Form 20-F, page 10. 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, page 10. 
4.1.4 
 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, 
the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, page 10. 
4.1.5 
 
Any recent events particular to the issuer which are to a 
material extent relevant to the evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
See 
2020 
Form 
20-F, 
“Key 
transactions and events in 2020”, 
pages 
13 
to 
16, 
“Recent 
developments”, page 16, “Capital 
expenditures”, 
pages 
94-95, 
“Financings”, pages 135 to 136, 
“Sources and uses of cash—Years 
ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 
2018” page 136 and “Operating and 
Financial Review and Prospects”, 
pages 100 to 141. 
See 2021 HY Report 
See 14 April PR 
See 8 June PR 
See 13 July PR1 
See 13 July PR2 
                                                     
1 Items not covered by the Information Incorporated by Reference either do not apply to the Issuer or are covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
54 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
See 22 July PR 
See 29 July PR 
See 20 September PR  
See 30 September PR 
See 11 November PR 
See 17 November PR 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal Activities 
 
5.1.1 
 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Business 
Overview”, pages 38 to 68 and 
“Property, plant and equipment”, 
pages 72 to 93. 
5.1.2 
 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Market 
information”, 
page 
13, 
and 
“Competitive strengths”, pages 7 to 
10. 
6 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This may 
be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
See 
2020 
Form 
20-F, 
“Organizational structure”, pages 70 
to 71. 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
See 
2020 
Form 
20-F, 
“Organizational structure”, pages 70 
to 71. 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 
 
Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside the issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
See 2021 HY Report, “Corporate 
Governance”, pages 32 to 33.  
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Other 
information”, pages 10 to 12 and 
“Management 
and 
Employees”, 
pages 142 to 164.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
(b)  partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests  
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Ethics and 
conflicts of interest” pages 172 to 
173. 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1. 
 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Major 
shareholders”, pages 179 to 180, 
“Related party transactions”, pages 
181 
to 
182, 
and 
“Corporate 
Governance” pages 165 to 173. 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
 
Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
See 2021 HY Report, pages 5-30, 35 
and 37-70. 
See 2020 Form 20-F “Operating and 
Financial Review”, pages 100 to 
141. 
See 2020 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2020 Annual Report 
on pages 203 to 325). 
See 2019 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2019 Annual Report 
on pages 114 to 244). 
11.1.3 Accounting standards  
See 2021 HY Report, page 43. 
See 2020 Financial Statements, 
“Note 1: Accounting Principles”

--- Page 59 ---
56 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the 
financial statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for 
issuers from the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third 
country issuers.  
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information 
included in the registration document has not been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information;  
(b) 
immediately 
following 
the 
historical 
financial 
information a narrative description of the differences 
between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the 
Union and the accounting principles adopted by the issuer 
in preparing its annual financial statements. 
(included in the 2020 Annual Report 
on pages 210 to 213). 
See 2019 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2019 Annual Report 
on pages 121 to 124). 
 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the financial 
information must include at least the following:  
(a) the balance sheet;  
(b) the income statement;  
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
For 
the 
2020 
consolidated 
statements of financial position, see 
page 206 of the 2020 Annual 
Report, consolidated statements of 
operations, see page 204 of the 2020 
Annual 
Report, 
consolidated 
statements of other comprehensive 
income, see page 205 of the 2020 
Annual 
Report, 
consolidated 
statements of changes in equity, see 
page 207 of the 2020 Annual 
Report, consolidated statements of 
cash flows, see page 208 of the 2020 
Annual Report, accounting policies

--- Page 60 ---
57 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
and explanatory notes, see pages 
209 to 320 of the 2020 Annual 
Report. 
For 
the 
2019 
consolidated 
statements of financial position, see 
page 117 of the 2019 Annual 
Report, consolidated statements of 
operations, see page 115 of the 2019 
Annual 
Report, 
consolidated 
statements of other comprehensive 
income, see page 116 of the 2019 
Annual 
Report, 
consolidated 
statements of changes in equity, see 
page 118 of the 2019 Annual 
Report, consolidated statements of 
cash flows, see page 119 of the 2019 
Annual Report, accounting policies 
and explanatory notes, see pages 
120 to 239 of the 2019 Annual 
Report. 
 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document. 
See 2021 HY Report, pages 37 to 70. 
See 2020 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2020 Annual Report 
on pages 203 to 325). 
See 2019 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2019 Annual Report 
on pages 114 to 244). 
11.1.6 Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date 
of the registration document 
See 2021 HY Report, pages 37 to 70. 
See 2020 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2020 Annual Report 
on pages 203 to 325). 
 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information

--- Page 61 ---
58 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
11.2.1 The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance 
with the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply:  
(a) the historical financial information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and fair view in 
accordance with auditing standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following 
information must be included in the registration document:  
(i) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied;  
(ii) an explanation of any significant departures 
from International Standards on Auditing;  
(b) if audit reports on the historical financial information 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers 
or an emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full 
and the reasons given. 
See the independent auditors’ report 
on pages 321 to 325 of the 2020 
Annual Report.  
See the independent auditors’ report 
on pages 240 to 244 of the 2019 
Annual Report.  
 
11.2.3 Where financial information in the registration document is 
not extracted from the issuer’s audited financial statements 
state the source of the data and state that the data is not 
audited. 
See 2021 HY Report, pages 37-70. 
See 11 November PR 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during 
a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement.  
See 2021 HY Report, “Note 12: 
Contingencies”, pages 61 to 62. 
See 2020 Financial Statements, 
“Note 9: Provisions, contingencies 
and commitments” (included in the 
2020 Annual Report on pages 291 to 
306). 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, 
See 2020 Form 20-F, “Material 
Contracts”, pages 193 to 194.

--- Page 62 ---
59 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
which could result in any group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect 
of the securities being issued.

--- Page 63 ---
60 
Risk Factors Cross-reference table  
The following table is included solely for the purpose of indicating the page locations of certain 
sections of documents included as Information Incorporated by Reference which are referenced 
in the text of the section herein entitled “Risk Factors”.  
 
Cross-Reference  
Page Number(s) in 
Referenced Document 
2020 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—
Economic conditions—Raw materials” 
111-114 
2020 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Products—Mining 
products—Other raw materials and energy” 
60-61 
2020 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Research and 
development” 
39-43 
 
2020 Form 20-F, “Management and employees—
Employees” 
142-178 
2020 Form 20-F, “Introduction—Key transactions and events 
in 2020” 
13-16 
2020 Form 20-F, “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint 
ventures” 
91-93 
2020 Form 20-F, “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Capital expenditures” 
94-95 
2020 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—Liquidity 
and capital resources” 
133-138 
2020 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Key currency regulations and exchange 
controls” 
67-68 
2020 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—
Economic conditions—Impact of exchange rate movements” 
119-120 
2020 Form 20-F, “Shareholders and markets—Major 
shareholder” 
179-181 
2020 Form 20-F , “Business overview—Sustainable 
development—Management Theme #4: Environment—
Responsible water use” 
52-54 
2020 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Health and safety laws and regulations” 
65

--- Page 64 ---
61 
2020 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” 
63-65 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 9.3 “Environmental liabilities, asset retirement 
obligations and legal proceedings”  
294-305 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 2.4 “Scope of Consolidation-Basis of 
consolidation-Investments in associates and joint 
arrangements” 
221-230 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note  2.4.1, “Investments in associates and joint 
arrangements-- Joint ventures”   
221-225 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note  2.4.2 “Investments in associates and joint 
arrangements—Associates”  
 
222-230 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 9.4 “Commitments” 
 
305-306 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 5.3 “Impairment of intangible assets, including 
goodwill, and tangible assets” 
246-249 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 8.2 “Deferred employee benefits” 
 
276-287 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 6.3 “Risk management policy” 
 
264-272 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 2.2.1 “Investments in subsidiaries --List of 
subsidiaries” 
214 
2020 Financial Statements (included in the 2020 Annual 
Report), Note 10 “Income Taxes” 
306-312

--- Page 65 ---
62 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the inclusion of which would 
reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer will prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
on another European Economic Area regulated market, shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 66 ---
63 
FORMS OF THE NOTES  
Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer 
form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Notes which is intended to be issued in NGN form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ECB 
credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements 
for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 
June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to 
the Notes.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 calendar days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the

--- Page 67 ---
64 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 calendar days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
calendar days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
However, in relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in circumstances set out in paragraph 
(iii) above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but

--- Page 68 ---
65 
not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 calendar days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 calendar days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of calendar 
14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of 
Default) occurs. 
However, in relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in circumstances set out in paragraph 
(iii) above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 69 ---
66 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Conditions applicable to Global Notes” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto where the TEFRA D Rules are said to be applicable 
in the Final Terms:  
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.”  
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated 
as ordinary income.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Conditions applicable to Global Notes” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: ArcelorMittal (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a form of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 19 November 2021 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions 
references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is 
to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes shall only be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) and 
have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 19 November 2021 (the “Deed of 
Covenant”). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing by Noteholders at BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg branch, 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and, in respect of listed Notes, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg branch, 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(f) 
Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant: Certain provisions of these Conditions are 
outlines of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their 
detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any,

--- Page 71 ---
68 
(the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant 
applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg branch, 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Applicable Accounting Standards” means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted in the European Union as amended from time to time; 
“Asset(s)” of any Person means, all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, 
assets, revenues (including any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital, wherever 
situated; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day or a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business 
Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day;

--- Page 72 ---
69 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar 
Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that a person (or 
a group of persons acting in concert) other than one or more members of the Mittal 
Family controls or acquires control of the Issuer; provided that a Change of Control shall 
not be deemed to have occurred unless, within the Change of Control Period, (i) if the 
long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer is rated by any one 
or more Rating Agencies, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs and, in the case only of such Rating Downgrade occurring within the Potential 
Change of Control Period, the relevant Rating Agency does not, within the Potential 
Change of Control Period, reverse such Rating Downgrade so that the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer has the same or a better credit 
rating attributed by such Rating Agency than before such Rating Downgrade occurred, 
or (ii) if the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer is not

--- Page 73 ---
70 
rated by any one or more Rating Agencies, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs; “control” means the power to direct the management and 
policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the earlier of (i) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control having occurred, 
and (ii) the first day of the Potential Change of Control Period, and ending 90 calendar 
days after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control 
having occurred (the “Initial End Date”), provided that if one or more Rating Agencies 
has on or prior to the Initial End Date publicly announced that it has placed the rating of 
the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer under 
consideration for Rating Downgrade (the “Placing on Credit Watch”), the Change of 
Control Period shall be extended to the earlier of (i) the later of (a) the date which falls 
60 calendar days after the date of the Placing on Credit Watch and (b) the Initial End 
Date or (ii) the date which falls 60 calendar days after the Initial End Date. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements” means the most recently published: 
(i) 
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, as approved by 
its Board of Directors and certified by an independent auditor; or, as the case 
may be, 
(ii) 
unaudited (but subject to a review from an independent auditor) condensed 
consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer, as approved by its 
Board of Directors, 
in each case prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:  
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 74 ---
71 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360 (adjusted/unadjusted)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 75 ---
72 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 76 ---
73 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Existing Security” means any Security granted by any Person over its Assets in respect 
of any Relevant Indebtedness and which is existing at the relevant Issue Date or at the 
time any such Person becomes a Material Subsidiary or whose business and/or activities, 
in whole or in part, are assumed by or vested in the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary after 
the relevant Issue Date (other than any Security created in contemplation thereof) or any 
substitute Security created over those Assets (or any part thereof) in connection with the 
refinancing of the Relevant Indebtedness secured on those Assets provided that the 
principal, nominal or capital amount secured on any such Security may not be increased; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Notes); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or

--- Page 77 ---
74 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets 
or pre-tax profits (excluding intra-Group items) then equal or exceed 5 per cent. of the 
gross assets or pre-tax profits of the Group. 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
the gross assets or pre-tax profits of a Subsidiary of the Issuer will be 
determined from its financial statements (unconsolidated if it has 
Subsidiaries) upon which the latest audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a company becomes a member of the Group after the date on which the 
latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group have been 
prepared, the gross assets or pre-tax profits of that Subsidiary will be 
determined from its latest financial statements;  
(c) 
the gross assets or pre-tax profits of the Group will be determined from 
its latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements, adjusted (where 
appropriate) to reflect the gross assets or pre-tax profits of any company 
or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(d) 
 if a Material Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to 
another Subsidiary of the Issuer, it will immediately cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will 
immediately become a Material Subsidiary; the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine 
whether those Subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries or not;

--- Page 78 ---
75 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate 
of the auditors of the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mittal Family” means Mr and/or Mrs L.N. Mittal and/or their family (acting directly 
or indirectly through trusts and/or other entities controlled by any of the foregoing);  
“Negative Rating Event” means the Issuer does not within the Change of Control 
Period obtain an investment grade rating for its long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness from at least one Rating Agency; 
“Noteholder”, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 79 ---
76 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
“Permitted Security” means: 
(i) 
any Existing Security; 
(ii) 
any Security granted in respect of or in connection with any Securitisation 
Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness, but only to the extent that 
the Security Interest is created on an asset of the project being financed by the 
relevant Project Finance Indebtedness (and/or the shares in, and/or shareholder 
loans to, the company conducting such project where such company has no 
assets other than those relating to such project); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Potential Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date of 
the first public announcement of a potential Change of Control by the Issuer, or by any 
actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto, and ending on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control;  
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to 
finance the ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an 
asset or connected group of assets in respect of which the person or persons to whom 
such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse for the repayment of or payment 
of any sum relating to such indebtedness other than:

--- Page 80 ---
77 
(i) 
recourse to such debtor or its Subsidiaries for amounts limited to the cash flow 
from such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such debtor generally, or to a member of the Group, which recourse 
is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages 
required to be calculated in a specific way) for breach of an obligation, 
representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, representation or 
warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to procure payment by 
another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial 
condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(iii) 
if: 
(a) 
such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of 
constructing, developing, owning and/or operating the relevant asset or 
connected group of assets; and  
(b) 
such debtor owns no assets and carries on no business which is not related 
to the relevant asset or connected group of assets, 
recourse to all the material assets and undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the 
capital of such debtor and shareholder loans made to such debtor; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder 
in accordance with Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or 
Condition 9(i) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring 
Event); 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder in accordance with 
Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(i) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event); 
“Put Restructuring Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer being wound up or dissolved or ceasing to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business prior to repayment in full of the Notes 
other than in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or 
other form of reorganisation pursuant to which the surviving entity shall 
be the transferee of or successor to all or substantially all of the business 
of the Issuer and assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect 
to the Notes (an “Issuer Winding-up Event”) and provided that a Rating 
Downgrade shall not have occurred within the period of 60 calendar days 
immediately following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or 
reorganisation; or

--- Page 81 ---
78 
(b) 
any Material Subsidiary being wound up or dissolved or ceasing to carry 
on all or substantially all of its business (each a “Material Subsidiary 
Winding-up Event”) prior to the repayment in full of the Notes AND a 
Rating Downgrade having occurred within the period of 60 calendar days 
immediately following any such Material Subsidiary Winding-up Event, 
provided that no Put Restructuring Event will be deemed to have 
occurred under this paragraph (b) if the relevant Material Subsidiary 
Winding-up Event takes place in connection with a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the relevant Material Subsidiary are transferred 
to or otherwise vested in one or more of the Issuer or another Material 
Subsidiary; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings, Fitch Ratings Ltd. or Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc. (or, in each case, any successor rating agency thereto); 
“Rating Downgrade” means the credit rating previously assigned to the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer by any Rating Agency is (a) 
withdrawn or (b) is changed from investment grade to non-investment grade (for 
example, from BBB- to BB+ by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., or worse) or (c) if the credit rating previously assigned 
by the relevant Rating Agency was below investment grade, is lowered one rating notch 
(for example, from BB+ to BB by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc.), and such Rating Agency shall have publicly announced 
or confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such withdrawal or downgrade is principally 
the result of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect 
of, the Change of Control or potential Change of Control, the Material Subsidiary 
Winding-up Event or the Material Subsidiary Insolvency Event, or Issuer Winding-up 
Event, as the case may be; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
79 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for borrowed money represented by 
bonds, notes or other debt instruments which are for the time being quoted or listed on 
any stock exchange or other similar regulated securities market; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount 
of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 83 ---
80 
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Indebtedness which is incurred in 
connection with any securitisation, asset repackaging, factoring or like arrangement or 
any combination thereof of any assets, revenues or other receivables where the recourse 
of the Person making the Relevant Indebtedness available or entering into the relevant 
arrangement or agreement(s) is limited fully or substantially to such assets or revenues 
or other receivables; 
“Security” means any mortgage, charge, pledge or other real security interest (sûreté 
réelle); 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Subsidiary” means: 
(i) 
an entity of which a Person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of 
ownership (and control for this purpose means the power to direct the 
management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership of 
voting capital, by contract or otherwise); and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Issuer, an entity which fulfils the definition in paragraph (a) 
above and which is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements on a 
fully integrated basis; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons;

--- Page 84 ---
81 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up 
to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Notes: The Notes are in bearer form with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. Notes shall be issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an European Economic Area 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). In the case of a Series of Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will 
not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. In the case of a Series 
of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination and where integral multiples of a 
smaller Specified Denomination above a minimum Specified Denomination are issued, 
the maximum denomination of Notes in definitive form which will be issued will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title to Notes: Title to Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. “Holder” means 
the holder of such Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
(c) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable

--- Page 85 ---
82 
for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or 
condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 below) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference or priority among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
Luxembourg law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including indebtedness and guarantees) of the Issuer. 
5. 
Negative Pledge  
The Issuer covenants that so long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) it will not, and will procure that no Material 
Subsidiary will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon any of its Assets, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by it or by any 
Material Subsidiary (whether before or after the issue of the Notes) other than Permitted 
Security unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are (i) equally and rateably 
secured so as to rank pari passu with such Relevant Indebtedness or the guarantee 
thereof or (ii) benefit from any other Security or arrangement as shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders 
in a general meeting.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR: If “Screen Rate Determination-IBOR” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at

--- Page 87 ---
84 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Rate of Interest 
will be the rate per annum (or the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if applicable) as communicated to the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the applicable inter-bank market, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if it is not possible to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period; 
(v) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 7(c)(iii) and (iv) above, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any 
Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, it will as 
soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than two Business 
Days prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date, appoint an agent (the 
“Reference Rate Determination Agent”), which will (i) use the substitute or 
successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that is consistent with industry accepted standards or (ii) if no such 
public selection has occurred, determine a substitute or successor rate which is 
substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and is an industry 
accepted successor rate for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination (the “Replacement Reference Rate”). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference Rate, 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 88 ---
85 
(vi) 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement 
Reference Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination:  
i. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, in consultation with the Issuer,  
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Conditions, 
including but not limited to the applicable Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction (the “Benchmark Amendments”), and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such  Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate and any necessary adjustment to the spread to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders resulting from the application of  the Replacement Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such  
Replacement Reference Rate;  
ii. 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; and 
iii. the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as 
soon as reasonably practicable;  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by the Issuer determines for any reason that a Replacement 
Reference Rate cannot, pursuant to this Condition, be determined or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer may decide that no 
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the 
following Interest Periods in such case will be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable Replacement 
Reference Rate, or if the Reference Rate Determination Agent considers that 
such Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor 
rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purposes of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an 
identical manner as described above. If such Reference Rate Determination

--- Page 89 ---
86 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement 
Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Issuer will give notice of the Reference Rate or Replacement Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, and of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable but 
in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to 
the applicable Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to 
this paragraph (vi). No noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi), including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
by the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent or Paying Agents (if required).  
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be a leading bank or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Issuer. The Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 7 shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud or manifest error, the Reference Rate Determination Agent shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Noteholders, or any other party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, a “Benchmark Event” means, with 
respect to the relevant Reference Rate, any of the following: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(ii) the later of (a) the making of a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the relevant Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (ii)(a); 
(iii) the later of (a) the making of a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administration for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar

--- Page 90 ---
87 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, stating that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, on or 
before a specified date, permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate) and (b) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (iii)(a);  
(iv) the later of (a) making of a public statement or publication of information 
by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate on or before a specified date, announcing that the relevant 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or as a consequence of which 
the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used generally 
or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (iv)(a); or 
(v) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent (as applicable) to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with Condition 7(d)(ii) or 7(d)(iii) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(d)(iv) to 7(d)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Lag Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 7(d)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:

--- Page 91 ---
88 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣௅஻஽ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, 
and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 92 ---
89 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 7(d)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;

--- Page 93 ---
90 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is 
a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.  
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Bank determines that 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) (x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).

--- Page 94 ---
91 
(vii) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(d)(vii), the Interest Rate shall be (x) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events 
of default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became 
due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the 
Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination – SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(e) (Interest – 
Screen Rate Determination - SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one 
or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date

--- Page 95 ---
92 
have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the 
calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(e)(D) below will apply.  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment 
Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date 
where "p" has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions 
in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if

--- Page 96 ---
93 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where:  
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) pursuant to this section, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(x) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(y) will be made by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer); 
and  
(z) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes 
or any other party.

--- Page 97 ---
94 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with 
the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(x) the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(y) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(z) the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(x) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(y) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(z) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides, in consultation with the Issuer, that adoption of

--- Page 98 ---
95 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) in the case of clause (x) or (y) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) in the case of clause (z) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(z) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative;

--- Page 99 ---
96 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by 
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 7(d) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 100 ---
97 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be no less than zero. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
98 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to 
be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
(i) the first day of the relevant Interest Period if determined prior to such time, or (ii) in 
all other cases, the second Business Day after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(m) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Each Fixed/Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may decide to convert at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) which shall 
be automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has

--- Page 102 ---
99 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: If, by reason of a change in Luxembourg law or any change 
in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would, on the occasion of the payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 11 (Taxation), the Issuer may, at any 
time (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date), subject to having given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their principal amount with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
Luxembourg taxes. The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (in the 
event that the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) is promptly 
informed of any redemption under this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:  
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); and  
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) 
above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties 
as may be specified in the Final Terms,  
which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each 
such date, a “Make-whole Redemption Date”) redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. 
“Calculation Date” means the fourth Business Day prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of:

--- Page 103 ---
100 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accruing on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual 
or a semi-annual basis (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-
whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and  
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date,  
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9(c) 
before the date set in the Final Terms as the date from which the Residual Maturity Call 
Option may be exercised (the "Residual Maturity Exercise Date"), the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by substituting the Maturity Date by the 
Residual Maturity Exercise Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining 
scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the Residual Maturity Exercise 
Date, and the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the interest that would 
have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Residual Maturity Exercise Date, to but excluding the Residual Maturity 
Exercise Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by 
the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on 
the fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. 
(Central European Time (“CET”)) (“Reference Dealer Quotation”). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or 
financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government 
security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues.  
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by 
the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the fourth Business Day preceding the

--- Page 104 ---
101 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer 
and published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  
“Similar Security” means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 9(e) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 9(c). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 to the Noteholders 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months 
before the Maturity Date, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have 
not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (c) (Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the call option (“Call Option”) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest 
(if any) to such date).  
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at 
least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call 
Option”) but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not been 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (c) (Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer). 
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 
9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent reasonably approves and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or

--- Page 105 ---
102 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the put option (the “Put Option”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 9(h), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with 
any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(h), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event: If the Put 
Restructuring Event option (the “Put Restructuring Event Option”) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and if at any time while any of the Notes remain 
outstanding a Put Restructuring Event occurs, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Option Notice, the Issuer gives notice under 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) in respect of the Notes or the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) would fall on or after the Maturity Date) specified in the relevant 
Put Restructuring Event Option.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Restructuring Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Fiscal Agent and, upon receipt of such notice, the 
Fiscal Agent shall give a Put Option Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the procedure for exercising the option contained in 
this Condition 9(i).

--- Page 106 ---
103 
To exercise the option to require redemption of its Notes under this Condition 9(i), a 
Noteholder must deliver such Notes together with all Coupons relating to them which 
mature after the date fixed for redemption, on any TARGET Business Day falling within 
the period (the “Restructuring Put Period”) of 45 calendar days after a Put Option 
Notice is given, to any Paying Agent together with a duly completed redemption notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent and in which the holder may specify a 
bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(i). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
by transfer to the bank account specified in the Put Option Notice and otherwise subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). A Put Option Notice once given shall be 
irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) unless previously redeemed or purchased. 
The Fiscal Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Put Restructuring Event 
or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Put 
Restructuring Event has occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or express 
notice to the contrary, the Fiscal Agent may assume that no Put Restructuring Event or 
other such event has occurred. The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (in the event that the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) is promptly informed of any redemption under this Condition 9(i). 
(j) 
Offer to Purchase upon a Change of Control: If at any time while any of the Notes 
remains outstanding there occurs a Change of Control, the Issuer (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Change of Control Notice, the Issuer gives notice under Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) in respect of the Notes or the Change of Control 
Redemption Date would fall on or after the Maturity Date) will make an offer to 
purchase and redeem all or a portion of each Noteholder’s Notes (a “Change of Control 
Offer”) on the Change of Control Redemption Date. Each such Note shall be purchased 
and redeemed at 101 per cent. of its principal amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Within 30 calendar days following the date upon which the Change of Control occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Fiscal Agent and, upon receipt of such notice, the 
Fiscal Agent shall give notice (a “Change of Control Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the procedure and the terms of the 
Change of Control Offer contained in this Condition 9(j). Such Change of Control 
Notice will state, amongst other things, the date of purchase and redemption (the 
“Change of Control Redemption Date”), which must be no earlier than 30 calendar 
days nor later than 60 calendar days from the date such Change of Control Notice is 
given.  
Noteholders electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer 
under this Condition 9(j) must deliver such Notes together with all Coupons relating to 
them which mature after the date fixed for redemption, prior to the close of business in 
Luxembourg on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Redemption Date 
(the “Change of Control Redemption Deadline”), to any Paying Agent together with

--- Page 107 ---
104 
a duly completed redemption notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (the 
“Change of Control Redemption Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(j). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Change of Control Offer will lapse as of the Change of 
Control Redemption Deadline and any Change of Control Redemption Notice received 
after such time shall be treated as null and void and the Issuer shall not, nor be required 
to, purchase any of the Notes that are subject of such notice. 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Change of Control Redemption 
Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Redemption 
Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). A Change 
of Control Redemption Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem 
the relevant Notes on the Change of Control Redemption Date unless previously 
redeemed or purchased. 
The Fiscal Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control or any 
event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control has 
occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the 
Fiscal Agent may assume that no Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (in the event that the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) is promptly informed of any purchase 
and redemption under this Condition 9(j). 
(k) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (i) above unless specified in the Final Terms. 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(l) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(m) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith.

--- Page 108 ---
105 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments  
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due on, or by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest on notes denominated in 
U.S. Dollars may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City 
if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when 
due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be 
that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment;

--- Page 109 ---
106 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date 
for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), Condition 9(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), 
Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(i) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event), Condition 9(j) (Offer to 
Purchase upon a Change of Control) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above).

--- Page 110 ---
107 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part 
of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for 
a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that each Noteholder and Couponholder 
after such deduction or withholding will receive the full amount then due and payable 
thereon in the absence of such deduction or withholding, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where such deduction or withholding is imposed pursuant to the Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005 on taxation of savings income, as amended ; or  
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
paying agent; or 
(iv) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 calendar days.

--- Page 111 ---
108 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: any amount of interest or any principal on any Note shall not be 
paid on the due date thereof and such default shall not be remedied within a 
period of twenty (20) calendar days; or  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: if default is made by the Issuer in the due 
performance or observance of any other of its obligations in these Conditions 
and such default continues for a period of forty (40) calendar days following 
receipt of a written notice of such default by the Fiscal Agent from any 
Noteholder; or  
(c) 
Cross default: any present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, other than 
the Notes and any moneys borrowed or raised by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary from any other member of the Group, shall not be paid when it shall 
become due and payable on its stated maturity date (following the giving of 
such notice, if any, as is required under the document governing such 
indebtedness and as extended by any applicable grace period) or becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence of any 
default or event of default, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantees for, 
or indemnity in respect of, any such financial indebtedness (other than in 
respect of any such guarantee or indemnity granted in favour of any other 
member of the Group) (i) unless the aggregate amount of all such financial 
indebtedness or guarantees or indemnities is less than €100,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currencies or (ii) unless the Issuer or any such Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings that such financial indebtedness is due or such guarantees or 
indemnities are callable, in which event such default shall not constitute an 
event of default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally 
adjudicated against the Issuer or any such Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be and the latter has not complied with the terms of such judicial decision 
within ten (10) Business Days; or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc:  
(i) 
(A) If the Issuer is in cessation of payments (cessation de 
paiements) or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
bankrupt (en faillite) or presents a request for controlled 
management (gestion contrôlée) or is granted a moratorium on 
payments (sursis de paiement) or a moratorium of any indebtedness 
or enters into a composition with its creditors (concordat préventif 
de la faillite), or is declared in liquidation under a compulsory 
liquidation procedure (liquidateur judiciaire) or suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or

--- Page 112 ---
109 
of a particular type of) its debts within the meaning of any 
applicable law, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, 
rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular 
type of) its debts (or any part which it will or might otherwise be 
unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment 
or any arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or moratorium is 
agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or a 
particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any event occurs which 
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect 
to any of the foregoing events, or (B) if any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to the 
appointment of a liquidator under a compulsory liquidation 
procedure 
(liquidateur 
judiciaire), 
receiver 
(curateur), 
administrative receiver, administrator (commissaire à la gestion 
contrôlée), compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect 
of the Issuer or all or a substantial part of its assets; or 
(ii) 
If any Material Subsidiary is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or bankrupt or presents a request for controlled 
management (gestion contrôlée) or is granted a moratorium on 
payments or is unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or all of a 
particular type of) its debts within the meaning of any applicable 
law, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, 
rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular 
type of) its debts (or any part which it will or might otherwise be 
unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment 
or any arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or moratorium is 
agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or a 
particular type of) the debts of any such Material Subsidiary or any 
event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has 
an analogous effect to any of the foregoing events (in each case, a 
“Material Subsidiary Insolvency Event”), provided that no Event 
of Default under this paragraph (ii) will occur in relation to any 
such Material Subsidiary Insolvency Event unless a Rating 
Downgrade shall have occurred within the period of sixty (60) 
calendar days immediately following such Material Subsidiary 
Insolvency Event, 
 
then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office 
by the relevant Holder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of repayment without further formality, unless prior

--- Page 113 ---
110 
to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent the relevant Event of Default shall have 
been cured.  
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Notes shall become void unless the relevant Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
interest in respect of Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Notes (and, if the Notes are 
then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in 
any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a 
successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.

--- Page 114 ---
111 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than 100% of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as 
if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, 
if the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper

--- Page 115 ---
112 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Tageblatt) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in 
either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Notes.  
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
“first currency”) in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.

--- Page 116 ---
113 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, do not 
apply to the provisions of Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver). 
(b) 
English courts: Subject to paragraph (d) below, the courts of England have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes 
or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the 
consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 21(b) 
(English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 21 (Governing law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to ArcelorMittal Limited, 7th Floor, Berkeley Square 
House, Berkeley Square, London, W1J 6DA (United Kingdom), at which service of 
process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and 
to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 117 ---
114 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be applied for the general corporate and financing 
purposes of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, including to refinance existing 
indebtedness.

--- Page 118 ---
115 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, 
duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”) RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“EU MiFID II”), 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”) RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the

--- Page 119 ---
116 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
2 Note: Dealers should determine on each takedown whether or not they are a manufacturer for purposes of UK 
MiFIR. This legend can be deleted if Dealers decide that they are not subject to UK MiFIR and there are therefore 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 120 ---
117 
Final Terms dated [●]  
ArcelorMittal 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as may be amended 
from time to time, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”.) This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]].  
 [Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and either (1) the Notes 
which are the subject of the Final Terms are not being (a) offered to the public in a member 
state (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a member state or 
(2) the Conditions (as defined in the next paragraph) do not contain, by comparison with the 
Base Prospectus, any “significant new factor” within the meaning of Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. If neither (1) nor (2) applies the Issuer will need to consider effecting 
the issue by means of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a stand alone prospectus rather 
than by Final Terms.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 20 March 2015]  [dated 24 May 
2017][dated 29 May 2019]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2021 [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [/20 March 2015/24 May 
2017/29 May 2019] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8.2 of  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129,  (as may be amended from time to time, the “EU 
Prospectus Regulation”).]  
[Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base

--- Page 121 ---
118 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) [and] during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii)  Date on which Notes 
become fungible 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [insert relevant Series with which the 
Notes are fungible and its Series number] on 
[]/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about []].] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[       ] 
4. 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[       ]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from []] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable) 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[€100,000] / [€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof [up 
to and including [€199,000]].

--- Page 122 ---
119 
(Note – No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].) 
6. 
Calculation Amount: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue 
Date/Not 
Applicable] 
(An 
Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[LIBOR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR 
/[]] +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [date], paragraph [14/15] applies 
and for the period from (and including) 
[date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Put Restructuring Event Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[       ] [and [       ], respectively]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 123 ---
120 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
 
13. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[   
 
] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable  
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): [       ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Regular Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Specified Period will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 124 ---
121 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ []] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination-IBOR/ISDA 
Determination/Linear Interpolation] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] (no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function) 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination - IBOR: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/[]] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination – 
SONIA: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
"p" 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•]

--- Page 125 ---
122 
 
• 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation  
Method 
[Lag/Lock-out] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate 
Determination – SOFR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR] 
 
• 
"p" 
[•]  
 
• 
Relevant Time 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial Centre 
[•]  
 
 
 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[       ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[       ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum.3  
 
(xv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
                                                     
3 The Minimum Rate of Interest shall be no less than zero.

--- Page 126 ---
123 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
17. Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by 
Issuer 
of 
Make-whole 
Redemption Date and Make-
whole Redemption Amount (if 
[Not applicable/ []]

--- Page 127 ---
124 
other than set out in Condition 
9(c)):  
 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin:  
[] 
 
(iii) 
Discounting 
basis 
for 
purposes of calculating sum of 
the 
present 
values 
of 
the 
remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on 
Redeemed 
Notes 
in 
the 
determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount:  
[Annual/Semi-Annual]  
 
 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
 
(v) 
Similar Security: 
[] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
Quotation Agent: 
[] /[Not Applicable]  
 
18. Residual Maturity Call Option 
 
 
Date from which the Residual 
Maturity Call Option may be 
exercised: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
The Issuer may exercise the Residual Maturity Call 
Option starting on [•] and at any time thereafter. 
 
19.  Clean-Up Call Option 
(i) Optional 
Redemption  
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the below sub-paragraph) 
 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes plus interest) 
 
20. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount

--- Page 128 ---
125 
21. Put 
Restructuring 
Event 
Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount 
22. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
23. Early Redemption Amount  
 
(Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption and/or the 
method of calculating the same) 
 
[Not Applicable]/[100]/[] per cent 
 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and the 
Early Termination Amount are the principal amount of 
the Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from 
the principal amount of the Notes) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 90 calendar days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] /  
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 40 calendar days' notice]/ 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 90 calendar days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]/  
 
 
[Talons for future Coupons or Receipts are to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (these Talons mature on 
[])]  
(If not applicable, this section should be deleted)

--- Page 129 ---
126 
25. New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
26. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
sub paragraph 15(i) relates) 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
27. (i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
 
 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
28. If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
29. U.S. Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D] 
30.  Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[] has been extracted from [].] The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading in any material respect.] 
Signed on behalf of ArcelorMittal: 
By: 
............................................  
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
127 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
Official 
list 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) with effect from [   ].]/[Not 
Applicable.]/ 
 
 
[The [] are already admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)] (Applicable 
where documenting a fungible issue as it will be 
necessary to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] [have not been] rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [  ]] 
[Moody's: [  ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
[Other: [  ]] 
 
 
[According to S&P's rating system, an obligation 
rated "A" is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-
rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is still strong. The addition of pluses 
and minuses provides further distinctions within 
the ratings range.] 
[According 
to 
Moodys' 
rating 
system, 
obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-

--- Page 131 ---
128 
medium grade with low credit risk. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from "Aa" through 
"Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic 
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category.] 
[Fitch’s credit rating scale for issuers and issues 
is expressed using the categories ‘AAA’ to 
‘BBB’ (investment grade) and ‘BB’ to ‘D’ 
(speculative grade) with an additional +/- for AA 
through 
CCC 
levels 
indicating 
relative 
differences of probability of default or recovery 
for issues. According to Fitch's rating system, an 
obligation rated "A" denotes expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable 
to adverse business or economic conditions than 
is the case for higher ratings.] 
[[] is established in the European Economic 
Area and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended from 
to time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 
No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.] 
[[] is established in the European Economic 
Area and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”). [] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [] 
has given to the Notes is [issued / endorsed] by 
[], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/[Ratings issued by [] are 
endorsed by [] which is established in the EEA

--- Page 132 ---
129 
and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as amended from time to time 
including by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the 
"EU CRA Regulation ").]] 
[[] is not established in the European Economic 
Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended from 
time to time, including by Regulation (EU) No. 
513/2011 (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the 
Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services to, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.]”/ []] 
4.  
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, 
[USE OF PROCEEDS] AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[]  
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer are different 
from the ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus, will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
 
5. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]]

--- Page 133 ---
130 
6. 
[(Floating Rate Notes only) – HISTORICAL INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from []. 
 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] which is 
provided 
by 
[]. 
As 
at 
[date], 
[] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended [the “EU Benchmark 
Regulation”)] / or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established an maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmark Regulation”)]. [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that [] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]][Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
[CFI:  
[[Include Code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
FISN:  
[[Include Code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]

--- Page 134 ---
131 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”.)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/[give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[  ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable ]] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon  
issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 135 ---
132 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]]

--- Page 136 ---
133 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under such Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the 
case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 7 calendar days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary

--- Page 137 ---
134 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary 
Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment,  
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.) Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.  
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 138 ---
135 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment,  
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became 
void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with 
all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent 
and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect 
of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is entered pro rata in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, while all Notes are represented by a Global Note the definition of “Payment Business 
Day” means:  
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is in the case of payment by transfer 
to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is in the case of payment by

--- Page 139 ---
136 
transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Conditions 9(f), 9(h) or 9(i) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for 
the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal 
Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are), deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable 
law or regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 140 ---
137 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
   
The description of the Issuer is set out in the documents incorporated by reference in section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
The current credit ratings of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Long-term rating 
Short-term rating 
Outlook 
Moody’s 
Baa3 
P-3 
Stable 
Standard & Poor’s 
BBB- 
A3 
Stable 
Fitch 
BBB- 
B 
Stable 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") is established in the European Economic Area 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended  (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). Moody’s Investor Service Ltd (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) 
are established in the UK and are registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The 
ratings issued by  Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch Ireland”). The 
ratings issued by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s 
Germany”). Each of Fitch Ireland and Moody’s Germany are established in the EEA and are 
registered under the CRA Regulation and  appear on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of 7 May 2021 on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. For purposes of the UK CRA 
Regulation, the credit ratings are issued by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered by the FCA under the UK CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In order to have access to the latest ratings, Investors are invited to refer to the Issuer’s 
website.

--- Page 141 ---
138 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
As a complement to the Information Incorporated by Reference referred to in section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”, please see below. 
Partnership with Breakthrough Energy’s Catalyst Program 
On 20 September 2021, ArcelorMittal announced that it had become an anchor partner in 
Breakthrough Energy’s Catalyst program, committing to an equity investment of $100 million 
over the next five years.  
Breakthrough Energy was founded by Bill Gates, and is committed to scaling the technologies 
the world needs to reach net-zero emissions by 2050. It’s efforts include investment vehicles, 
philanthropic programs, policy advocacy and other initiatives, including Catalyst.  
Catalyst, launched in July 2021 and is a new model for how companies, governments and 
private philanthropy can finance, produce and ensure widespread adoption of next-generation 
clean technologies. The program will initially focus on four decarbonisation technologies: 
direct air capture, green hydrogen, long duration energy storage and sustainable aviation fuel. 
ArcelorMittal’s investment is to be made through its XCarbTM innovation fund which was 
launched in March of 2021. The Company anticipates investing up to $100 million annually 
through the fund in companies developing technologies with the potential to support and 
accelerate the transition to zero carbon emissions steelmaking. As of the date of the 
announcement, ArcelorMittal has invested $10 million in Heliogen, a renewable energy 
company which focuses on unlocking the power of sunlight to replace fossil fuels, and $25 
million in Form Energy, which is working on the development of its breakthrough energy 
storage technology.  
Third Quarter Results 
On 11 November 2021, ArcelorMittal announced its results for the three month period ended 
30 September 2021. See the 11 November PR incorporated by reference herein for more 
information.   
Share Buyback Program 
On 17 November 2021, ArcelorMittal announced the completion of its fourth share buyback 
program announced on 29 July 2021 under the authorization given by the annual general 
meeting of shareholders of 8 June 2021 (the “2021 AGM Authorization”). 
By market close on 16 November 2021, ArcelorMittal had repurchased 67,404,066 shares for 
a total value of €1,881,270,528.80 (equivalent to US$2,199,999,614.74) at an approximate 
average price per share of €27.9103.  
ArcelorMittal also announced that it will commence on 17 November 2021 a share buyback 
program in the amount of US$1 billion (the “Program”) under the 2021 AGM Authorization. 
The Program is expected to be completed by February 2022, subject to market conditions.

--- Page 142 ---
139 
The shares acquired under the Program are intended (1) to meet ArcelorMittal’s obligations 
under debt obligations exchangeable into equity securities; (2) to reduce ArcelorMittal’s share 
capital, and/or; (3) to meet ArcelorMittal’s obligations arising from employee share programs. 
See 17 November PR incorporated by reference herein for more information.   
Legal Proceedings Updates 
Tax Claims 
Ukraine  
In August 2021, ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih commenced court proceedings to dispute the 
assessment by Ukrainian tax authorities of a rent tax (in the amount of approximately $104 
million) on production activities by ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih for the period from January 2015 
to March 2019. 
Kazakhstan 
In November 2020, ArcelorMittal Termitau filed a lawsuit in the Astana investment court 
against the State revenue committee. The dispute is related to a tax claim by the said committee 
resulting from an audit for the years 2013-2017. Court hearings started in February 2021 and 
resulted in a June 2021 judgment against ArcelorMittal Termitau for $45 million for tax and 
late payment interest as estimated by the authorities in their Notification of 28 September 2020. 
This decision was appealed with the Court of second instance, and in September 2021, the 
judgment against ArcelorMittal Termitau was confirmed by the Court of second instance. The 
judgment has come into force, with an additional administrative penalty increasing the total to 
over $55 million. ArcelorMittal Termitau is currently considering an appeal in cassation.

--- Page 143 ---
140 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg withholding tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law 
as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may 
take effect after such date. The information contained within this section is limited to 
withholding taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out 
below to other areas of law, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving 
the Notes. 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes, which are not profit 
sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance 
with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, 
which has introduced a 20 per cent. withholding tax on savings income, which includes interest 
payable under the Notes. The 20 per cent. withholding tax is final only when the Luxembourg 
resident individual is acting in the context of the management of its private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the 
meaning of such law and not by the Issuer.  
The proposed EU financial transaction tax (“FTT”).  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
"established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a)

--- Page 144 ---
141 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 145 ---
142 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of Montreal Europe PLC, Bank of Montreal, 
London Branch, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH, Société 
Générale, UniCredit Bank AG. (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in 
a Dealer Agreement dated 19 November 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between 
the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased 
by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable 
by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes, having the maturity of more 
than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising 
any Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 146 ---
143 
In addition, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, to the 
Issuer that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to 
the distribution or delivery of the Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area (each, a “Member State”), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer 
of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation 
to any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of

--- Page 147 ---
144 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
 the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (as completed by the Final Terms) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:

--- Page 148 ---
145 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the UK. 
France  
Each of the Issuer and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France,  to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1o of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause 
to be distributed in France to such qualified investors the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering materials relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that – without prejudice to paragraph “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors” above – the Notes may not, and will not, be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may or will copies of the Base Prospectus and any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) 
of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (the “Intermediaries 
Regulation”), pursuant to Article 100, paragraph 1, letter a) of Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, 
paragraph 1, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the 
“Issuers Regulation”); or

--- Page 149 ---
146 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the 
restrictions on offers to the public applies, including, without limitation, as provided under 
Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax, exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations, and, in 
particular, must be carried out: 
(a) by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1  September 1993 (the “Banking Law”), the Issuers Regulation and the 
Intermediaries Regulation, each as amended from time to time; 
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Law and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable), as amended from 
time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering 
or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(c) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be, 
from time to time, imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland except in circumstances 
that will not result in the offer of the Notes being a public offering in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Code of Obligations (“CO”). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as that term is 
understood pursuant to Article 652a or 1156 of the CO, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
The Notes are not a collective investment scheme as per the Swiss Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes and are not subject to the authorization or supervision by the Swiss Financial market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection or 
supervision by such authority. 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”). This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be 
prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into

--- Page 150 ---
147 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as 
a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable 
laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 151 ---
148 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuer obtained authorisation for this Base Prospectus on 11 July 2019 and will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
2. 
Save as disclosed in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in 
item 11.3  “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” of the cross-reference table included in 
section “Information Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is 
not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or has had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Yield 
  
3. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Significant/Material Change  
4. 
Save as disclosed under “Recent Developments” on page  137-140 in this Base 
Prospectus and in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in Item 
4.1.5 “Any recent events particular to the issuer which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the issuer’s solvency” of the cross-reference table included in section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” on pages 53-54 of this Base Prospectus, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2021 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
Independent Auditors  
5. 
The annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 by Deloitte Audit Société à responsabilité limitée, a 
réviseur d'entreprises, who is a member of the Institut des Reviseurs d'Entreprises in 
Luxembourg and whose registered address is located at 20, boulevard de Kockelscheuer, 
L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Documents on Display  
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the offices of BNP Paribas Securities

--- Page 152 ---
149 
Services, Luxembourg branch at 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg for twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the statuts coordonnés of the Issuer dated 23 September 2021; 
(b) 
the 2020 Form 20-F; 
(c) 
the 2020 Financial Statements; 
(d) 
the 2019 Financial Statements; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and 
definitive form);  
(h) 
the Issuer ICSDs Agreement; 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2021, including any future 
supplements thereto (copies of which will be obtainable free of charge and not 
just available for inspection); and 
(j) 
any Final Terms relating to the Notes which are listed on any stock exchange 
(copies of which will be obtainable free of charge as well and not just available 
for inspection). (In the case of any Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders). 
In addition, the Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the Notes and the certain sections 
of the Agency Agreement shall be made available on the Issuer’s website: 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/emtn-programme.  
Material Contracts  
7. 
Save as disclosed in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in 
Item 12 “Material Contracts” of the cross-reference table included in the section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not 
entered into any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course of its business, 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. The address of Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 Boulevard du Roi

--- Page 153 ---
150 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 2EULGUTUI56JI9SAL165. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
9. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest 
between any duties owed to the Issuer by members of its administrative, management 
and supervisory bodies and their private interests or other duties. 
Final Terms 
 
10. 
The Final Terms referred to in this Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus as supplemented and will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services, including corporate finance services, to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or with its affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or to the Issuer’s affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose 
of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies. 
Benchmark Regulation 
 
12. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and

--- Page 154 ---
151 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status 
of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
13. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to the UK Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the UK Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 155 ---
152 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ArcelorMittal 
24-26, boulevard d’Avranches 
L-1160 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of Montreal, London 
Branch 
95 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4HG 
United Kingdom 
Bank of Montreal Europe 
PLC 
6th floor, 2 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052  
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
France  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane, 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
24 Avenue Marnix  
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium I 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NATIXIS 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 
94Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France

--- Page 156 ---
153 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Main Tower 18th Floor 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 60311 Frankfurt am 
Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT and PAYING AGENT  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
12, rue de Tilsitt 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law: 
Elvinger Hoss Prussen 
Société anonyme 
2, Place Winston Churchill 
L-2014 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte Audit S.à r.l. 
20, boulevard de Kockelscheuer 
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg