--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 
 
 
 
1 
 
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg having its registered office 
at 24-26 boulevard d’Avranches, L-1160 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg under number B82.454) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(wholesale programme) 
_________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”), as a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the notes (“Notes”) issued under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve (12) months after 
the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of ArcelorMittal (“ArcelorMittal”, the “Issuer” or the “Company”) nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic or financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in such Notes.  Application has been made for the Notes, during the period of twelve (12) months after 
the date hereof, to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
(a “Regulated Market”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“EU MiFID II”) and published on the list of the regulated markets in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid until 15 December 2024, 12 months after the date of approval by the CSSF, 
provided that it is completed until such date by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. In the case of any Notes which are to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
herein) in respect of such offering, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if any) may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined herein). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of 
Notes (as defined herein) will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and/or (ii) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered or certified under 
the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. The list of registered rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) will appear on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In general, EEA 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such a credit rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. This general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless an exception applies, including the relevant credit ratings having been endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency. Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk 
Factors” below. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
CIC Market Solutions 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan  
Mizuho 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets  
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
BBVA 
BNP Paribas 
BMO Capital Markets 
Commerzbank 
Goldman Sachs International  
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
NATIXIS 
Rabobank  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit 
 
 
Date: 15 December 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................... 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 56 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................. 66 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 71 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 120 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 121 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 143 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................ 144 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 145 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 146 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 152 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and for the 
Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”). This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements 
hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Issuer, 
the Programme or the Notes, other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, 
if given or made, any such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers (as defined herein) nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any 
part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any

--- Page 4 ---
2 
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. Any investor purchasing the Notes under this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is solely 
responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes it purchased under this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), 
and Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €10,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a 
Member State of the EEA, references to “$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars and 
references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 5 ---
3 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons 
to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and any invitation, 
offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with 
Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of 
its contents.  
For a more complete description of certain restrictions on offering and sale of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Copies of this document will be available free of charge during normal business hours on any week day (except 
public holidays) at the offices of the Issuer. 
This 
document 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/investors/fixed-income-investors/emtn-programme and the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements based on estimates and assumptions. Forward-
looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the business, future financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of ArcelorMittal, including its subsidiaries. These statements usually 
contain the words “believes”, “plans”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “estimates” or other similar 
expressions. For each of these statements, you should be aware that forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in these forward-
looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated will 
be realised or, even if realised, that they will have the expected effects on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects of ArcelorMittal.  
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made, and no 
obligation has been undertaken to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this

--- Page 6 ---
4 
prospectus or elsewhere as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by 
applicable laws and regulations.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“EU MiFID II”), or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors (as defined above) in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product Governance under EU MiFID II  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the

--- Page 7 ---
5 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Singapore - Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”).  
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) 
and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Condition, the relevant Final Terms.  
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. It does not purport to be complete and is 
not intended to constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of the article 7 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section “Terms and Conditions” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this summary. 
I. 
KEY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Issuer: 
ArcelorMittal having its registered office at 24-26 boulevard 
d’Avranches, L-1160 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg under number B 82.454.  
LEI : 2EULGUTUI56JI9SAL165 
The website of the Issuer is https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/. The 
information on such website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus, unless that information has been incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Bank of Montreal Europe PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Industriel et 
Commercial S.A., Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank 
N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, SMBC Bank EU AG, Société 
Générale, UniCredit Bank GmbH and any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent:  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve (12) months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the

--- Page 9 ---
7 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. Notes of a given Series will 
have identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”).  
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global 
Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global 
Note” or “NGN”) will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment 
of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons.

--- Page 10 ---
8 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully-paid or partly-paid basis 
and at an issue-price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over-par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price and 
amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity greater than twelve (12) months or no fixed maturity 
date, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent a Call Option or Put Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Clean-up Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, in the event that at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by 
the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, provided that those Notes that are no longer 
outstanding have not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer. 
Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 to 
the Noteholders, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for

--- Page 11 ---
9 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date, provided that those Notes that are no longer 
outstanding have not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer. 
Redemption 
on 
Put 
Restructuring 
Event 
or 
Change of Control: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Noteholders in the event of a Put Restructuring Event  if specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms as described in Condition 
9(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event) or a Change of Control 
as described in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Offer to 
Purchase upon a Change of Control). 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons).  
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements provided 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).   
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of events of default and a cross 
default provision as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments, fees 
or other governmental charges of Luxembourg save as required by 
law. If any such withholding or deduction is so required, the Issuer 
will (subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
such withholding been required. 
Governing Law of the Notes: 
English law.

--- Page 12 ---
10 
Enforcement 
of 
Notes 
in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, Noteholders’ rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 15 December 2023, a 
copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Republic of Italy, 
France, Singapore, Canada and Switzerland, see “Subscription and 
Sale” below.

--- Page 13 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS  
Prior to investing in any Notes issued under the Programme, potential investors should take into account, 
together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, the risk factors described below. Other 
considerations, including some which may not be presently known to the Issuer, or which the Issuer currently 
deems immaterial, may impact any investment in the Notes. In addition, the value of the relevant Series of 
Notes could decline due to any of these risks, and prospective investors may lose some or all of their 
investment.   
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, 
among other things, the risk factors set out below.  
ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or prospects could be materially 
adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. 
Risks Related to ArcelorMittal  
I. Risks related to the global economy and the mining and steel industry 
Prolonged low steel and (to a lesser extent) iron ore prices and/or low steel demand would have an adverse 
effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations. 
As an integrated producer of steel and iron ore, ArcelorMittal’s results of operations are sensitive to the market 
prices of, and demand for, steel and iron ore in its markets and globally. The impact of market steel prices on 
its results is direct while the impact of market iron ore prices is both direct and indirect, as ArcelorMittal sells 
iron ore on the market to third parties (in which case it benefits from higher iron ore market prices), and 
indirect, as iron ore is a principal raw material used in steel production and fluctuations in its market price are 
typically and eventually (with the timing dependent on steel market conditions) passed through to steel prices 
(with any lags in passing on higher prices “squeezing” steel margins, as discussed below). Steel and iron ore 
prices are affected by supply and demand trends and inventory cycles. In terms of demand, steel and iron ore 
prices are sensitive to trends in cyclical industries, such as the automotive, construction, appliance, machinery, 
equipment and transportation industries, which are significant markets for ArcelorMittal’s products (with 
automotive being particularly significant). More generally, steel and iron ore prices are sensitive to 
macroeconomic fluctuations in the global economy which are impacted by many factors ranging from trade 
and geopolitical tensions to global and regional monetary policy to specific disruptive events such as 
pandemics, wars and natural disasters. In the past, substantial price decreases during periods of economic 
weakness have not always been offset by commensurate price increases during periods of economic strength. 
In addition, as further discussed below, excess supply relative to demand for steel in local markets generally 
results in increased exports and drives down regional or global prices. In terms of inventory, steel stocking 
and destocking cycles affect apparent demand for steel and hence steel prices and steel producers’ profitability. 
For example, steel distributors may accumulate substantial steel inventories in periods of low prices and, in 
periods of rising real demand for steel from end-users, steel distributors may sell steel from inventory 
(destock), thereby delaying the effective implementation of steel price increases. Conversely, steel price 
decreases can sometimes develop their own momentum, as customers adopt a “wait and see” attitude and 
destock in the expectation of further price decreases.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
As a result of these factors, steel and iron ore prices fluctuate substantially and have come under pressure at 
various points in recent periods. In 2019, steel market conditions deteriorated significantly due to a decline in 
steel prices (lower demand in Europe and the U.S., higher imports in Europe and additional domestic supply 
and the effect of customer destocking in the U.S.) and higher raw material costs (particularly in iron ore due 
to supply-side developments), resulting in a negative price-cost effect. This led to substantial inventory-related 
and impairment charges and hence sharply lower steel segment operating income in 2019. Steel market 
conditions were adversely affected in the first half of 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic 
ramifications, with demand plummeting (e.g., an 18.4% year-on-year drop in EU apparent steel consumption 
(“ASC”) and a 34.7% drop in overall steel shipments in the second quarter versus the same quarter in the prior 
year) and prices falling substantially. After a strong rebound starting in the second half of 2020 and continuing 
into the third quarter of 2021, steel prices began to decline from very high levels in the fourth quarter of 2021, 
in varying degrees by market, in particular, due to softer end-market demand conditions (e.g., supply chain 
issues affecting automobile production and weakness in the Chinese real estate market, both major consumers 
of steel). Steel prices in 2022 were highly volatile, coming off their peak in the early stages of the first quarter 
then spiking in the latter part of the first quarter following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and then falling as 
fears of a global slowdown emerged and customers sought to destock, due in particular to uncertainties about 
the duration of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, its consequences on energy supply and, more generally, high 
inflation (including of energy prices), monetary tightening and continuing supply chain issues. Prices increased 
slightly in the first half of 2023 but then declined steadily through the third quarter of 2023, negatively affecting 
ArcelorMittal’s sales and operating income in the third quarter of 2023. 
The trajectory of steel demand and prices going forward, in particular in 2024, is difficult to predict due to 
such variables as the duration of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas conflict and the risk of 
additional conflicts in the region, related risks on global energy supply and hence on industrial production and 
consequentially demand for steel, import volumes (in particular from China given trends in domestic supply 
and demand) and tariff levels and inventories. In addition, macroeconomic conditions are fragile and uncertain, 
including due to geopolitical developments, particularly Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas 
conflict, and actions taken by central banks to combat inflation (in particular raising interest rates sharply in 
2022 and 2023 and possible continued raises or likely maintenance of rates at high levels over the course of 
2024), which weigh on growth and may increase the risk of recession. Any economic downturn globally or in 
certain regions may result in lower steel demand and lower steel and iron ore prices. A scenario of prolonged 
low steel and (to a lesser extent or if simultaneous) iron ore prices, whether or not combined with low steel 
demand, would have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations and financial condition. 
More specifically in terms of near to mid-term risks for the Company in this respect, the fall in international 
spot steel prices in 2022 and 2023 has stemmed from a broader trend in slowing steel demand. As inflation 
continues and central banks raise interest rates in an attempt to curb it, the risk of a global recession has 
continued to grow. Significant energy supply and cost issues in Europe increase the risk of manufacturers 
being unable to operate at full capacity, potentially lowering demand for steel and straining steel prices. Many 
steel customers began to destock and adopt a “wait and see” approach in the summer of 2022, and steel 
conditions, particularly in Europe, were subject to continuous deterioration. The fragility of the Chinese 
economy, which suffered from the negative effects of repeated strict lockdowns that ran until December 2022 
and more recently from a weak real estate sector, slowing economic growth, accelerating deflation and general 
uncertainty also add to risks of a global slowdown and lower global steel demand and prices. Prior recessions 
have generally resulted in lower steel demand and steel prices, with consequential material adverse impacts 
on steel companies’ results. Any significant decline in steel prices also increases the risk of inventory-related 
charges, such as those that ArcelorMittal recorded in 2019 and 2022. In addition, the impact of lower steel

--- Page 15 ---
13 
prices on ArcelorMittal’s results is subject to a lag effect (due to its contracts), and therefore the impact is felt 
beyond the duration of any decline in spot steel prices. 
Volatility in the supply and prices of raw materials, energy and transportation, and volatility in steel prices 
or mismatches between steel prices and raw material prices could adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s results 
of operations. 
As a producer and seller of steel, the Company is directly exposed to fluctuations in the market price for steel, 
iron ore, coking coal and other raw materials, energy and transportation. In particular, steel production 
consumes substantial amounts of raw materials including iron ore, coking coal and coke, and the production 
of direct reduced iron, the production of steel in electric arc furnaces (“EAF”) and the re-heating of steel 
involve the use of significant amounts of energy, making steel companies dependent on the price of and their 
reliable access to supplies of raw materials and energy. In the fourth quarter of 2021 and throughout 2022, the 
Company became subject to increasing inflationary cost pressures, in particular with the prices of electricity, 
natural gas and CO2 all increasing significantly, putting pressure on steel price spreads in an initially high 
steel price environment and then deflationary steel price environment, resulting in a compression of steel 
spreads, which started in the second quarter of 2022. As a result of this pressure and the decrease in demand, 
the Company reduced or ceased production at certain plants, in particular in Europe, including measures to cut 
higher cost capacity and reduce European gas consumption. While there has been some easing of energy costs 
since the fourth quarter of 2022 and the Company began gradually resuming capacity in certain locations in 
early 2023, the Company has continued to face compression of spreads in 2023 as steel prices declined in the 
third quarter, and the pace of the decline in steel prices has been greater than the reduction in the raw material 
basket. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company again cut production at certain sites in Europe. 
Although ArcelorMittal has substantial sources of iron ore from its own mines (the Company’s self- 
sufficiency rate was 61% for iron ore in 2022), it nevertheless remains exposed to volatility in the supply and 
price of iron ore and coking coal given that it obtains a significant portion of such raw materials under supply 
contracts from third parties. For additional details on ArcelorMittal’s raw materials supply and self-
sufficiency, see “Business overview—Products—Mining products” and “Business overview—Products—
Other raw materials and energy” in the 2022 Form 20-F. The prices of steel, iron ore, coking coal and scrap 
have been highly volatile in recent years and in 2022 in particular. Volatility in steel and raw material prices 
can result from many factors including: trends in demand for iron ore in the steel industry itself, and 
particularly from Chinese steel producers (as the largest group of producers); industry structural factors 
(including the oligopolistic nature of the seaborne iron ore industry and the fragmented nature of the steel 
industry); the expectation or imposition of corrective trade measures such as tariffs; massive stocking and 
destocking activities (sudden drops in prices can lead end-users to delay orders pushing prices down further); 
speculation; new laws or regulations; changes in the supply of iron ore, in particular due to new mines coming 
into operation; business continuity of suppliers; changes in pricing models or contract arrangements; expansion 
projects of suppliers; worldwide production, including interruptions thereof by suppliers; capacity-utilisation 
rates; accidents or disruptions at suppliers’ premises or along the supply chain as occurred in 2019, 2021, 2022 
and 2023; wars, natural disasters, public health epidemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic which 
substantially depressed demand for steel for an extended period in 2020), political disruption and other similar 
events; fluctuations in exchange rates; the bargaining power of raw material suppliers and the availability and 
cost of transportation. Industry and overall decarbonisation efforts may also result in increased and/or volatile 
prices, in particular, higher energy and CO2 prices as well as scrap prices (due in particular to an industry shift 
to EAF production). For further information on the movement of raw material prices in recent years and in 
2022, see “Operating and financial review—Key factors affecting results of operations—Raw materials” in 
the 2022 Form 20-F, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

--- Page 16 ---
14 
Operations for the six months ended June 30, 2023—Key factors affecting results of operations—Raw 
materials” in the 2023 HY Report and “Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the 9 November 2023 PR. 
Furthermore, while steel and raw material (in particular iron ore and coking coal) price trends have historically 
been correlated, a lack of correlation or an abnormal lag in the corollary relationship between raw material and 
steel prices also occurs regularly, resulting in a “price-cost effect” in the steel industry. ArcelorMittal has 
experienced negative price-cost effects (or “squeezes”) at various points in recent years, including in 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, and will likely continue to do so as this is a structural feature. In some of 
ArcelorMittal’s segments, in particular Europe and NAFTA, there is a lag of several months between raw 
material purchases and sales of steel products incorporating those materials, rendering them particularly 
susceptible to price-cost effects. For example, coking coal sourced from Australia takes several weeks to reach 
Europe (e.g. approximately four weeks sailing time, plus loading/unloading time at ports), creating a structural 
lag. Sudden spikes in raw materials, such as coking coal, have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. 
Because ArcelorMittal sources a substantial portion of its raw materials through long-term contracts with 
quarterly (or more frequent) formula-based or negotiated price adjustments and as a steel producer sells a 
substantial part of its steel products at spot prices, it faces the risk of adverse differentials between its own 
production costs, which are affected by global raw materials and scrap prices, on the one hand, and trends for 
steel prices in regional markets, on the other hand. The price-cost dynamic in the most recent periods can be 
summarised as follows: in 2020, the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions on steel demand 
led to lower spreads as steel prices declined, in particular in the second quarter of 2020. Prices remained low 
in the third quarter of 2020 (due in part to price lag), while raw material costs, especially iron ore, remained 
broadly stable, underpinned by the strong rebound in Chinese demand, resulting in a price-cost squeeze. In the 
fourth quarter of 2020, with the recovery of steel demand in the world (excluding China), there was a recovery 
in steel and iron ore prices, while prices for coking coal decreased and remained stable throughout the fourth 
quarter of 2020 due to the Chinese ban on Australian coals. The significant increase in steel prices in the fourth 
quarter of 2020 resulted in a multi-year high in steel spreads (which was not fully reflected in the Company’s 
performance due to lag effect). This trend continued through the third quarter of 2021 before prices came off 
their highest levels in the fourth quarter of 2021, while high raw material and energy costs put increasing 
pressure on margins. The trend then shifted in the second half of 2022, as energy costs continued to increase 
while steel prices declined. Negative price-cost effects continued in the third quarter of 2023, as the pace of 
the decline in steel prices has been greater than the reduction in the raw material basket. More generally and 
in sum, the relationship between input (and in particular raw material) costs and steel selling prices and the 
time lag between them structurally subjects the profitability of steel manufacturers in general and 
ArcelorMittal in particular to the risk of a negative price-cost effect. 
ArcelorMittal’s other principal input costs that affect its level of profitability are energy and transportation. 
Energy expenses are sensitive to changes in electricity, energy transportation and fuel prices, including diesel 
fuel, natural gas and industrial gas. Prices for electricity, natural gas and fuel oils can fluctuate widely with 
availability and demand levels from other users, including fluctuations caused by the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic. During periods of peak usage, although some operations have contractual arrangements in place 
whereby they receive certain offsetting payments in exchange for electricity load reduction, supplies of energy 
in general may be curtailed and the Company may not be able to purchase them at historical rates. A disruption 
in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure, or the termination of any of the 
Group’s energy supply contracts could interrupt energy supply and adversely affect operations. While the 
Group has some long-term contracts with electrical, natural gas and industrial gas suppliers, it is exposed to 
fluctuations in energy, natural gas and industrial gas costs that can affect its production costs. Energy prices 
rose substantially in various markets in 2021 and 2022, with attendant impacts on margins and in extreme

--- Page 17 ---
15 
cases production at certain sites in Europe (e.g., the Company curtailed production at some of its Spanish 
plants during “peak hours” due to high electricity prices). Europe experienced an energy crisis in 2022, due to 
the consequences of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as well as other supply issues. While the Company generally 
hedges its energy costs on a six-month rolling basis, its results were impacted by the high energy prices. The 
energy crisis involved significant supply risk, with gas supplies through the Nord Stream pipeline having been 
reduced to 20% of maximum capacity as of 26 July 2022 and gas supplies being suspended periodically for 
other reasons, including “maintenance” and invoicing disputes and explosions in September 2022. In 2023, 
the Israel-Hamas conflict and the risk of contagion in the region also contributed to the risk of global and 
regional energy supply and price issues. Significant cuts in energy supplies or a collapse in demand due to 
supply issues or otherwise may result in the Company having to cut production regionally or globally. 
Indirectly, if steel-using customers are unable to source the energy supplies needed for their operations, they 
will be unable to operate and their demand for steel will decline. 
Transportation costs include shipping, road and rail. These costs, and in particular shipping, also rose 
substantially in 2021 due to the post-lockdown demand recovery and logistic constraints, but then declined 
again in 2022 as economies normalised. Any increase in or a sustained high level of transportation costs not 
offset by continued high steel selling prices would directly and mechanically weigh on ArcelorMittal’s 
profitability (although it would make imports into its markets less competitive). In light of reduced global steel 
production, the outlook on freight rates in the near future is to a large degree dependent on developments in 
China. If China cannot significantly raise infrastructure spending in the near future, economic recovery is 
likely to be stunted, further impacting iron ore demand, and by extension freight rates on key iron ore routes. 
Excess capacity and oversupply in the steel industry and in the iron ore mining industry have in the past 
and may continue in the future to weigh on the profitability of steel producers, including ArcelorMittal. 
The steel industry is affected by global and regional production capacity and fluctuations in steel imports and 
exports, which are themselves affected by the existence and amounts of tariffs and customer and distributor 
stocking and destocking cycles. The steel industry has historically suffered from structural overcapacity 
globally, and the current global steelmaking capacity exceeds the current global consumption of steel, 
especially for long products. This overcapacity is affected by global macroeconomic trends and amplified 
during periods of global or regional economic weakness, leading to weaker global or regional demand. In 
particular, China is both the largest global steel consumer and the largest global steel producer by a large 
margin, and the balance between its domestic production and consumption has been an important factor 
influencing global steel prices. At various points in recent years, reduced Chinese steel demand has not been 
fully offset by reduced Chinese steel production, which has led to a flood of Chinese steel exports into various 
regional markets, including the Company’s principal markets again weighing on demand, and indeed 
depressing market prices. While most recently constraints imposed on Chinese steel production have tempered 
the risk of excess production, such risk remains, along with the risk of increased exports, in particular if there 
is a global recession or a Chinese slowdown. Indeed in 2022, the slowdown in the real estate sector caused 
Chinese domestic demand to weaken and pushed up Chinese net exports from around 3.5 million tonnes per 
month from January to April 2022 to 6.5 million tonnes per month from May to July 2022, before falling back 
to 4.7 million tonnes per month for the rest of 2022 as demand globally weakened. Exports by steel producers 
in other developing countries and regions (such as the CIS, Turkey and India) into the Company’s principal 
markets are also a market feature. The extent of them depends on the demand/production balance in the 
producer’s home market as well as regional market pricing differentials (including any applicable import 
tariffs). The European steel market is particularly sensitive to the import threat due to remaining structural 
overcapacity. For example, lower demand and high imports led to low steel prices in Europe in the first half 
of 2019, to which steel producers (including the Company) responded with production cuts. In addition, the

--- Page 18 ---
16 
Company cut certain high cost capacity in the second half of 2022, due in particular to high energy and carbon 
costs and lower steel prices, as apparent demand fell sharply since end users cut inventory levels and 
underlying real demand weakened. In 2023, demand has continued to decline in Europe and the Company has 
cut capacity in the fourth quarter as a result. 
Market prices for iron ore also underpin those of steel (as its principal input component) to some extent, and 
iron ore prices depend both on supply and demand conditions. Excess iron ore supply relative to demand has 
led to depressed prices at various points in recent years and could recur, with potentially a corollary effect on 
steel prices. No assurance can be given that iron ore prices will not decline further, particularly if there is a 
global recession, Chinese steel demand declines, worldwide capacity increases due to new mines coming 
online or steel demand declines again due, for example, to impacts from a resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic 
or other health crises, or negative effects from the continuing Russia/Ukraine conflict, the Israel-Hamas 
conflict or other regional conflicts, in particular on energy supply and prices. A renewed phase of steel and 
iron ore oversupply would likely have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Unfair trade practices, import tariffs and/or barriers to free trade could negatively affect steel prices and 
ArcelorMittal’s results of operations in various markets. 
ArcelorMittal is exposed to the effects of “dumping” and other unfair trade and pricing practices by 
competitors. Moreover, government subsidies to the steel industry remain widespread in certain countries, 
particularly those with centrally controlled economies such as China. In periods of lower global demand for 
steel, there is an increased risk of additional volumes of unfairly-traded steel exports into various markets, 
including Europe, North America and other markets such as Brazil and South Africa, in which ArcelorMittal 
produces and sells its products. Such imports have had and could in the future have the effect of reducing 
prices and demand for ArcelorMittal’s products. 
Exports of low-cost steel products from developing countries, along with a lack of effective remedial trade 
policies, can depress steel prices in various markets globally, including in ArcelorMittal’s key markets. 
Conversely, ArcelorMittal is exposed to the effects of import tariffs, other trade barriers and protectionist 
policies more generally due to the global nature of its operations. Various countries have instituted, and may 
institute import tariffs and barriers that could, depending on the nature of the measures adopted, adversely 
affect ArcelorMittal’s business by limiting the Company’s access to or competitiveness in steel markets. While 
such protectionist measures can help the producers in the adopting country, they may be ineffective, raise the 
risk of exports being directed to markets where no such measures are in place or are less effective and/or result 
in retaliatory measures. Moreover, absent government intervention, European steel producers who will bear 
increasingly high costs to reduce carbon emissions (or pay for allowances) will be at a competitive 
disadvantage versus importers from developing countries with lower environmental standards. While certain 
changes in Chinese policy have recently led to decreased exports from China (notably the cancellation of the 
13% export tax rebate on commodity grades of steel (HRC, rebar as of 1 May 2021)), the risk of increased 
exports from China remains, due to changes in Chinese policy, economic conditions or otherwise. For example, 
the sharp reduction in underlying real demand in China, coupled by a smaller reduction in steel production, 
led a push for exports, causing Chinese net steel exports to rise sharply in May and June 2022 to almost 7 
million tonnes, up from an average of approximately 3.5 million tonnes during January to April 2022. Chinese 
exports have increased in 2023 due to low steel prices and local demand conditions. A significant increase of 
Chinese exports, if continued, will likely lead to rising inventory levels in steel markets outside of China and 
downward pressure on prices and spreads, negatively affecting the Company’s profitability.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
More generally, the current state of trade relations globally with trade disputes leading to the imposition of 
tariffs and then retaliatory measures, as seen in recent years in various markets (U.S./China, U.S./Europe, etc.) 
has and could continue to directly (in the case of tariffs) or indirectly (in the case of economic growth 
generally) have a significant adverse effect on demand for and the price of steel and hence on ArcelorMittal’s 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, international reaction to it (in particular in the form of sanctions) and any 
regional or global escalation of the conflict, could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Company has significant operations in Ukraine, consisting of a steel plant, which produced 1.2 million 
tonnes of steel in 2022 compared to 4.9 million tonnes in 2021, and (captive) mines that produced 4.9 million 
tonnes of iron ore in 2022 compared to 11.7 million tonnes of iron ore in 2021; the related property, plant and 
equipment had a carrying value of $0.6 billion on the Company’s balance sheet at 31 December 2022. In 2022, 
the Company’s Ukrainian operations (and in particular its Kryvyi Rih steel plant) recorded 1.1 million of steel 
shipments, compared to 4.6 million in 2021, generating $0.4 billion of sales compared to $4.1 billion of sales 
in 2021. In the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022, the Company reduced steel 
production to minimum levels (approximately one-third of its normal production levels) and discontinued 
mining operations at its underground mines. Blast furnace No.6 (approximately 20% of Kryvyi Rih capacity) 
restarted on 11 April 2022 (to resume low levels of pig iron production). Iron ore production was 
approximately at 55% of capacity during the first half of 2022 but was then temporarily suspended in the third 
quarter of 2022 due to weak demand and logistics constraints, and was then restarted at approximately 25% 
capacity in early 2023 where it currently remains. The Company cannot predict the duration of the idling or of 
lower production as it will depend on the remaining course of the conflict and the establishment of safe and 
stable operating and logistical conditions thereafter, as well as potential repairs of any damages sustained. 
While the Russian army has not seized the city of Kryvyi Rih, it could still seek to do so and it continues to 
use rockets that may affect the Company’s operations. Although key production assets had not been seriously 
damaged as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the building of the rolling shop #2 finished goods warehouse 
was partially destroyed as a result of a missile strike at the plant premises on December 5, 2022. The Russian 
army has also blocked ports in Odessa, complicating and increasing the cost of exports (including steel and 
iron ore) from Ukraine. The ongoing conflict, its impact on demand, logistics (with respect to both supply and 
delivery) and costs and any resulting further reduced production, sales and income at its Ukrainian operations 
caused the Company to record a $1.0 billion impairment charge in 2022 with respect to such operations. For 
further information on these risks, see notes 1.2 and 5.3 to the to the 2022 Financial Statements. 
The imposition of extensive sanctions on Russia by the EU, the U.S., the UK and other countries could affect 
the Company’s sourcing of raw materials from sanctioned countries. More generally, any business conducted 
in Russia and with Russian counterparties carries the risk of non-compliance with economic sanctions (and the 
attendant financial and reputational adverse consequences), despite best efforts to comply. More generally the 
conflict could have a further material adverse effect on the overall macroeconomic environment. The impact 
on energy supplies in Europe in particular has been significant and increases the risk of a recession in Europe. 
Both the conflict itself and the sanctions imposed (and further sanctions that may be imposed), as well as 
potential Russian reactions, have had and could have further destabilising effects on financial markets. The 
conflict, which has substantially exacerbated tensions between NATO and Russia, could escalate militarily 
both regionally and globally; any substantial escalation would have a material adverse effect on 
macroeconomic conditions. In addition, sanctions may remain in place beyond the duration of any military 
conflict and have a long-lasting impact on the region and globally, and could adversely impact the Group’s 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 20 ---
18 
Developments in the competitive environment in the steel industry could have an adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s competitive position and hence its business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. 
The markets in which steel companies operate are highly competitive. Competition, in the form of established 
producers expanding in new markets, smaller producers increasing production in anticipation of demand 
increases or amid recoveries, or exporters selling excess capacity from markets such as China, could cause 
ArcelorMittal to lose market share, increase expenditures or reduce pricing. For example, if low-cost regional 
competitors in the CIS with 100% self-sufficiency in raw materials increase steel rolling capacity, 
ArcelorMittal’s market share may be affected, and downward pressure applied to globally traded steel prices. 
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects. 
Competition from other materials and alternative steel-based technologies could reduce market prices and 
demand for steel products and thereby reduce ArcelorMittal’s cash flows and profitability. 
In many applications, steel competes with other materials that may be used as substitutes, such as aluminium, 
concrete, composites, glass, plastic and wood. In particular, as a result of increasingly stringent regulatory 
requirements, as well as developments in alternative materials, designers, engineers and industrial 
manufacturers, especially those in the automotive industry have increased their use of lighter weight and 
alternative materials, such as aluminium and plastics in their products. 
In the automotive area, ArcelorMittal has introduced new advanced high-strength steel products, such as 
Usibor® 2000, Ductibor® 1000 and Fortiform® which is a new range of third generation advanced high 
strength steel for cold stamping, new engineering S-in motion® projects and a dedicated electric iCARe® 
range to respond to the shift toward electric cars. New martensitic products also offer a major potential for 
battery packs and the Multi Part Integration concept brings the possibility to drastically reduce the number of 
parts in a car. In the construction area, ArcelorMittal is deploying Steligence®, a unique holistic commercial 
approach with a complete set of products, services and solutions. See “Business overview—Research and 
development” in the 2022 Form 20-F. Despite these product innovations, a loss of market share to substitute 
materials, increased government regulatory initiatives favouring the use of alternative materials, as well as the 
development of additional new substitutes for steel products could significantly reduce market prices and 
demand for steel products and thereby reduce ArcelorMittal’s cash flows and profitability. 
While in 2020, the Company started to offer its customers equivalent green steel tons by way of a certification 
system linked to CO2 savings, achieved through investment in decarbonisation technologies (a trend which 
continued in 2021, 2022 and 2023), additive manufacturing or new technologies such as carbon free 
steelmaking could result in a loss of market share if competitors develop and deploy this kind of technology 
before, or more effectively than, ArcelorMittal. In addition, to the extent regulatory requirements and/or 
customer demand for low carbon or carbon neutral steel increase, competition with respect to low CO2 steel 
technologies may become more significant, leading to substantial input cost increases. 
II. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s operations 
ArcelorMittal’s level of profitability and cash flow currently is and, depending on market and operating 
conditions, may in the future be, substantially affected by its ability to reduce costs and improve operating 
efficiency.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
The steel industry has historically been cyclical, periodically experiencing difficult operating conditions. In 
light of this, ArcelorMittal has historically and increasingly in recent periods, taken initiatives to reduce its 
costs and increase its operating efficiency including through various asset optimisation and other programs. In 
2022, the Company announced a new 3-year $1.5 billion value plan focused on creating value through 
commercial initiatives, including volume/mix improvements and operational improvements (primarily in 
variable costs). Several actions were taken in 2022 which yielded improvement of $0.4 billion (approximately 
one quarter of the plan). These initiatives have been key to the Company’s ability to control and reduce costs, 
in particularly difficult market conditions, hence supporting profitability. Any inability to continue to roll-out 
such initiatives and to implement them fully could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
profitability and cash flows. 
The Group’s carbon emissions intensity reduction targets are based on current assumptions with respect to 
the costs, government and societal support for the reduction of carbon emissions in particular regions and 
the advancement of technology and infrastructure related to the reduction of carbon emissions over time. 
Future developments may affect such assumptions, and this may render the achievement of ArcelorMittal’s 
targets more difficult, or even impossible, to achieve for cost or other reasons. 
To achieve its 2030 global carbon emissions intensity reduction target of 25% covering the Scope 1 and 2 
emissions attributable to the Company’s operations measured in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas 
(“GHG”) Protocol, ArcelorMittal has estimated the gross capital cost required to be approximately $10 billion, 
with the expectation that 35% of these capital expenditures will be deployed up to 2025 and the remainder in 
the second part of the decade. In addition, the Company’s decarbonisation strategy includes the objective of 
carbon neutrality by 2050; since 2021, this has also been a legal obligation for its operations in the EU and 
Canada following the endorsement of Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 30 June 2021 (the “European Climate Law”) and the Canadian Net-Zero Emissions 
Accountability Act, respectively. These targets and estimates are based on numerous assumptions, including 
the costs of green hydrogen (meaning hydrogen produced exclusively from renewable sources) and its 
evolution over time, the construction of DRI and EAF facilities, the development of carbon capture, utilisation 
and storage (“CCUS”) infrastructure and the timing of the introduction of GHG reduction requirements and 
supportive policies in applicable jurisdictions. The Company expects that low emissions technologies will 
become more competitive over time as more stringent GHG reduction requirements and/or carbon prices are 
introduced and increased in each jurisdiction, alongside the introduction of effective policies to secure a level 
playing field, and the decarbonisation technologies themselves become more mature and efficient. However, 
in the transition period (and through at least 2030), its investments in decarbonisation will require support 
from host countries, first and foremost from the European Union and its member states, through supportive 
policies designed to avoid “carbon leakage” and provide compensation for the significantly higher costs, while 
at the same time maintaining a fair and competitive landscape. In particular, ArcelorMittal’s expectation is 
that public funding covers 50% of the total cost of decarbonisation (capital expenditures and higher operating 
expenses) so that companies are not rendered uncompetitive during this transition period. The Company 
believes this expectation is reasonable, but such funding is subject to changes in government and policy, among 
other factors, and may not be achieved. A lack of governmental and societal support could make the 
Company’s targets more costly, more difficult or even impossible to achieve. If the Company is unable to 
make the necessary investments to decarbonise and reach its 2030 decarbonisation targets due to the design of 
governmental policy in Europe or other jurisdictions where it operates (see “Changes in assumptions 
underlying the carrying value of certain assets, including as a result of adverse market conditions, could result 
in the impairment of such assets, including intangible assets such as goodwill” below), it may negatively affect 
its competitiveness, profitability, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, as well as harm its

--- Page 22 ---
20 
reputation. In addition, in April 2021, ArcelorMittal’s revolving credit facility was amended so that the margin 
payable will be increased or decreased depending on the Company’s performance against two metrics 
measured annually against pre-defined targets with respect to its environmental and sustainability performance 
(CO2e intensity of the Company’s European operations and the number of facilities which have been certified 
by ResponsibleSteel™). 
ArcelorMittal has incurred and may incur in the future operating costs when production capacity is idled 
or increased costs to resume production at idled facilities. 
ArcelorMittal’s decisions about which facilities to operate and at which levels are made based upon customers’ 
orders for products as well as the capabilities and cost performance of the Company’s facilities. 
Considering temporary or structural overcapacity or other considerations, production operations are 
concentrated at several plant locations and certain facilities are idled in response to customer demand, although 
operating costs are still incurred at such idled facilities. Most recently ArcelorMittal idled several plants during 
the COVID-19 pandemic-related lockdowns and its Ukrainian steel plant following the Russian invasion (and 
is currently operating only one of three blast furnaces in Ukraine). Four out of six coke batteries have been hot 
idled. While steps have been taken to protect these assets, idling can impact their long term health. In addition, 
ArcelorMittal idled certain sites in France, Germany, Spain and Poland in the fourth quarter of 2022, due to 
weaker macroeconomic conditions and order book, high energy and carbon costs and rising imports. In the 
fourth quarter of 2023, ArcelorMittal responded to weaker demand in Europe with production cuts including 
blast furnace 1 at Fos (France) and planned maintenance, including the reline of blast furnace #A at Gent 
(Belgium) and blast furnace #3 at Bremen (Germany). The risk of the Company needing to idle facilities due 
to the ongoing conflict, energy costs and supply issues, logistics issues and any significant changes in steel 
demand due to the conflict, recession or otherwise, remains high. When idled facilities are restarted, 
ArcelorMittal incurs costs to replenish raw material inventories, prepare the previously idled facilities for 
operation, perform the required repair and maintenance activities and prepare employees to return to work 
safely and resume production responsibilities. Such costs could have an adverse effect on its results of 
operations or financial condition. 
ArcelorMittal could experience labour disputes that may disrupt its operations and its relationships with its 
customers and its ability to rationalise operations and reduce labour costs in certain markets may be limited 
in practice or encounter implementation difficulties. 
A majority of the employees of ArcelorMittal and of its contractors are represented by labour unions and are 
covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. Strikes or 
work stoppages could occur prior to, or during, negotiations preceding new collective bargaining agreements, 
during wage and benefits negotiations or during other periods for other reasons, in particular in connection 
with any announced intentions to adapt the footprint. ArcelorMittal may experience strikes and work stoppages 
at various facilities. Prolonged strikes or work stoppages could have an adverse effect on the operations and 
financial results of ArcelorMittal. In recent years ArcelorMittal has experienced significant strikes affecting 
operations at various plants, particularly in Mexico, South Africa, France, Spain and Canada, relating to 
various causes, often in connection with labour contract renewal negotiations or claims for salary increases 
because of rising inflation. 
Disruptions to ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing processes and mining operations caused for example by 
equipment failures, natural disasters, accidents, epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical conflicts or extreme

--- Page 23 ---
21 
weather events could adversely affect its operations, customer service levels and financial results and 
liabilities. 
Steel manufacturing processes are dependent on critical steel-making equipment, such as furnaces, continuous 
casters, rolling mills and electrical equipment (such as transformers), and such equipment may incur downtime 
as a result of unanticipated failures or other events, such as fires, explosions, furnace breakdowns or as a result 
of natural disasters, accidents, epidemics or pandemics or severe weather conditions. ArcelorMittal’s 
manufacturing plants and mines have experienced, and may in the future experience, plant shutdowns or 
periods of reduced production as a result of such events, for example the collapse of the oxygen and nitrogen 
pipelines in November 2018 at ArcelorMittal Temirtau, the fire in a conveyor belt of the coke plant in 
ArcelorMittal Asturias in October 2018, an electrical failure resulting in the temporary stoppage of the 
concentrator at AMMC in 2019, a fire in the gas cleaning section of the coke plant in Dunkirk in 2020, a blast 
furnace gas line explosion in Vanderbiljpark in 2020 in South Africa, an explosion in the Abayskaya mine in 
Kazakhstan in November 2021, a roof collapse at Temirtau in June 2022, an explosion in the Lenina coal mine 
in Kazakhstan in November 2022 and an explosion at the Kostenko coal mine in Kazakhstan in October 2023. 
Certain of these incidents have resulted or may result in fatalities (including the last one noted, which resulted 
in 46 fatalities), production stoppages, governmental investigations or proceedings and/or in costs and 
liabilities and negatively impact the Company’s reputation or the operations of the affected facilities. Such 
incidents could also lead to loss of key personnel, loss of key assets, or put at risk our employees (and those 
of sub-contractors and suppliers) or persons living near affected sites. See also “ArcelorMittal is subject to 
strict environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could give rise to a significant increase in 
costs and liabilities” and “ArcelorMittal is subject to economic policy, military, political, social and legal risks 
and uncertainties in the emerging markets in which it operates or proposes to operate, and these uncertainties 
may have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects”. Conflicts may also cause interruptions to operations; see “Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, 
international reaction to it (in particular in the form of sanctions) and any regional or global escalation of the 
conflict, could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.” 
In addition, natural disasters and severe weather conditions could lead to significant damage at ArcelorMittal’s 
production facilities and general infrastructure or cause shutdowns. For example, ArcelorMittal Mexico’s 
production facilities located in Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, Mexico are located in or close to areas prone to 
earthquakes. The Lázaro Cárdenas area has, in addition, been subject to a number of tsunamis in the past. The 
site of the joint venture AM/NS Calvert (“Calvert”) in the United States is located in an area subject to 
tornados and hurricanes. ArcelorMittal also has assets in locations subject to bush fires, specifically in South 
Africa, and to Arctic freeze, specifically in Baffinland. More generally, changing weather patterns and climatic 
conditions in recent years, possibly due to climate change, have added to the unpredictability and frequency 
of natural disasters. 
Severe weather conditions can also affect ArcelorMittal’s operations in particular due to the long supply chain 
for certain of its operations and the location of certain operations in areas subject to harsh winter conditions 
(i.e., Canada) or areas that are susceptible to droughts (i.e., South Africa, Mexico and Brazil). Water in 
particular is crucial to the steelmaking process, and the risk that the authorities may restrict license to withdraw 
water as a result of chronic drought could increase operating costs and reduce production capacity. Flooding 
has also affected ArcelorMittal’s operations, including at ArcelorMittal Asturias in Aviles, Spain in June 2018, 
ArcelorMittal Canada in Mont Wright, Canada in September 2022, and, more regularly, in Liberia, when heavy 
rains during the wet season have caused handling and logistic constraints that impacted shipment volumes. 
The severe floods in Europe in July 2021 also resulted in logistic constraints and decreased steel shipments. 
Damage to ArcelorMittal production facilities due to natural disasters and severe weather conditions could, to

--- Page 24 ---
22 
the extent that lost production cannot be compensated for by unaffected facilities, adversely affect its business, 
results of operations or financial condition. More generally, these severe weather conditions could increase in 
frequency and severity due to climate change. 
ArcelorMittal’s insurance policies provide limited coverage, potentially leaving it uninsured against some 
business risks. 
The occurrence of an event that is uninsurable or not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. ArcelorMittal maintains 
insurance on property and equipment in amounts believed to be consistent with industry practices, but it is not 
fully insured against all such risks. ArcelorMittal’s insurance policies cover physical loss or damage to its 
property and equipment on a reinstatement basis as arising from a number of specified risks and certain 
consequential losses, including business interruption arising from the occurrence of an insured event under the 
policies. Under ArcelorMittal’s property and equipment policies, some damages and losses caused by among 
others terrorism, war and other political violent events, as well as by certain natural disasters, such as 
earthquakes, floods and windstorms, are also covered. 
ArcelorMittal also purchases worldwide third-party public and product liability insurance coverage for all of 
its subsidiaries. Various other types of insurance are also maintained, such as comprehensive construction and 
contractor insurance for its greenfield and major capital expenditures projects, directors and officers liability, 
transport, and charterers’ liability, as well as other customary policies such as car insurance, travel assistance 
and medical insurance. 
In addition, ArcelorMittal maintains trade credit insurance on receivables from selected customers, subject to 
limits that it believes are consistent with those in the industry, in order to protect it against the risk of non-
payment due to customers’ insolvency or other causes. Not all of ArcelorMittal’s customers are or can be 
insured, and even when insurance is available, it may not fully cover the exposure. 
Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries carry, the occurrence of an 
event or series of events (such as, among others, a pandemic or a war) that may result in losses in excess of 
limits specified under the relevant policy, or losses not covered by insurance policies, could materially harm 
ArcelorMittal’s financial condition and future operating results. 
ArcelorMittal’s reputation and business could be materially harmed as a result of data breaches, data theft, 
unauthorised access or successful hacking. 
ArcelorMittal’s operations depend on the secure and reliable performance of its information technology 
systems. An increasing number of companies, including ArcelorMittal, have experienced intrusion attempts 
or even breaches of their information technology security, some of which have involved sophisticated and 
highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. Phishing, ransomware and virus attacks have been 
increasing in more recent years through 2020, with WannaCry impacting the Company in March 2018 and 
ransomware Eight in South Africa in 2020. In March 2021, ArcelorMittal Liberia and Dofasco were subject 
to a Cobalt Strike BEACON malware attack. The attack initially occurred on the ArcelorMittal Liberia 
network, with a malicious file download leading to an infection by malware. The attacker then moved laterally 
within the ArcelorMittal Liberia network to the ArcelorMittal Dofasco environment, attempting to infect the 
ArcelorMittal Dofasco system. In April 2021, ArcelorMittal Dofasco engaged an outside firm to conduct an 
exhaustive review of the attack, and no evidence data access, staging or theft was found. In April 2022, one of 
ArcelorMittal Brasil’s business partners was the subject of a malware attack in which the attackers moved 
laterally in an attempt to gain access to shared accounts between the partner and ArcelorMittal Brasil. The

--- Page 25 ---
23 
attackers then also attempted to use this initial attack to access some of the Company’s North American sites. 
A forensic analysis of the incident by an outside firm found no evidence that data or accounts related to 
ArcelorMittal Brasil or any of the Company’s North America sites had been compromised. In 2023, several 
instances of malicious activity were detected on certain of the Company’s servers and systems, including in 
Spain, Brazil, Germany and Venezuela. In each case, the Company deployed defenses against these attacks 
and conducted forensic analysis in coordination with third-party providers in order to successfully prevent the 
exfiltration of data, contain or neutralise the ransomware from spreading to additional sites or servers and 
recover data from backup servers. The Company also installed additional technologies and software with the 
goal of ensuring the affected systems were clear of any continuing threats. 
Adverse consequences of technological advances like Industry 4.0, Cloud Computing, Internet of Things, 
GenAI and Blockchain may increase threats or cause damage to ArcelorMittal, for example by impacting shop-
floor systems supporting production and maintenance and thereby forcing plant operations to revert to manual 
mode with loss of production, resulting in new risks to ArcelorMittal’s operations and systems. Because the 
techniques used to obtain unauthorised access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change 
frequently and often are not recognised until launched against a target, the Company may be unable to 
anticipate these techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures. 
Although ArcelorMittal performs annual cyber maturity assessments in many of its business units, which are 
supplemented by in-depth cyber audits and penetration testing exercises performed by ArcelorMittal Global 
Assurance, the risk of significant data breaches, data theft, unauthorised access or successful hacking cannot 
be eliminated. There may also be an increased risk of cybersecurity breaches due to ongoing geopolitical 
tensions involving Russia. 
If unauthorised parties attempt or manage to bring down the Company’s website or force access into its 
information technology systems, they may be able to misappropriate personal and confidential information, 
cause interruptions in the Company’s operations, damage its computers or process control systems or otherwise 
damage its reputation and business. In such circumstances, the Company could be held liable or be subject to 
regulatory or other actions for breaching confidentiality and personal data protection rules including the EU’s 
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Any compromise of the security of the Company’s 
information technology systems could result in a loss of confidence in the Company’s security measures and 
subject it to litigation, civil or criminal penalties, and adverse publicity that could adversely affect its 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
III. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s mining activities 
ArcelorMittal’s mining operations are subject to risks associated with mining activities. 
ArcelorMittal’s mining operations are subject to the hazards and risks usually associated with the exploration, 
development and production of natural resources, any of which could result in production shortfalls or damage 
to persons or property. In particular, the hazards associated with open-pit mining operations include, among 
others: 
• 
flooding of the open-pit; 
• 
geotechnical failure and collapse of high walls; 
• 
accidents associated with the operation of large open-pit mining and rock transportation equipment; 
• 
accidents associated with the preparation and initiation of large-scale open-pit blasting operations;

--- Page 26 ---
24 
• 
production disruptions or difficulties associated with mining in extreme weather conditions; 
outbreaks of tropical, viral or other diseases such as COVID-19 pandemic, and Ebola; and other 
force majeure events such as protests and in extreme cases wars (including the Ukraine conflict) and 
suspension of activities due to geopolitical constraints; 
• 
hazards associated with the disposal of mineralised waste water, such as groundwater and waterway 
contamination; and 
• 
collapse of tailings ponds dams. 
Hazards associated with underground mining operations, of which ArcelorMittal has several, include, among 
others: 
• 
underground fires and explosions, including those caused by flammable gas; 
• 
gas explosions propagating coal dust explosions; 
• 
cave-ins or falls of ground; 
• 
discharges of gases and toxic chemicals; 
• 
flooding; 
• 
sinkhole formation and ground subsidence;  
• 
blasting, removing, and processing material from an underground mine; and 
• 
other general risks associated with work tasks and activities such as vehicles and mobile equipment; 
falling objects; falling from heights; electrical and general energy releases; crushing and 
entanglement; lifting and manual handling; fires and explosions; working in confined spaces, and 
risks from noxious fumes, reduced oxygen levels, drowning or asphyxiation. 
ArcelorMittal is exposed to all of these hazards. The occurrence of any of the events listed above could delay 
production, increase production costs and result in death or injury to persons, damage to property and liability 
for ArcelorMittal, some or all of which may not be covered by insurance, as well as substantially harm 
ArcelorMittal’s reputation, both as a Company focused on ensuring the health and safety of its employees and 
more generally. ArcelorMittal’s mining operations have experienced several explosions. See “Disruptions to 
ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing processes and mining operations caused for example by equipment failures, 
natural disasters, accidents, epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical conflicts or extreme weather events could 
adversely affect its operations, customer service levels and financial results and liabilities.” 
ArcelorMittal’s reserve and resource estimates may materially differ from mineral quantities that it may be 
able to actually recover; ArcelorMittal’s estimates of mine life may prove inaccurate; and market price 
fluctuations and changes in operating and capital costs may render certain ore reserves uneconomical to 
mine. 
There is a degree of uncertainty attributable to the estimation of mineral reserves and resources. Until mineral 
reserves and resources are actually mined and processed, the quantity of metal and grades must be considered 
as estimates only and no assurance can be given that the indicated levels of metals will be produced. In making 
determinations about whether to advance any of its projects to development, ArcelorMittal must rely upon

--- Page 27 ---
25 
estimated calculations for the mineral reserves and mineral resources and grades of mineralisation on the 
Company’s properties. 
The estimation of mineral reserves and resources is a subjective process that is partially dependent upon the 
judgment of the qualified persons preparing such estimates. The process relies on the quantity and quality of 
available data and is based on knowledge, mining experience, statistical analysis of drilling and sampling 
results and industry practices. Valid estimates made at a given time may significantly change when new 
information becomes available. 
ArcelorMittal’s estimates of mineral reserves and resources are based on interpretation of geological data and 
statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from the results of drilling and sampling analysis made as of the 
date of such estimates.  
ArcelorMittal periodically updates its mineral reserve and resources estimates based on the conclusions of the 
relevant qualified persons with respect to new data generated from exploratory and infill drilling campaigns, 
results from technical studies and the experience acquired during the operation of the mine and metallurgical 
processing, as well as changes to the assumptions used to calculate these estimates. Additional data generated 
may not be consistent with the data on which previous mineral resources and mineral reserves were based. 
Therefore, estimates may change from period to period or may need to be revised, and there can be no 
assurance that the mineral resources or mineral reserves in this report will be recovered at the grade, quality or 
quantities presented. 
There can be uncertainty in the assumptions used that may materially impact and result in significant changes 
to the Company’s current estimates. The assumptions that can fluctuate may include, but are not limited to: 
market prices including long-term forecasts; operating and capital costs; changes to estimation input 
parameters and techniques; and changes to cut-off grades, mining, and metallurgical recovery rates. These 
changes may also render some or all of our current proven and probable mineral reserves and measured and 
indicated mineral resources uneconomic to exploit and may ultimately result in a reduction of mineral reserves 
and resources. Additionally, estimated future cash flows, capital expenditure and operating costs, production 
schedules, mine closure costs, royalty and tax costs estimates, and valuation assumptions based on mineral 
reserve and mineral resource estimates may not necessarily be indicative of future results. 
Pursuant to the S-K 1300 regulations the term “mineral resources” does not indicate recoverable mineral 
reserves. Future mining of estimated mineral resources is considered uncertain as they do not meet the 
threshold for mineral reserve modifying factors. Mineral resources are subject to further exploration and 
evaluation of material factors such as operating costs, grades, and recoveries, further engineering, legal and 
economic feasibility that would allow for the conversion to mineral reserves. Consequently, no assurance can 
be given that mineral resources not included in mineral reserves will become recoverable proven and probable 
mineral reserves in the future. 
In addition, inferred mineral resources have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their 
economic and legal feasibility. Readers should not assume that any part of an inferred mineral resource will 
be upgraded to a higher category or that any of the mineral resources not already classified as mineral reserves 
will be reclassified as mineral reserves. 
Moreover, substantial time and expenditures are required to: 
• 
establish mineral reserves through drilling;

--- Page 28 ---
26 
• 
determine appropriate mining and metallurgical processes for optimising the recovery of saleable 
product from iron ore and coal reserves; 
• 
obtain environmental and other licenses or securing surface rights with local communities; 
• 
construct mining and processing facilities and the infrastructure required for greenfield properties; 
• 
extract the saleable products from the mined iron ore or coal; and 
• 
maintain the appropriate blend of ore to ensure the final product qualities expected by the customer 
are achieved. 
If a project proves not to be economically feasible by the time ArcelorMittal is able to exploit it, ArcelorMittal 
may incur substantial losses and be obliged to recognise impairments. In addition, potential changes or 
complications involving metallurgical and other technological processes that arise during the life of a project 
may result in delays and cost overruns that may render the project not economically feasible. 
ArcelorMittal faces rising extraction costs over time as reserves deplete. 
Reserves are gradually depleted in the ordinary course of a given mining operation. As mining progresses, 
distances to the primary crusher and to waste deposits become longer, pits become steeper and underground 
operations become deeper, all of which are considered in reserve estimates. As a result, ArcelorMittal usually 
experiences rising unit extraction costs over time with respect to each of its mines. 
IV. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s acquisitions and investments 
ArcelorMittal has grown through acquisitions and may continue to do so. Failure to manage external 
growth and difficulties completing planned acquisitions or integrating acquired companies could harm 
ArcelorMittal’s future results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Company was formed and subsequently grew through mergers and acquisitions. After curtailing its large-
scale M&A activity for several years following the 2008 financial crisis, the Company made several large 
acquisitions in recent years, including its acquisition (via a joint venture) of Calvert in 2014, of the long steel 
business ArcelorMittal Sul Fluminense (“AMSF”) in 2018, ArcelorMittal Italia via a long-term lease and 
conditional purchase agreement in 2018 (renamed Acciaierie d’Italia and which became a joint venture in 
2021) and AMNS India Limited (“AMNS India”) via a joint venture in 2019, the acquisition of a majority 
stake in voestalpine’s HBI facility in Texas in 2022 and the acquisition of Companhia Siderúrgica do Pecém 
(“CSP”) in Brazil in 2022, which closed in March 2023. 
To the extent ArcelorMittal continues to pursue significant acquisitions, financing of such acquisitions may 
(depending on the structure) result in increased debt, leverage and gearing. Acquisitions also entail increased 
operating costs, as well as greater allocation of management resources away from daily operations. Managing 
acquisitions requires the continued development of ArcelorMittal’s financial and management information 
control systems, the integration of acquired assets with existing operations, the adoption of manufacturing best 
practices, handling any labour disruptions that may arise, attracting and retaining qualified management and 
personnel as well as the continued training and supervision of such personnel, and the ability to manage the 
risks and liabilities associated with the acquired businesses. Acquisitions may also result in subsequent 
disputes or financial liabilities, including in respect of put options granted to selling shareholders over a 
retained minority stake. For example, Votorantim S.A. is contesting the exercise price of the put option it had 
over its stake in ArcelorMittal Brasil, representing substantial financial exposure for the Company. The

--- Page 29 ---
27 
Company also recognised a financial liability at amortised cost related to the put option granted to voestalpine 
in connection with the acquisition of the Corpus Christi, Texas HBI facility (as well as with respect to a put 
option granted to non-controlling interests in Sonasid), as described in notes 2.2.4, 9.3 and 11.5.2 to the 2022 
Financial Statements. In addition, acquisitions may entail future capital expenditures, either as a condition 
(e.g., the Essar bankruptcy resolution plan referenced below) or in order to realise synergies, operational 
efficiencies or strategic benefits (e.g., the plans to expand capacity at CSP and form an adjacent clean electricity 
and green hub). Such capital expenditure may not provide the anticipated return on investment. More generally, 
failure to manage acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. 
ArcelorMittal may encounter further difficulties with respect to ArcelorMittal Italia (renamed Acciaierie 
d’Italia (“ADI”). 
The Company has encountered and may continue to encounter difficulties with respect to ADI. In particular, 
pursuant to the initial agreement for the lease and subsequent conditional purchase of the business of Ilva (the 
“Ilva Agreement”), ADI implemented major improvements involving substantial capital expenditures 
designed to bring ADI up to and beyond EU environmental standards, to improve its operational performance, 
to rebuild client confidence and to integrate personnel and apply the Company’s best practices and expertise. 
The implementation of these improvements was subject to various obstacles, including the unexpected legal, 
regulatory and operational developments encountered in 2019 and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 
Italy, which led to a significant reduction in the Taranto plant’s production for several months in 2020. These 
delays were particularly costly as ADI had been loss-making while it was consolidated in ArcelorMittal’s 
results from November 2018 to December 2020. 
On 4 November 2019, ArcelorMittal sent to the Commissioners managing the Ilva insolvency procedure (the 
“Commissioners”) a notice to withdraw from or terminate the Ilva Agreement and return the business units 
to Ilva. This notice was based, among other things, on provisions of the agreement that allow withdrawal in 
the event that a new law affects the environmental plan for the Taranto plant in such a way that materially 
impairs the ability to operate the plant or implement the industrial plan; these provisions were triggered 
following the Italian Parliament’s removal, on 3 November 2019, of the legal protection necessary for ADI to 
implement its environmental plan without risk of criminal liability. In response, the Commissioners filed suit 
in Milan seeking an injunction to prevent ArcelorMittal’s withdrawal and termination of the agreement. 
Following negotiation between the parties, on 4 March 2020, ArcelorMittal and the Commissioners agreed to 
settle this litigation and signed an amendment to the Ilva Agreement. 
The amendment included terms for investment by Italian state-sponsored and other private entities into ADI, 
a new industrial plan involving lower-carbon steelmaking technologies, a revised lease payment structure and 
certain revised commitments and additional conditions precedent related to the completion of the obligation 
to purchase (including the amendment of the existing environmental plan to account for changes in the new 
industrial plan; the lifting of all criminal seizures on the Taranto plant; and the absence of restrictive measures 
affecting ADI in the context of criminal proceedings where Ilva is a defendant) by May 2022. On that basis, 
on 10 December 2020 an investment agreement was signed between ArcelorMittal and Invitalia, an Italian 
state-owned company (the “Investment Agreement”), providing for Invitalia to invest up to €1.1 billion in 
ADI, in two tranches (equity and €25 million as a loan). On 14 April 2021, following the initial injection by 
Invitalia of €400 million of new equity, ArcelorMittal and Invitalia formed a public-private partnership. The 
joint company was renamed Acciaierie d’Italia Holding (“ADI Holding”, formerly AM InvestCo), and its main 
operating subsidiary ADI (then ArcelorMittal Italia) was renamed Acciaierie d’Italia. The Investment 
Agreement stipulated a second equity injection by Invitalia of up to €680 million, to fund the completion of

--- Page 30 ---
28 
the purchase of Ilva’s business by ADI Holding, subject to certain conditions precedent to be met initially by 
May 2022. Certain of these conditions precedent (in particular due to the existence of various judicial measures 
encumbering the Taranto plant) were not fulfilled by 31 May 2022. Accordingly, on 31 May 2022 the parties 
entered into amendments to the Ilva Agreement and the Investment Agreement. More specifically, ADI 
Holding and Ilva signed an amendment to the Ilva Agreement to, among other changes, extend the longstop 
date for the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (and, therefore, the term of the lease of the Ilva business) 
by two years (i.e., until 31 May 2024). In parallel, ArcelorMittal and Invitalia signed an amendment to the 
Investment Agreement to (i) extend the latest date for the second equity injection to 31 May 2024 (to coincide 
with the latest date for the fulfilment of the conditions precedent for the purchase of the Ilva business assets) 
and (ii) reflect certain other circumstances.  
At the end of December 2022, in order to address the financial consequences on the Acciaierie d’Italia group 
of the unprecedented spike in energy costs caused by the Ukraine crisis, ArcelorMittal, the Italian Government 
and Invitalia agreed, among other things, to accelerate the funding originally envisaged to occur in connection 
with the acquisition of Ilva’s assets, consisting in particular of €680 million from Invitalia and €70 million 
from ArcelorMittal (corresponding to an equivalent amount of receivables towards the Acciaierie d’Italia 
Group), in the form of a convertible shareholder loan made available on 14 February 2023, as a result of which, 
upon conversion, Invitalia’s stake in ADI Holding will be increased to 60% and ArcelorMittal’s will reduce to 
40%. The settlement of Invitalia’s shareholder loan was completed on 17 February 2023. The latest amendment 
to the Investment Agreement also introduced a partial modification to ADI Holding’s governance effective as 
of the end of the term of the current board of directors (set to expire with the approval of the 2023 financial 
statements), when Invitalia will become entitled to appoint the CEO (subject to ArcelorMittal’s approval) and 
ArcelorMittal to appoint the chairman (subject to Invitalia’s approval) and each party will continue to appoint 
two more board members. Also, as from the conversion of the shareholder loans into capital, Invitalia will 
have the right to transfer to any third party an interest of no more than 20% of the share capital of ADI Holding, 
subject however to ArcelorMittal’s right of first refusal. 
The Investment Agreement also includes an updated industrial plan (revised in connection with the May 2022 
amendment) envisaging through 2026 investment in lower-carbon steelmaking technologies, including the 
construction of a 2.5 million tonne EAF, which is expected to open in mid-2024, and the relining of blast 
furnace #5, which is expected to start production in 2024. This industrial plan targets reaching 8 million tonnes 
of production in 2025 (crude steel production is limited to 6 million tonnes until the environmental plan is 
completed). It integrates a series of public support measures including ongoing government funded 
employment support and includes, for the period between 2021 and 2025, environmental capital expenditures 
of €117 million and industrial capital expenditures of €957 million as well as capital expenditures of €226 
million for the revamp of blast furnace #5 and €260 million for the construction of the EAF. 
While the funds instrumental to the second equity injection have now been disbursed, no assurance can be 
given that the purchase of Ilva’s assets will be completed by May 2024 (in case conditions precedent are not 
met or waived or the May 2024 deadline extended, ADI Holding would not be required to complete the 
purchase of Ilva’s assets and a portion of its capital invested would be returned to its shareholders) or that 
further operational, financial, legal, regulatory, labour-related or political difficulties will not arise, potentially 
resulting in the failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the project, further losses, renewed litigation and 
payments of substantial amounts or other damages. 
ArcelorMittal faces risks associated with its acquisition, via a joint venture, of AMNS India.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
ArcelorMittal acquired, via a joint venture with Nippon Steel Corporation (“NSC”), AMNS India on 16 
December 2019, in a bankruptcy resolution process pursuant to a resolution plan including substantial capital 
expenditure commitments. ArcelorMittal’s shareholding in AMNS India subjects ArcelorMittal to various 
risks. On the operational front, AMNS India has large-scale and ambitious projects to expand its operations 
and further improve operational profitability, which may either not come to fruition or require greater than 
anticipated investments or expenditures. AMNS India has also made significant acquisitions in recent years, 
such as, in 2020, of Odisha Slurry Pipeline Infrastructure Limited for a net acquisition price of $245 million 
and, in 2022, of certain port, power and other logistics and infrastructure assets in India acquired from the 
Essar Group for a net value of approximately $2.4 billion. In March 2021, AMNS India signed a Memorandum 
of Understanding (“MoU”) with the Government of Odisha in view of building an integrated steel plant with 
a 12 million tonne capacity per annum in Kendrapara district of state Odisha. A pre-feasibility study report 
was submitted to the state government in the third quarter of 2021, and AMNS India is currently engaging 
with the government for further studies and clearances. Further options to build a six million tonne per annum 
integrated steel plant are being assessed. In addition, it acquired Uttam Galva in a bankruptcy proceeding. The 
joint venture has financed such acquisitions with its own cash and drawings under existing financings 
(including the one referenced below, guaranteed by its shareholders). The Company currently expects that any 
future acquisitions would likely be similarly financed. Moreover, the joint venture has announced $7.4 billion 
in projected capital expenditure requirements that it expects to finance similarly (subject to potential cost 
overruns). The risks in this respect are compounded to an extent by the fact that AMNS India is owned and 
operated by a joint venture with attendant risks around strategic alignment, potential discord and deadlock. 
ArcelorMittal is exposed to the extent of its equity investment and its guarantees of the financings of the joint 
venture, the latter of which may increase in amount as noted above. See further information in note 2.4 to the 
2022 Financial Statements. 
ArcelorMittal’s greenfield, brownfield and other investment projects are subject to financing, execution and 
completion risks. 
The Company has announced a number of greenfield or brownfield development projects as well as other 
significant investment projects which are capital intensive. See “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint ventures” and “Properties and capital expenditures—
Capital expenditures” in the 2022 Form 20-F for further information on projects the Company has announced. 
Particularly significant recent projects include the Company’s announced projects in Mexico, Liberia, India, 
France and Brazil, involving estimated capital expenditures of approximately $4.2 billion over the 2021 to 
2025 period. With respect to India, in March 2022, the Company also established a strategic partnership with 
Greenko Group, an Indian energy transition company, to develop a ‘round the clock’ renewable energy project 
with 975 MW of nominal capacity, involving investments of approximately $600 million and combining solar 
and wind power. In addition, ArcelorMittal’s joint venture AMNS India has significant capital expenditure 
projects (amounting to $7.4 billion according to estimates announced on September 27, 2022), and the 
Company has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Government of Odisha in view of building an 
integrated steel plant with an 12Mtpa capacity in Kebdrapara district of state of Odisha; and other joint ventures 
have significant ongoing investment projects. In Brazil, the Company announced in April 2023 that 
ArcelorMittal Brasil would form a joint venture partnership with one of Brazil’s largest developers and 
producers of renewable energy projects to develop a 554 MW wind power project. 
To the extent these projects go forward, they would entail substantial capital expenditures, and their timely 
completion and successful operation may be affected by factors beyond the control of ArcelorMittal. These 
factors include receiving financing on reasonable terms, obtaining or renewing required regulatory approvals 
and licenses, securing and maintaining adequate property rights to land and mineral resources, local opposition

--- Page 32 ---
30 
to land acquisition or project development, managing relationships with or obtaining consents from other 
shareholders, revision of economic viability projections, demand for the Company’s products, local 
environmental or health-related conditions, and general economic conditions. Any of these factors may cause 
the Company to delay, modify or forego some or all aspects of its development projects. For investment 
projects that the Company expects to fund primarily through internal sources, these sources may prove 
insufficient depending on the amount of internally generated cash flows and other uses of cash, and the 
Company may need to choose between incurring external financing or foregoing the investment. The Company 
cannot guarantee that it will be able to execute its greenfield, brownfield or other investment projects, and to 
the extent that they proceed, that it will be able to complete them on schedule, within budget, or achieve an 
adequate return on its investment. Conversely, should the Company decide to postpone or cancel development 
projects, it could incur various negative consequences such as litigation or impairment charges, as well as loss 
of anticipated strategic benefits. 
ArcelorMittal faces risks associated with its investments in joint ventures and associates. 
ArcelorMittal has investments in numerous joint ventures and associates. See “Properties and capital 
expenditures—Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint ventures” in the 2022 Form 20-F and note 
2.4 to the 2022 Financial Statements. In particular, it has structured significant growth transactions in recent 
years, including Calvert, AMNS India, ADI and Casa dos Ventos as joint ventures. These joint ventures subject 
ArcelorMittal to several types of risks. 
First, risks that are endemic to joint ventures generally due to their nature as entities over which control is 
shared. These include the risk of dead-lock and/or coordination issues affecting the implementation of strategy. 
To the extent joint ventures and associates are controlled and managed by partners, they may not fully comply 
with ArcelorMittal’s standards, controls and procedures, including ArcelorMittal’s health, safety, environment 
and community standards; this could lead to higher costs, reduced production or environmental, health and 
safety incidents or accidents, which could adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s results and reputation. 
Second, joint ventures may be the source of substantial expenditures and financial exposure. Although 
ArcelorMittal’s joint ventures are responsible for their own debt repayment and it does not consolidate their 
indebtedness, ArcelorMittal may make substantial cash contributions to extend loans to and/or guarantee the 
debt or contractual obligations of its joint ventures. This may particularly be the case for joint ventures that 
are strategic and that are expanding and developing, such as AMNS India and Calvert. As of 31 December 
2022, ArcelorMittal had given $4.4 billion of guarantees on behalf of associates and joint ventures, including 
$3.1 billion on behalf of AMNS India, $354 million on behalf of Calvert, $341 million in relation to 
outstanding lease liabilities for vessels operated by Global Chartering and $178 million on behalf of its joint 
venture Al Jubail (discussed further below). See notes 2.4.1, 2.4.2 and 9.4 to the 2022 Financial Statements. 
Other sureties, first demand guarantees, letters of credit, pledges and other collateral included $375 million 
and $406 million of commitments given on behalf of associates as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, 
respectively, and $598 million and $452 million of commitments given on behalf of joint ventures as of 31 
December 2022 and 2021, respectively. First demand guarantees include ones given for payments under 
operating contracts, such as energy supply contracts. In the current context of spiking energy prices and 
potential energy shortages, the risk of such guarantees being activated and leading to substantial financial 
exposure is increased.  
Third, joint ventures and associates may experience financial difficulties. In such circumstances, ArcelorMittal 
may choose to restructure the joint venture, to contribute additional equity or to guarantee additional financing. 
The Company also may be exposed to loss of its investment or calls on existing guarantees. For example, the

--- Page 33 ---
31 
financial situation of ArcelorMittal’s joint venture in Saudi Arabia, Al Jubail, was negatively impacted by a 
slower than expected ramp-up of operations and required further funding in 2018 and 2019; it may require 
additional funding in the future. ArcelorMittal has provided shareholder loans to assist with funding and has 
guaranteed some of the joint venture’s indebtedness (see above). 
Finally, ArcelorMittal’s investments in joint ventures and associates may result in impairments. In 2020, as a 
result of lower cash flow projections resulting from weaker market conditions partially linked to the COVID-
19 pandemic, the Company recognised a $211 million impairment charge with respect to its associate DHS 
Group. As of 31 December 2022, ArcelorMittal’s investments accounted for under the equity method had a 
carrying amount of $10.8 billion, including AMNS India ($3.4 billion), Acciaierie d’Italia ($1.2 billion), DHS 
Group ($791 million), China Oriental ($1.2 billion), Gonvarri ($673 million), Calvert ($884 million), 
Baffinland ($356 million) and VAMA ($351 million). 
V. Risks related to ArcelorMittal’s financial position and organisational structure 
Changes in assumptions underlying the carrying value of certain assets, including as a result of adverse 
market conditions, could result in the impairment of such assets, including intangible assets such as 
goodwill. 
At each reporting date, in accordance with the Company’s accounting policy described in note 5.3 to the 2022 
Financial Statements, ArcelorMittal reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets 
(goodwill is reviewed annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may 
not be recoverable) to determine whether there is any indication that the carrying amount of those assets may 
not be recoverable through continuing use. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset 
(or cash-generating unit) is reviewed in order to determine the amount of the impairment, if any. 
If certain of management’s estimates change during a given period, such as the discount rate, capital 
expenditures, expected changes to average selling prices, growth rates, shipments and direct costs, the estimate 
of the recoverable amount of goodwill or the asset could fall significantly and result in impairment. While 
impairment does not affect reported cash flows, the decrease of the estimated recoverable amount and the 
related non-cash charge in the consolidated statements of operations could have a material adverse effect on 
ArcelorMittal’s results of operations. For example, in 2019, the Company recognised $1.3 billion of 
impairments on the fixed assets of ArcelorMittal USA (of which $660 million was reversed in 2020 in 
connection with the agreed sale to Cleveland-Cliffs) and a $75 million impairment at ArcelorMittal South 
Africa following downward revisions of cash flow projections. In 2020, the Company recorded impairment 
charges of $196 million, including $92 million related to the permanent closure of the coke plant in Florange 
(France) in the first quarter and $104 million following the permanent closure of a blast furnace and steel plant 
in Krakow (Poland) in the third quarter. The Company also recognises impairment in connection with intended 
sales, when the carrying amount of the disposal group is higher than the fair value less cost to sell. In this 
context, the Company recognised a total impairment charge of $994 million (including $888 million in 
connection with the intended sale of the ADI remedy assets and $86 million in relation to the sale of the 
Votorantim remedy assets) in 2018, an additional impairment of $497 million in 2019 related to the remedy 
asset sales for the ADI acquisition and a $331 million impairment charge with respect the Company’s plate 
assets in Europe in 2020. In 2022, the Company recognised impairment charges of $1.0 billion with respect to 
its Ukrainian operations. Substantial amounts of goodwill and tangible and intangible assets remain recorded 
on the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position. As of 31 December 2022, the Company’s 
balance sheet included $3.8 billion of goodwill.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
More generally, no assurance can be given as to the absence of significant further impairment losses in future 
periods, particularly if market conditions deteriorate or as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and any 
resulting economic impacts. In particular, changes in key assumptions used in the Group’s impairment tests, 
due to market conditions, regulations (including environmental regulations) or other reasons may result in 
additional impairment losses being recognised in the future in particular with respect to ACIS. In addition, for 
operations in jurisdictions where a legal obligation of carbon neutrality has been established (i.e., EU and 
Canada) the Company’s assumptions include the significant long-term investments necessary to reach the 
Group’s announced carbon emissions goals. With respect to operations in other jurisdictions where 
decarbonisation will occur at a different pace, the Company increased risk premiums included in their discount 
rates until they are able to accelerate their decarbonisation strategy to meet the 2050 carbon neutrality objective 
and a legal obligation arises in the relevant jurisdiction. The Company’s assumptions for future cash flows 
also include an estimate for costs that the Company expects to incur to acquire emission allowances, which 
primarily impacts the flat steel operations in Europe. The assumption for carbon emission cost is based on 
historical experience, expected opportunities to mitigate or otherwise offset such future costs and information 
available in respect of future changes. Due to economic developments, uncertainties over the pace of transition 
and available public funding support to implement low-emission technologies, political and environmental 
actions that will be taken to meet the carbon reduction goals, regulatory changes and emissions activity arising 
from climate-related matters, the Company’s assumptions used in the recoverable amount calculations, among 
others those relating to capital expenditure and carbon emission costs are inherently uncertain and may 
ultimately differ from actual amounts. In addition, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, its impact 
on demand and costs and any resulting further reduced production, sales and income of the Company’s 
Ukrainian operations increase the risk that the Company may need to record an additional impairment charge 
with respect to such operations. For further information on these risks, see notes 1.2 and 5.3 to the 2022  
Financial Statements and Note 5 to the 2023 HY Financials. 
ArcelorMittal’s indebtedness could have an adverse impact on its results of operations and financial 
position, and the market’s perception of ArcelorMittal’s leverage may affect its share price. 
As of 31 December 2022, ArcelorMittal had total debt outstanding of $11.7 billion, including $2.6 billion of 
short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (including payables to banks and the current portion of 
long-term debt) and $9.1 billion of long-term debt, net of current portion. As of 31 December 2022, 
ArcelorMittal had $9.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, and $5.5 billion available to 
be drawn under existing credit facilities. The Company also relies on its true sale of receivables programs 
($5.3 billion of trade receivables sold at 31 December 2022), as a way to manage its working capital cycle.  
While ArcelorMittal’s indebtedness has decreased significantly in recent years, were it to increase substantially 
in the future, this could contribute to the Company’s vulnerability to adverse economic and competitive 
pressures in its industry, limit flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and industry; 
limit its ability to borrow additional funds on terms that are acceptable to the Company or at all. More 
generally, a further deterioration of market conditions may impact ArcelorMittal’s ability to refinance its 
indebtedness on acceptable conditions or at all. 
Credit rating agencies could downgrade ArcelorMittal’s ratings either due to factors specific to ArcelorMittal, 
a prolonged cyclical downturn in the steel industry and mining industries, macroeconomic trends (such as 
global or regional recessions or economic shocks such as that resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic) or 
trends in credit and capital markets more generally. While ArcelorMittal’s long-term credit ratings were most 
recently affirmed by Moody’s (in August 2021) and Standard & Poor’s (in June 2023), any future downgrades 
could lead to an increase in its cost of borrowing. The margin under ArcelorMittal’s principal credit facilities

--- Page 35 ---
33 
and certain of its outstanding bonds is subject to adjustment in the event of a change in its long-term credit 
ratings, and downgrades that occurred in 2012, 2015 and 2020 resulted in increased interest expense. 
ArcelorMittal’s principal credit facilities contain restrictive covenants. These covenants limit, inter alia, 
encumbrances on the assets of ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries, the ability of ArcelorMittal’s subsidiaries to 
incur debt and the ability of ArcelorMittal and its subsidiaries to dispose of assets in certain circumstances. 
These restrictive covenants could limit ArcelorMittal’s operating and financial flexibility. Failure to comply 
with any covenant would enable the lenders to accelerate ArcelorMittal’s repayment obligations. Moreover, 
ArcelorMittal’s debt facilities have provisions whereby certain events relating to other borrowers within the 
ArcelorMittal group could, under certain circumstances, lead to acceleration of debt repayment under the credit 
facilities. Any invocation of these cross-acceleration clauses could cause some or all of the other debt to 
accelerate, creating liquidity pressures. In addition, the mere market perception of a potential breach of any 
financial covenant, to the extent in effect, could have a negative impact on ArcelorMittal’s ability to refinance 
its indebtedness on acceptable conditions. 
Furthermore, some of ArcelorMittal’s debt is subject to floating rates of interest and thereby exposes 
ArcelorMittal to interest rate risk (i.e., if interest rates rise, ArcelorMittal’s debt service obligations on its 
floating rate indebtedness would increase). Depending on market conditions, ArcelorMittal from time to time 
uses interest-rate swaps or other financial instruments to hedge a portion of its interest rate exposure either 
from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed. ArcelorMittal had exposure to 87% of its long-term debt at 
fixed interest rates and 13% at floating rates as of 31 December 2022. 
In addition to the foregoing specific risks relating to ArcelorMittal’s indebtedness, its share price is affected 
by the markets’ perception of its leverage. 
ArcelorMittal could also, in order to increase its financial flexibility and strengthen its balance sheet, 
implement capital raising measures such as equity offerings (as was done in May 2009, January 2013, April 
2016 and May 2020), which could (depending on how they are structured) dilute the interests of existing 
shareholders or require them to invest further funds to avoid such dilution. In addition, ArcelorMittal has 
undertaken and may undertake asset disposals in order to reduce debt, as it did over several years through 
2020. 
For further information on ArcelorMittal’s indebtedness see “Operating and financial review—Liquidity and 
capital resources” in the 2022 Form 20-F, note 6.1.2 to the 2022 Financial Statements, “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the six months ended June 30, 
2022—Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the 2023 HY Report, note 8 to the 2023 HY Financials and 
“Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the 9 November 2023 PR. 
ArcelorMittal’s ability to fully utilise its recognised deferred tax assets depends on its profitability and future 
cash flows. 
At 31 December 2022, ArcelorMittal had $8.6 billion recorded as deferred tax assets on its consolidated 
statement of financial position representing a $0.4 billion increase as compared to 31 December 2021. In 2021, 
deferred tax assets increased by $0.2 billion primarily due to the changes in the expectation of future profits 
mainly in Luxembourg. In 2022, the Company recorded deferred tax benefits of $0.4 billion mainly due to the 
recognition of deferred tax assets in Luxembourg following an increase in the future taxable income 
expectation on unrealised gains on derivative instruments. The deferred tax assets can be utilised only if, and 
only to the extent that, ArcelorMittal’s operating subsidiaries generate adequate levels of taxable income in 
future periods to offset the tax loss carry forwards and reverse the temporary differences prior to expiration.

--- Page 36 ---
34 
At 31 December 2022, the amount of future income required to recover ArcelorMittal’s deferred tax assets of 
$8.6 billion was at least $34.4 billion at certain operating subsidiaries. 
ArcelorMittal’s ability to generate taxable income is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, 
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control. If ArcelorMittal generates lower taxable 
income than the amount it has assumed in determining its deferred tax assets, then the value of deferred tax 
assets will be reduced. In addition, assumptions regarding the future recoverability of deferred tax assets 
depend on management’s estimates of future taxable income in accordance with the tax laws applicable to 
ArcelorMittal’s subsidiaries in the countries in which they operate. If in the course of its assessments 
management determines that the carrying amount of any of its deferred tax assets may not be recoverable 
pursuant to such prevailing tax laws, the recoverable amount of such deferred tax assets may be impaired. 
Underfunding of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans at some of ArcelorMittal’s operating 
subsidiaries could require the Company to make substantial cash contributions to pension plans or to pay 
for employee healthcare, which may reduce the cash available for ArcelorMittal’s business. 
ArcelorMittal’s principal operating subsidiaries in Brazil, Canada, Europe and South Africa provide defined 
benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans to their employees. Some of these plans are currently 
underfunded, see note 8.2 to the 2022 Financial Statements for the total value of plan assets and any deficit. 
ArcelorMittal’s funding obligations depend upon future asset performance, which is tied to equity and debt 
markets to a substantial extent, the level of interest rates used to discount future liabilities, actuarial 
assumptions and experience, benefit plan changes and government regulation. Because of the large number of 
variables that determine pension funding requirements, which are difficult to predict, as well as any legislative 
action, future cash funding requirements for ArcelorMittal’s pension plans and other post-employment benefit 
plans could be significantly higher than current estimates. Increases in the general life expectancy assumption 
have contributed to increases in the defined benefit obligation. In these circumstances, funding requirements 
could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. 
ArcelorMittal’s results of operations could be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, 
particularly the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, as well as by exchange controls imposed by governmental 
authorities in the countries where it operates. 
ArcelorMittal operates and sells products globally and as a result, its business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects could be adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. A substantial portion of 
ArcelorMittal’s assets, liabilities, operating costs, sales and earnings are denominated in currencies other than 
the U.S. dollar (ArcelorMittal’s reporting currency). Accordingly, its results of operations are subject to 
translation risk (i.e., the U.S. dollar value of revenue and profits generated in other currencies and its debt 
denominated in other currencies) and transaction risk (i.e., a mismatch between the currency of costs and 
revenue). Foreign exchange gain for the year ended 31 December 2022 was $191 million as compared to a 
$155 million loss for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Moreover, ArcelorMittal operates in several countries whose currencies are, or have in the past been, subject 
to limitations imposed by those countries’ central banks, or which have experienced sudden and significant 
devaluations. In emerging countries where ArcelorMittal has operations and/or generates substantial revenue, 
such as Argentina, Brazil, India, South Africa, Venezuela and Ukraine, the risk of significant currency 
devaluation is high. For example, the Argentinian peso has continued to substantially depreciate since 2018, 
and in 2021, it depreciated approximately 22.1% versus the U.S dollar. Moreover, inflation in 2019 reached

--- Page 37 ---
35 
its highest point since 1991 at 53.8% attesting the hyperinflationary dimension of Argentina’s economy. In 
order to slow peso depreciation, and in response to the economic situation, the Argentinian government enacted 
a series of currency controls which require central bank permission to exchange pesos for foreign currency. In 
2022, most currencies depreciated against the U.S. dollar, in a context of rising inflation and interest rates, a 
trend which has continued in 2023. 
Currency devaluations, the imposition of new exchange controls or other similar restrictions on currency 
convertibility, or the tightening of existing controls in the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates could 
adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. See “Business overview— 
Government regulations—Key currency regulations and exchange controls” in the 2022 Form 20-F, 
“Operating and financial review—Impact of exchange rate movements” in the 2022 Form 20-F, 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the six months 
ended June 30, 2023— Impact of exchange rate movements” in the 2023 HY Report and “Analysis of results 
for 3Q 2023 versus 2Q 2023 and 3Q 2022” in the 9 November 2023 PR. 
The Significant Shareholder has the ability to exercise significant influence over the outcome of 
shareholder votes. 
At 30 June 2023, a trust (HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited, as trustee), of which Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal, Mrs. Usha 
Mittal and their children are the beneficiaries (referred to as the “Significant Shareholder”), beneficially 
owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) ordinary 
shares amounting to 330,534,323 in the aggregate (when aggregated with ordinary shares of ArcelorMittal 
held directly by Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal and Mrs. Usha Mittal), representing 41.04% of ArcelorMittal’s then 
outstanding shares. As a result, the Significant Shareholder has the ability to significantly influence the 
decisions adopted at the ArcelorMittal general meetings of shareholders, including matters involving mergers 
or other business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets, issuances of equity and obtaining 
funding through debt. The Significant Shareholder also has the ability to significantly influence a change of 
control of ArcelorMittal. For further information on the Company’s major shareholders, see “Shareholders 
and markets—Major shareholders” in the 2022 Form 20-F and “Corporate governance—Shareholders” in the 
2023 HY Report. 
ArcelorMittal is a holding company that depends on the earnings and cash flows of its operating 
subsidiaries, which may not be sufficient to meet future operational needs or for shareholder distributions, 
and loss-making subsidiaries may drain cash flow necessary for such needs or distributions. 
As a holding company, ArcelorMittal is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, and dividends and 
distributions from, its operating subsidiaries to pay expenses, meet its debt service obligations, pay any cash 
dividends or distributions on its ordinary shares or conduct share buy-backs. Cash and cash equivalents are 
primarily centralised at the parent level and are managed by ArcelorMittal Treasury SNC, although from time 
to time cash or cash equivalent balances may be held at the Company’s international subsidiaries or its holding 
companies. Some of these operating subsidiaries have debt outstanding or are subject to acquisition agreements 
that impose restrictions on such operating subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, but such restrictions are not 
significant in the context of ArcelorMittal’s overall liquidity. These subsidiaries may also experience operating 
difficulties that impact their cash flows. For example, ArcelorMittal South Africa has experienced significant 
difficulties in recent years, including significant outstanding debt, issues with market demands, supply chain 
disruptions, labour strikes, volatility of the rand vs. U.S. dollar, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
national lockdowns. Ongoing difficulties resulted in 2016 in a rights offering entirely underwritten by

--- Page 38 ---
36 
ArcelorMittal and an additional cash injection from ArcelorMittal, and the auditor reports for 2019 and 2020 
included a material uncertainty related to going concern. 
Repatriation of funds from operating subsidiaries may also be affected by tax and foreign exchange policies 
in place from time to time in the various countries where the Company operates, though none of these policies 
are currently significant in the context of ArcelorMittal’s overall liquidity. Under the laws of Luxembourg, 
ArcelorMittal will be able to pay dividends or distributions through income from industrial franchise fees or 
to the extent that it is entitled to receive cash dividend distributions from its subsidiaries, recognise gains from 
the sale of its assets or record share premium from the issuance of shares. 
If the earnings and cash flows of its operating subsidiaries are substantially reduced, ArcelorMittal may not be 
in a position to meet its operational needs or to make shareholder distributions in line with announced 
proposals. 
VI. Legal and regulatory risks 
ArcelorMittal is subject to strict environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could give rise 
to a significant increase in costs and liabilities. 
ArcelorMittal is subject to a broad range of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of 
the jurisdictions in which it operates. These laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent standards 
regarding general health and safety, air emissions, discharges of wastewater, the use, handling and 
transportation of hazardous, toxic or dangerous materials, waste disposal practices and the remediation of 
environmental contamination, and health and safety matters, among other things. The costs of complying with, 
and the imposition of liabilities pursuant to these laws and regulations can be significant, and compliance with 
new and more stringent obligations may require additional capital expenditures or modifications in operating 
practices. Failure to comply can result in civil and or criminal penalties being imposed, the suspension of 
permits, requirements to curtail or suspend operations and lawsuits by third parties. 
In the EU, the Industrial Emissions Directive (“IED”) defines the so called Best Available Techniques 
(“BAT”) and sets the ranges of values that need to be established as limits in the environmental permits. The 
BAT are also used in other regions as reference, and are periodically reviewed (in theory, an eight-year cycle) 
to ensure a continuous improvement of environmental performance. The European Commission has started 
the review of the IED, with a proposal published in April 2022, which aims at the strengthening of the 
permitting framework, supported by growing general concerns about the effects of pollution on the 
environment and human health. 
Despite ArcelorMittal’s efforts to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and 
monitor and reduce accidents at its facilities, health, safety and environmental incidents or accidents, including 
those involving serious injury or death, have occurred and may in the future occur. Such accidents could 
include explosions or gas leaks, fires or collapses in underground mining operations, crushing incidents, 
vehicular accidents, falls while working at heights, and other accidents involving mobile equipment, or 
exposure to radioactive or other potentially hazardous, toxic or dangerous materials, which could have 
significant adverse consequences for the Company’s workers and facilities, as well as the environment. For 
example, the Company’s previous operations in Kazakhstan suffered several fatal accidents, culminating most 
recently in the disastrous explosion at the Kostenko mine on 28 October 2023, resulting in 46 deaths. Accidents 
such as these have occurred despite the Company’s intensified focus over the past two years on improving 
safety across the Group.

--- Page 39 ---
37 
Certain of these incidents may result in costs and liabilities and negatively impact the Company’s reputation 
or the operations of the affected facilities. Such accidents could lead to production stoppages, loss of personnel, 
loss of key assets, or put at risk the Company’s employees (and those of sub-contractors and suppliers) or 
persons living near affected sites. Even if ArcelorMittal’s liability were to be covered by insurance, its 
insurance premium may rise as a result. See also “ArcelorMittal’s insurance policies provide limited coverage, 
potentially leaving it uninsured against some business risks.” In addition, any gap between community and 
worker expectations and ArcelorMittal’s environmental, health and safety perceived performance, as a result 
of any accidents, safety incidents or even the perception of potential safety or environmental issues, may 
negatively impact community relations, labour relations, customer relations and the Company’s reputation and 
result in disruptions to the Company’s operations. 
In addition, accidents may arise from the usage of certain types of equipment or from the adoption of operating 
practices that prove to be insufficiently safe or the failure to follow the Company’s standard operating 
procedures. Accidents may also be caused by human error, the lack of knowledge by its employees on what to 
do in a given situation or the inability of its employees to follow the prescribed protocols in a given situation. 
Working in remote or hazardous conditions, where it may be more difficult to mitigate the consequences of an 
accident or put in place certain preventative measures, may further increase such risks. In the past, the 
Company’s ability to conduct certain in-person health and safety training sessions for its employees was 
impeded by restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, which had negative effects on ArcelorMittal’s 
health and safety record. The occurrence of an accident also may lead to legal claims that seek to hold the 
Company liable, and it may not be successful in defending against such claims. 
ArcelorMittal also incurs costs and liabilities associated with the assessment and remediation of contaminated 
sites, and in its mining activities, those resulting from tailings and sludge disposal, effluent management, and 
rehabilitation of land disturbed during mining processes. In addition to the impact on current facilities and 
operations, environmental remediation obligations can give rise to substantial liabilities in respect of divested 
assets and past activities. This may also be the case for acquisitions when liabilities for past acts or omissions 
are not adequately reflected in the terms and price of the acquisition. ArcelorMittal could become subject to 
further remediation obligations in the future, as additional contamination is discovered or clean-up standards 
become more stringent. 
ArcelorMittal could become subject to unidentified liabilities in the future, such as those relating to 
uncontrolled tailings breaches or other future events or to underestimated emissions of polluting substances. 
For example, mining companies have incurred substantial liabilities in connection with the failure of tailing 
pond dams. In February 2019, the Company decided as a precautionary measure to implement its plan to 
evacuate the community situated downstream of its dormant Serra Azul tailing dam with a 5.8Mm3 tailings 
volume in Brazil. The decision was based on an updated site-based assessment following recent incidents in 
the Brazilian mining sector pending further testing and implementation of any necessary mitigation measures. 
Pursuant to the Complementary Agreement Term signed on 7 June 2021 between ArcelorMittal Brasil and the 
Federal and State Prosecutor Offices, ArcelorMittal Brasil is obligated to execute an action plan to ensure the 
stability, safety and decommissioning of the Serra Azul tailing dam (the “Serra Azul Project”). As of 31 
December 2022, the Company had recognised provisions amounting to $187 million for the Serra Azul Project. 
See “Business overview—Sustainable development—Safeguarding water resources” in the 2022 Form 20-F. 
At certain tailing pond dams, a risk of overfilling can result in costly evacuation of hazardous waste being 
required to avoid contamination of the site. 
ArcelorMittal’s operations may also be located in areas where individuals or communities could regard its 
activities as having a detrimental effect on their natural environment and conditions of life. Any actions taken

--- Page 40 ---
38 
by such individuals or communities in response to such concerns could compromise ArcelorMittal’s 
profitability or, in extreme cases, the viability of an operation or the development of new activities in the 
relevant region or country. 
For further information, see “Business overview—Government regulations—Health and safety laws and 
regulations” and “Business overview—Government regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” in the 
2022 Form 20-F, note 9.1 to the 2022 Financial Statements and note 9 to the 2023 HY Financials. 
Laws and regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases could force ArcelorMittal to incur 
increased capital and operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s results of 
operations, financial condition and reputation. 
Compliance with new and more stringent environmental obligations relating to GHG emissions may require 
additional capital expenditures or modifications in operating practices, as well as additional reporting 
obligations. The integrated steel process involves carbon and generates carbon dioxide (“CO2”), which 
distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries where CO2 generation is 
primarily linked to energy use. The EU has established GHG regulations and has revised its emission trading 
system (“ETS”) for the period after 2020 in a manner that is expected to require ArcelorMittal to incur 
additional costs to acquire emissions allowances, as discussed below. In July 2021, the European Climate Law 
was published, setting a new EU climate ambition target of at least a 55% reduction in GHG emissions in 2030 
versus 1990 (compared with the current ambition of a 40% reduction) and reaching carbon neutrality by 2050. 
In July 2021, the European Commission published the so called “Fit for 55” package aimed at aligning the 
EU’s climate, energy, land use, transport and taxation policies with the 2030 ambition set by the European 
Climate Law. On April 25, 2023, the EU adopted five pieces of legislation as part of the “Fit for 55” package, 
including a revision of the ETS Directive, a revision of the ETS Aviation Directive, an amendment of the 
monitoring, reporting, and verification shipping regulation, the adoption of a regulation establishing a Social 
Climate Fund and the adoption of a regulation establishing a carbon border adjustment mechanism (“CBAM”). 
The new laws are all interconnected, and they combine: tightening and extending of the existing ETS; increased 
use of renewable energy; greater energy efficiency; a faster roll-out of low emission transport modes and the 
infrastructure and fuels to support them; an alignment of taxation policies with the European Green Deal 
objectives; a CBAM to prevent carbon leakage; and tools to preserve and grow natural carbon sinks. Of 
particular relevance are the ETS and CBAM regulations that will impact the carbon emissions allowances from 
the second trading period of Phase IV (i.e., 2026-2030) onwards. The CBAM Regulation entered into force on 
May 17, 2023 and the other regulations entered into force on June 5, 2023. ArcelorMittal will likely incur 
additional costs in future periods to acquire emissions allowances beginning in 2026 due to the planned phase-
out of the free allocation of CO2 emissions as from such date. The financial impact on ArcelorMittal, in 
particular the extent of margin squeeze, will depend on many factors, including actual CO2 market prices, 
hedging, the pace of ArcelorMittal's decarbonisation of its European steel production, the effectiveness of the 
CBAM and the amount of premiums customers may be willing to pay for decarbonised steel. 
Other jurisdictions have also started to enact similar regulations, including South Africa, where a CO2 tax 
system was introduced in 2019. 
Other regulations have been implemented in Argentina, Ukraine and Canada and additional measures may be 
enacted in the future in other jurisdictions, further increasing the complexity of compliance with environmental 
laws and regulations. 
Following the international agreement reached by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change in December 2015 with the aim to implement the necessary drivers to achieve drastic reductions of

--- Page 41 ---
39 
carbon emissions (the “Paris Agreement”), the environmental regulatory system has become more complex 
worldwide and the Company has taken steps to reduce its emission footprint, which in 2021 totalled 
approximately 139 million tonnes of CO2, through various research and development initiatives, and 
announced in July 2021 a 2030 global carbon emissions intensity reduction target of 25%, an increase in its 
European 2030 carbon emissions intensity reduction target to 35% from 30% previously announced. These 
targets cover both Scope 1 and 2 emissions and are set against the Company’s 2018 baseline. In addition, in 
September 2020, ArcelorMittal made a Group-wide commitment to becoming carbon neutral by 2050. 
Whether in the form of a national or international cap-and-trade emissions permit system, a carbon tax or 
acquisition of emission rights at market prices, emissions controls, reporting requirements, or other regulatory 
initiatives, such environmental regulations could have a negative effect on ArcelorMittal’s production levels, 
income and cash flows. These laws could also negatively affect the Company’s suppliers and customers, which 
could translate into higher costs and lower sales. In particular, the European Commission’s decision to further 
reduce the allocation of CO2 emission rights to companies (as discussed above) could negatively impact the 
global steel industry, as the amount of such rights is currently insufficient to satisfy technically achievable 
operating conditions. CO2 emissions regulations have already resulted in increased costs in Europe, and 
ArcelorMittal expects costs will continue to increase with the implementation of Phase IV of the ETS that 
started in 2021 and that has seen EU allowances prices increase significantly compared to 2020 levels. In 
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences caused a decline in production at most EU 
sites in 2020. Given that, under Phase IV rules, the activity levels from 2020 have an effect on the calculation 
of the allocations in 2021 and 2022 and also on the second trading period of Phase IV (2026-2030), lower 
production levels might lead to reduced allocations. 
Furthermore, many developing nations have not yet instituted significant GHG regulations, and the Paris 
Agreement specifically recognises that GHG emissions will peak later in developing countries. As the Intended 
Nationally Determined Contributions (“INDC”) for developing nations under the Paris Agreement may be 
less stringent than for developed nations in light of different national circumstances, ArcelorMittal may be at 
a competitive disadvantage relative to steelmakers having more or all of their production in developing 
countries. Depending on the extent of the difference between the requirements in developed regions (such as 
Europe) and developing regions (such as China or the CIS), this competitive disadvantage could be severe and 
render production in the developed region structurally unprofitable. High carbon costs in combination with 
weakening demand, rising imports, high energy costs and high iron ore prices was one of the factors underlying 
the Company’s decision to implement production cuts in Europe in 2019 and in the second half of 2022. To 
address the resulting competitive disadvantage compared to imports, which is expected to increase in the future 
absent government intervention, the Company has been advocating vis-à-vis the European Commission to 
introduce a CBAM to the safeguard measures on steel imports in order to ensure that imports into Europe face 
the same carbon costs as producers in Europe. The CBAM has established a transition period of 1 October 
2023 to 31 December 2025, during which there will be no financial obligation besides the possibility of 
penalties being imposed for failures to report. As from 2026 free allocation of CO2 emissions allowances will 
be progressively phased out, with no free allocation to be granted as from 2034. 
This would contribute to a very significant shortage in free allocation in the later years of the second trading 
period of Phase IV. This could result in the Company incurring significant additional costs to acquire emissions 
allowances, the purchase of which may or may not be effectively hedged in the future. The financial impact will 
also depend on the evolution of the allowances price and the Company’s parallel progress in decarbonisation, 
the cost of which may also be higher than currently expected. In addition, the effectiveness of the CBAM 
proposal against carbon leakage is untested, the provisions to address circumvention risks, including resource 
shuffling and cost absorption seem insufficient, and no solution for exports has been yet considered. In addition,

--- Page 42 ---
40 
CBAM will be set up to equalise the price of carbon paid for EU products operating under the EU ETS and for 
imported goods by requiring companies that import into the EU to purchase so-called CBAM certificates to pay 
the difference between the carbon price paid in the country of production and the price of carbon allowances in 
the EU ETS. 
In addition, as regulators and investors increasingly focus on climate change issues, the Company is exposed 
to the risk of frameworks and regulations being adopted that are ill-adapted to its operations. For example, the 
most established framework for carbon pricing and emissions trading schemes is currently the European 
Union’s ETS discussed above. As mentioned above, the Company has highlighted the importance that a 
CBAM be included in this system in order to avoid competitive distortions such as European steel becoming 
overpriced due to European carbon policy, prompting the market to outsource its steel from other regions 
where carbon is less expensive. The European Climate Law requires the Commission to present a legislative 
proposal of a Union 2040 target within six months of the global stocktake, expected in the first quarter of 
2024. Preparatory works have started and the Scientific Advisory Board has advised a 2040 target range of a 
90-95% reduction of emissions compared to 1990. It is expected that such a target would trigger a further 
review of the ETS cap, likely leading to a tightened market that might drive higher prices for allowances. 
With respect to investors, the European Union has reached a political agreement on a package of measures to 
implement key actions with respect to its sustainable finance plan, and, in June 2020, the European 
Commission published the EU Taxonomy for Sustainable Finance, a unified classification system to define 
what can be considered an environmentally sustainable economic activity, as a step in the efforts to channel 
investments into sustainable activities by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to 
meeting the EU’s environmental objectives. The Taxonomy Delegated Act on climate mitigation and 
adaptation criteria is effective as of 1 January 2022. Delegated Acts for the four other environmental objectives 
have been published, but do not include manufacturing of steel as an eligible activity. A proposal for a 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”), which envisages the adoption of EU sustainability 
reporting standards to be developed by the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (“EFRAG”), with 
such standards to be tailored to EU policies building on and contributing to international standardisation 
initiatives, was adopted by the European Parliament on 10 November 2022 and by the Council on 28 November 
2022. The CSRD applies to ArcelorMittal as from 1 January 2024. The SEC has also proposed new climate 
change disclosure requirements. In July 2023 the Commission published the proposal of Delegated Regulation 
containing the sustainability reporting standards, developed by EFRAG. The standards require a massive and 
detailed amount of quantitative and qualitative information to be prepared and disclosed. If based on the 
information that will be disclosed, financial institutions or other stakeholders, including the public, begin to 
view investments in steel and mining as undesirable, it may become more difficult and/or more expensive for 
the Company to obtain financing. While the Company has taken significant steps and continues to adapt its 
operations in light of climate change and the need for sustainability, such steps may not be in line with future 
frameworks or regulations or market views of investment suitability. Moreover, the Company may in the future 
face increasing shareholder activism and/or litigation in relation to sustainability matters. See also “The 
Group’s carbon emissions intensity reduction targets are based on current assumptions with respect to the 
costs, government and societal support for the reduction of carbon emissions in particular regions and the 
advancement of technology and infrastructure related to the reduction of carbon emissions over time, which 
may not correspond in the future to ArcelorMittal’s current assumptions and may render its targets more costly, 
more difficult, or even impossible, to achieve.” 
For further information on environmental laws and regulations and how they affect the Company’s operations, 
see “Business overview—Government regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” in the 2022 Form 
20-F and note 9.1 to the 2022 Financial Statements.

--- Page 43 ---
41 
The income tax liability of ArcelorMittal may substantially increase if the tax laws and regulations in 
countries in which it operates change or become subject to adverse interpretations or inconsistent 
enforcement. 
Taxes payable by companies in many of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates are substantial and 
include value-added tax, excise duties, profit taxes, payroll-related taxes, property taxes, mining taxes and 
other taxes. Tax laws and regulations in some of these countries may be subject to frequent change, varying 
interpretation and inconsistent enforcement. Ineffective tax collection systems and national or local 
government budget requirements may increase the likelihood of the imposition of arbitrary or onerous taxes 
and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s financial condition and results of 
operations. In addition to the usual tax burden imposed on taxpayers, these conditions create uncertainty as to 
the tax implications of various business decisions. This uncertainty could expose ArcelorMittal to significant 
fines and penalties and to enforcement measures despite its best efforts at compliance, and could result in a 
greater than expected tax burden. See note 10 to the 2022 Financial Statements and note 6 to the 2023 HY 
Financials. 
In addition, many of the jurisdictions in which ArcelorMittal operates have adopted transfer pricing legislation. 
If tax authorities impose significant additional tax liabilities as a result of transfer pricing adjustments, it could 
have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s financial condition and results of operations. 
It is possible that tax authorities in the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates will introduce additional 
revenue raising measures. The introduction of any such provisions may affect the overall tax efficiency of 
ArcelorMittal and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. Any such additional tax 
exposure could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 
ArcelorMittal may face a significant increase in its income taxes if tax rates increase or the tax laws or 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates, or treaties between those jurisdictions, are modified in an 
adverse manner. This may adversely affect ArcelorMittal’s cash flows, liquidity and ability to pay dividends. 
ArcelorMittal is subject to economic policy, military, political, social and legal risks and uncertainties in 
the emerging markets in which it operates or proposes to operate, and these uncertainties may have a 
material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
ArcelorMittal operates, or proposes to operate, in a large number of emerging markets. In recent years, many 
of these countries have implemented measures aimed at improving the business environment and providing a 
stable platform for economic development. ArcelorMittal’s business strategy has been developed partly on the 
assumption that this modernisation, restructuring and upgrading of the business climate and physical 
infrastructure will continue, but this cannot be guaranteed. Any slowdown in the development of these 
economies could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects, as could insufficient investment by government agencies or the private sector in 
physical infrastructure. For example, the failure of a country to develop reliable electricity and natural gas 
supplies and networks, and any resulting shortages or rationing, could lead to disruptions in ArcelorMittal’s 
production. 
Moreover, some of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates have been undergoing substantial political 
transformations from centrally controlled command economies to market-oriented systems or from 
authoritarian regimes to democratically elected governments and vice-versa. Political, economic and legal 
reforms necessary to complete such transformation may not progress sufficiently. On occasion, ethnic, 
religious, historical and other divisions have given rise to tensions and, in certain cases, wide-scale civil

--- Page 44 ---
42 
disturbances and military conflict. The political systems in these countries are vulnerable to their populations’ 
dissatisfaction with their government, reforms or the lack thereof, social and ethnic unrest and changes in 
governmental policies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects and its ability to continue to do business in these countries. The 
prospect of further unrest and resulting political or economic destabilisation cannot be ruled out. Furthermore, 
certain of ArcelorMittal’s operations are also located in areas where acute drug-related violence (including 
executions and kidnappings of non-gang civilians) occurs and the largest drug cartels operate, such as the 
states of Michoacán, Sinaloa and Sonora in Mexico. 
Certain emerging markets where ArcelorMittal has operations have experienced or are experiencing 
particularly difficult operating conditions. In Brazil, for example, despite a strong rebound post pandemic, 
GDP is still below its first quarter of 2014 peak amid continued political uncertainty. Economic growth in 
South Africa has been weak since entering a recession in the second quarter of 2018, and prior to this recession, 
the South African steel and mining industries have been subject to a challenging operating environment 
characterised by lower local demand, increased cheap imports and higher costs, resulting in losses in recent 
years for ArcelorMittal South Africa. Many emerging markets are also at risk of economic crises (be it external 
debt, currency, domestic corporate, household or public debt crises) usually brought on by an economic or 
political shock which can exacerbate existing domestic structural imbalances. Crises in Argentina and Turkey 
in 2018/19 were examples and had negative impacts on the Company’s core markets in Brazil and the EU, 
respectively. Other countries at risk of further economic crises include Turkey (renewed external debt/Lira 
crisis and a sharp downturn in domestic demand), South Africa (in relation to its public debt), Ukraine (external 
debt), Brazil (long term public debt sustainability) and to a lesser extent India (again in relation to its public 
debt). 
Finally, ArcelorMittal’s operations in certain countries may be affected by military conflicts. The current 
situation in Ukraine, where the Company has substantial operations, is an example. See “Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine, international reaction to it (in particular in the form of sanctions) and any regional or global escalation 
of the conflict, could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.” 
In addition, epidemics and/or pandemics may affect ArcelorMittal’s operations in certain regions and, in some 
cases, globally. See “Disruptions to ArcelorMittal’s manufacturing processes and mining operations caused 
for example by equipment failures, natural disasters, accidents, epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical conflicts 
or extreme weather events could adversely affect its operations, customer service levels and financial results 
and liabilities” above. 
Moreover, the legal systems in some of the countries in which ArcelorMittal operates remain less than fully 
developed, particularly with respect to the independence of the judiciary, property rights, the protection of 
foreign investment and bankruptcy proceedings, generally resulting in a lower level of legal certainty or 
security for foreign investment than in more developed countries. ArcelorMittal may encounter difficulties in 
enforcing court judgments or arbitral awards in some countries in which it operates because, among other 
reasons, those countries may not be parties to treaties that recognise the mutual enforcement of court 
judgments. Assets in certain countries where ArcelorMittal operates could also be at risk of expropriation or 
nationalisation, and compensation for such assets may be below fair value. For example, in December 2023 
ArcelorMittal announced that the Company had completed the sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau, its Kazakh steel 
and mining operation, to the Qazaqstan Investment Corporation (“QIC”), a state-controlled direct investment 
fund of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The sale involves the transfer of ownership to the QIC of all ArcelorMittal 
Temirtau assets, which were recorded on ArcelorMittal’s balance sheet as of September 30, 2023 at a value of 
$1.8 billion. See the 8 December 2023 PR and the 9 November 2023 PR. In addition, the Venezuelan

--- Page 45 ---
43 
government has implemented a number of selective nationalisations of companies operating in the country to 
date. Although ArcelorMittal believes that the long-term growth potential in emerging markets is strong, and 
intends them to be the focus of the majority of its near-term growth capital expenditures, legal obstacles could 
have a material adverse effect on the implementation of ArcelorMittal’s growth plans and its operations in 
such countries. 
ArcelorMittal is subject to an extensive, complex and evolving regulatory framework which may expose it 
and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates to investigations by governmental authorities, litigation 
and fines, in relation, among other things, to antitrust and compliance matters. The resolution of such 
matters could negatively affect the Company’s strategy, operations, profitability and cash flows in a 
particular period or harm its reputation. 
ArcelorMittal’s business encompasses multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory frameworks, including 
in relation to antitrust, and economic sanctions, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering matters. Laws and 
regulations in these areas are complex and constantly evolving and enforcement of them continues to increase. 
ArcelorMittal may as a result become subject to increasing limitations on its business activities and to the risk 
of fines or other sanctions for non-compliance. From time to time, the Company is subject to review by 
authorities that monitor market power in any of the markets in which it operates. To the extent that 
ArcelorMittal is deemed by relevant authorities to exhibit significant market power, it can be subject to various 
regulatory obligations and restrictions, such as disposing of assets or granting access to its operations to third 
parties or being prevented from completing acquisitions, which could thereby adversely affect its results of 
operations and profitability. As a result of its position in the steel industry and its historical growth through 
acquisitions, ArcelorMittal could be subject to governmental investigations and lawsuits by private parties 
based on antitrust laws. These could require significant expenditures and result in liabilities or governmental 
orders that could have a material adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business, operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. ArcelorMittal and certain of its subsidiaries are currently under investigation by 
governmental entities in several countries, and are named as defendants in a number of lawsuits relating to 
various antitrust matters. Antitrust proceedings, investigations and follow-on claims involving ArcelorMittal 
subsidiaries are currently pending in various countries, including Brazil and Spain. See note 9.3 to the 2022 
Financial Statements and note 14 to the 2023 HY Financials. Because of the fact-intensive nature of the issues 
involved and the inherent uncertainty of such litigation and investigations, the nature of the resolutions of such 
proceedings are difficult to forecast but negative outcomes are possible. An adverse ruling in the proceedings 
described above or in other similar proceedings in the future could subject ArcelorMittal to substantial 
administrative penalties and/or civil damages. No assurance can be given that the Company will not be 
identified as having significant market power in any relevant markets in the future and that it will not be subject 
to additional regulatory requirements. 
ArcelorMittal’s governance and compliance processes, which include the review of internal controls over 
financial reporting as well as a Code of Business Conduct and other rules and protocols for the conduct of 
business, may not prevent breaches of laws and regulations or internal policies relating to compliance matters 
at ArcelorMittal or its subsidiaries, as well as to instances of non-compliant behaviour by its employees, 
contractors or other agents. This risk is also present at ArcelorMittal’s joint ventures and associates where 
ArcelorMittal has a non-controlling stake and does not control governance practices or accounting and 
reporting procedures. 
Unfavourable outcomes in current and potential future litigation and investigations relating to anti-trust and 
compliance matters could reduce ArcelorMittal’s liquidity and negatively affect its profitability, cash flows, 
results of operations and financial condition, as well as harm its reputation.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
ArcelorMittal is currently and in the future may be subject to legal proceedings or product liability claims, 
the resolution of which could negatively affect the Company’s profitability and cash flows in a particular 
period. 
ArcelorMittal’s profitability or cash flows in a particular period could be affected by adverse rulings in current 
and future legal proceedings against the Company. See note 9.3 to the 2022 Financial Statements and note 14 
to the 2023 HY Financials. 
In addition, ArcelorMittal sells products to major manufacturers engaged in manufacturing and selling a wide 
range of end products, including products used in certain safety-critical applications, such as, for example, 
pipes used in gas or oil pipelines and in automotive applications. ArcelorMittal also from time to time offers 
advice to these manufacturers. There could be significant consequential damages resulting from the use of or 
defects in such products. While ArcelorMittal has a limited amount of product liability insurance coverage, a 
major claim for damages related to ArcelorMittal products sold and, as the case may be, advice given in 
connection with such products, could leave ArcelorMittal uninsured against a portion or the entirety of such 
an award and materially harm its financial condition and future operating results. 
Changes to global data privacy laws and cross-border personal data transfer requirements could adversely 
affect ArcelorMittal’s business and operations. 
ArcelorMittal’s business depends on the transfer of data between its affiliated entities, to and from its business 
partners, and with third-party service providers, which may be subject to global data privacy laws and cross-
border transfer restrictions. While ArcelorMittal takes steps to comply with these legal requirements, the 
volatility and changes to the applicability of those laws, as well as evolving standards and judicial and 
regulatory interpretations of such laws may impact ArcelorMittal’s ability to effectively transfer data across 
borders in support of its business operations that may lead to possible administrative, civil, or criminal liability, 
as well as reputational harm to the Company and its employees. ArcelorMittal has taken actions necessary to 
comply with the GDPR, which became enforceable on 25 May 2018, including the adoption of the Binding 
Corporate Rules, designed to allow ArcelorMittal to transfer personal data from the EU and the EEA to its 
affiliates located outside of the EU/EEA in compliance with the GDPR. The GDPR creates a range of 
compliance obligations for subject companies and increases financial penalties for non-compliance. Other 
countries in which ArcelorMittal operates or has a presence such as Brazil, India and South Africa have or are 
in the process of adopting similar legislation for the protection of personal information. Ensuring compliance 
will require investments to improve business processes, IT solutions and security solutions. The costs of 
compliance with GDPR and similar legislation for the protection of personal data and the potential for fines 
and penalties in the event of a breach of these laws may have an adverse effect on ArcelorMittal’s business 
and operations. 
Risks Related to the Notes  
I. Risks related to the market for the notes and credit ratings 
An active market for the Notes may not develop. 
Application has been made for certain Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Notes 
issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes already issued). If the Notes are traded

--- Page 47 ---
45 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such admission to trading 
may not occur, a particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed and admitted or an active trading market 
may not develop. Accordingly, there may be no development of, nor liquidity in, any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes, or, if one does develop, that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for 
the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading 
volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose 
of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, 
the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a 
discount to the nominal value of the Notes.  
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity as described in Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase) and the Issuer may issue further Notes as described in Condition 17 (Further 
Issues). Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. 
Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or 
guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
The Issuer is rated by S&P and Moody’s (see “ArcelorMittal has a substantial amount of indebtedness, which 
could make it more difficult or expensive to refinance its maturing debt, incur new debt and/or flexibly manage 
its business and the market’s perception of ArcelorMittal’s leverage may affect its share price” above). In 
addition, Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as any rating assigned to the Programme. 
The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of any applicable credit 
ratings (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the 
Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may 
not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease, in particular if any of the applicable credit ratings deteriorate, and (iii) investors may lose all or 
part of their investment.  
II. Risks related to the noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may adversely affect a recovery by the holders of the Notes.  
The Issuer is a Luxembourg company. Luxembourg insolvency laws may make it more difficult for holders of 
the Notes to effect a restructuring of the Issuer or to recover the amount they would have recovered in a 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceeding in other jurisdictions.  
The Luxembourg law of 7 August 2023 on business preservation and modernisation of insolvency law and 
transposing Directive 2019/1023 on restructuring and insolvency proceedings (the “Insolvency 
Modernisation Law”), modernised the Luxembourg legal framework for insolvency and restructuring 
procedures. Today, there are a number of different insolvency regimes and restructuring procedures under 
Luxembourg law.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
The out-of-court arrangement (accord amiable) is a procedure where a debtor may propose to its creditors (at 
least two of them) an arrangement with the purpose of reorganising all or part of its assets or activities. This 
arrangement executed outside of legal proceedings then needs to be approved by a court. 
The suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) is a corporate rescue procedure, whereby one or more 
commissioners is/are appointed by the court to oversee the management of the company during the suspension 
of payments period. 
Two other corporate rescue procedures, (i) controlled management (gestion contrôlée) and (ii) moratorium 
(concordat préventif de faillite), were abolished by the Insolvency Modernisation Law. These two corporate 
rescue procedures no longer apply. 
The judicial reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire) may be pursued for three different objectives (which 
may vary for different segments of the business and may change during the course of the procedure), 
specifically: (i) obtaining a standstill during a period of four months (which can be extended) to enable an out-
of-court arrangement to be reached with creditors. During the standstill, no enforcement of the debtor’s claims 
may be pursued or exercised against its assets, no seizure may be carried out and the debtor may suspend the 
performance of his contractual obligations if the restructuring so requires (except for employment contracts 
and contracts for successive performance); (ii) obtaining the agreement of creditors on a restructuring plan for 
a maximum period of five years. The plan may include a maximum 24-month suspension of payment. Creditors 
will vote on the plan which will then have to be approved by a court; or (iii) enabling any part of the assets or 
business of the distressed debtor to be transferred by a court-appointed agent who will organise and complete 
the transfer of the assets or business. 
Bankruptcy proceedings (faillite) are primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its 
creditors. A judgment in bankruptcy proceedings (faillite) has the effect of removing the power from a 
company to manage its assets and of stopping all attachment or garnishment proceedings brought by unsecured 
or non-privileged creditors. However, this type of judgment has no effect on creditors holding certain forms 
of security, such as pledges on certain types of assets. A secured creditor holding a pledge can retain possession 
of the pledged assets or can enforce its security interest if an event of default has occurred under the security 
agreement. Similarly, the procedure of suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and the judicial 
reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire), once approved, have no effect on creditors who, having secured 
claims, did not participate in the proceedings and did not, therefore, waive their rights or priority, mortgages 
or pledges. These creditors may continue to act against the debtor in order to obtain payment of their claims 
and they may enforce their rights, obtain attachments and obtain the sale of the assets securing their claims.  
A recovery under Luxembourg law, therefore, could involve a sale of the assets of the debtor in a manner that 
does not reflect the going concern value of the debtor. Consequently, Luxembourg insolvency laws could 
preclude or inhibit the ability of the holders of the Notes to effect a restructuring of the Issuer and could reduce 
their recovery in a Luxembourg insolvency proceeding.  
In connection with Luxembourg bankruptcy proceedings, the assets of a debtor are generally liquidated and 
the proceeds distributed to the debtor’s creditors on the basis of the relative claims of those creditors and their 
ranking, and certain parties (such as secured creditors) will have special rights that may adversely affect the 
interests of holders of the Notes. The claim of a creditor may be limited depending on the date the claim 
becomes due and payable in accordance with its terms. Each of these claims will have to be resubmitted to the 
Issuer’s receiver to be verified by the receiver. Any dispute as to the valuation of claims will be subject to 
court proceedings. These verification procedures could cause holders of the Notes to recover less than the 
principal amount of their Notes or less than they could recover in a liquidation governed by the laws of another

--- Page 49 ---
47 
jurisdiction. Such verification procedures could also cause payments to the holders of the Notes to be delayed 
compared with holders of undisputed claims. 
The Issuer’s ability to make debt service payments depends on its ability to transfer income and dividends 
from its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company with no significant assets other than direct and indirect interests in the many 
subsidiaries through which it conducts operations. A number of the Issuer’s subsidiaries are located in 
countries that may impose regulations restricting the payment of dividends outside of the country through 
exchange control regulations. 
Furthermore, the continued transfer to the Issuer of dividends and other income from its subsidiaries is in some 
cases limited by various credit or other contractual arrangements and/or tax constraints, which could make 
such payments difficult or costly. If in the future these restrictions are increased or if the Issuer is otherwise 
unable to ensure the continued transfer of dividends and other income to it from these subsidiaries, its ability 
to respect its payment obligations in respect of the Notes will be impaired. 
In addition, the Notes do not restrict the Issuer or its subsidiaries from incurring additional unsubordinated 
debt or guaranteeing any debt of others in the future. 
Since the Issuer conducts its operations through subsidiaries, investors’ right to receive payments on the 
Notes is subordinated to the other liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company which is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, and dividends and 
distributions from, its operating subsidiaries to meet its debt servicing obligations. The Issuer’s subsidiaries 
are not guarantors of the Notes. Moreover, these subsidiaries are not required and may not be able to pay 
dividends to the Issuer. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are not bound by obligations under the Notes. Claims of the 
creditors of the Issuer’s subsidiaries have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over the claims of the 
Noteholders. Consequently, Noteholders are in effect structurally subordinated on insolvency to the prior 
claims of the creditors of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
ArcelorMittal is not restricted in its ability to dispose of its assets by the terms of the Notes. 
The Conditions contain a negative pledge that prohibits ArcelorMittal and its Material Subsidiaries (as defined 
therein) from creating security over assets to secure other Notes or similar debt instruments, unless 
ArcelorMittal creates similar security over the Notes. However, ArcelorMittal is generally permitted to sell or 
otherwise dispose of its assets to another corporation or other entity under the terms of the Notes. ArcelorMittal 
is also generally permitted to create security over its assets to secure other notes or similar debt instruments in 
certain circumstances (for example, in the case of “Permitted Security” as defined in Condition 2 
(Interpretation)). If ArcelorMittal decides to dispose of its assets, holders of the Notes will generally not be 
entitled to declare an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, and those assets will no longer be available to 
support payments on the Notes. 
III. Risks related to the structure or features of the Notes 
Change of Law. 
The Conditions are governed by English law and EU rules in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change in English law or the official 
application or interpretation of English law or in EU rules or their administrative practice, official application

--- Page 50 ---
48 
or interpretation after the date of this Base Prospectus. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or 
the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and could have negative 
repercussions on the Noteholders’ investment in the Notes.  
Modification and waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. The provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Therefore, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders could modify the Conditions in a way that 
could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or 
permanently or by amending the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. 
These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the market value of the Notes.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, 
including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. 
If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest 
or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder 
whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to issuer risk. 
As purchasers of foreign currency Notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange rates. 
This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the issuer or the type of Note being issued. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions 9(b) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons). Such early redemption would be at their principal amount with accrued interest (if any) to the date

--- Page 51 ---
49 
set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding for Luxembourg taxes. As a consequence of such early redemption the yields received 
upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the 
purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
In addition to the right of the Issuer to purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price in 
accordance with applicable regulations, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer including Condition 9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), 
Condition 9(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price 
of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such a case, part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. 
Furthermore, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able 
to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes 
could limit the market value of such Notes. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption before the date set in the relevant Final Terms as 
the date from which the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised (the "Residual Maturity Exercise 
Date"), the calculation of the Make-whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference to the relevant 
Residual Maturity Exercise Date rather than the relevant Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the Residual Maturity Exercise Date 
(rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a 
Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Amount calculated 
pursuant to the Conditions for Series of Notes where a Residual Maturity Call Option has not been specified. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option at the option of the Issuer (Condition 9(f) (Clean-Up 
Call Option) there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 75 per cent. threshold 
referred to therein has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up 
Call Option at the option of the Issuer the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns. 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, either 
at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 9(i) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event), Condition 9(j) (Offer to

--- Page 52 ---
50 
Purchase upon a Change of Control) or following an Event of Default (as provided in Condition 12), any 
trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid 
which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys 
they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
“benchmarks”. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) and other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national, international and other 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented, and the effect of any such reforms on the benchmarks are not predicable. Following 
their implementation, the manner of the administration or determination of such benchmarks may change with 
the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or their calculation method may be revised, or 
they could be eliminated entirely. In particular, in 2019, the method of determination of EURIBOR was 
changed by its administrator, the European Money Markets Institute (the “EMMI”). Due to the change in 
method, historical trends with respect to EURIBOR may not be indicative of trends that might apply on the 
basis of the new determination method. 
Any of these changes could have a negative impact on the value of and return on Notes linked to benchmarks. 
In the EU, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to 
certain transitional provisions, the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark. In the UK, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation provide, amongst other things, that 
administrators of benchmarks in the EU (such as the EMMI which currently administers EURIBOR) and in 
the UK, respectively, must be authorised by or registered with the relevant regulators and that they must 
comply with a code of conduct designed primarily to ensure reliability of input data, governing issues such as 
conflicts of interest, internal controls and benchmark methodologies. These regulations could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. Specifically, although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it 
will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.

--- Page 53 ---
51 
The provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation were amended in particular by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”) which 
applies as of 13 February 2021 and introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of financial markets in the 
European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt 
the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their cessation or 
wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union or pose a 
systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks designated as critical in a 
Member State by national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts and financial instruments which 
do not contain fallback provisions or suitable fallback provisions and have not been renegotiated before the 
date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly 
diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to 
measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated.  
The statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark. However, the European Commission is expected to 
publish implementing acts under the Amending Regulation. Therefore, uncertainty remains as to the 
implementation of the statutory replacement of benchmarks as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks were extended until the end of 2025 by the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. 
It is not possible to predict the effect of any reforms to benchmarks. The elimination of any benchmark, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any 
other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to any such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks posed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR has a limited history and, as the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect 
on the return on or value of any SOFR-based Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 7(e), the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate of Interest is 
Compounded SOFR plus or minus a Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). SOFR is a secured rate 
that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time from 
an unsecured rate. Publication of SOFR began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. Investors 
should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a new reference rate in the capital 
markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term). As a result, the future performance of SOFR

--- Page 54 ---
52 
may be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance and the level of SOFR during the term 
of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in 
the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Investors should therefore not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR, as the return on and value of Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR may fluctuate more 
than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Moreover, the nascent development of 
Compounded Daily SOFR rates as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SOFR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate. The use of 
Compounded Daily SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing Compounded Daily SOFR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application 
of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, 
the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in 
the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the interest 
rate provisions, may evolve over time, particularly because SOFR is a relatively new market index, and trading 
prices of Notes linked to SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. 
Similarly, if SOFR does not remain a commonly used rate in securities like the Notes, the trading price of any 
Notes linked to SOFR may be lower, and the trading market of such Notes less liquid, than those of Notes 
linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell Notes linked to SOFR at all or may 
not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
more developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. 
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference Period 
and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact 
the liquidity of the Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR. 
In relation to any Notes linked to SOFR, The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may after the relevant Issue Date make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In

--- Page 55 ---
53 
addition, the administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
specified in Condition 7(e) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA. 
Where, pursuant to Condition 7(d), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, investors should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average 
SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The nascent development of Compounded 
Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of 
SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on 
Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest 
Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that 
reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivative and 
loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate. The Bank 
of England (or any successor) as administrators of SONIA may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication 
of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
SONIA (in which case a fallback method for determining the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 
7(e) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any SONIA.  
If the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, the rate of interest of the affected Floating Rate Notes will 
be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent 
of such holders be obtained.  
Pursuant to the Conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date  that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the Issuer shall appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will (i) use the substitute or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards or (ii) if no such public selection has occurred, determine a substitute or successor rate 
which is substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate 
(the “Replacement Reference Rate”). Absent manifest error, the determination of the Replacement Reference

--- Page 56 ---
54 
Rate, including any necessary adjustment factors thereto, by the Reference Rate Determination Agent shall be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
It is possible that, if a Reference Rate is discontinued, it will take some time before a clear successor rate is 
established in the market. Accordingly, the Conditions provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the 
designation of a Replacement Reference Rate, if a new Benchmark Event occurs with respect to such 
Replacement Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate Determination Agent considers that such Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint a new Reference Rate Determination Agent (which 
may or may not be the same entity as the original agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate (despite the continued existence of 
the initial Replacement Reference Rate, if applicable). If the newly appointed or reappointed Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, 
then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged.  
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued 
benchmark. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical 
and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. There can be no assurance that any adjustment factor 
applied to any Series of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate 
of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into 
hedging instruments based on the relevant Reference Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they 
may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer but for any reason a Replacement 
Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from 
any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be adversely affected.  
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher 
losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
55 
Conversion from a fixed to floating interest rate will affect the secondary market and market value of the 
Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.  Any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
IV. Risks related to tax treatment of an investment in the Notes 
Taxation. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to 
rely upon the taxation sections contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following information (the “Information Incorporated by Reference”) shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
• 
The consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto and the independent auditors’ 
report) of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (set out on pages 276 to 400 
of the 2022 annual report dated 8 March 2023 (the “2022 Annual Report”)) (the “2022 Financial 
Statements”) 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/obsd1lud/annual-report-
2022.pdf). 
• 
The consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto and the independent auditors’ 
report) of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 (set out on pages 241 to 365 
of the 2021 annual report dated 11 March 2022 (the “2021 Annual Report”)) (the “2021 Financial 
Statements”) 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/xm4blr5z/annual-report-
combined-2021.pdf).  
• 
The annual report on Form 20-F of ArcelorMittal in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (File 
No. 001-35788), which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on 8 
March 2023 (the “2022 Form 20-F”), save that the following information contained in the 2022 Form 
20-F shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus: (a) ArcelorMittal’s 
financial statements, the independent auditors’ reports thereon and the exhibits set out on pages 280 
to 404; (b) the section entitled “Risk Factors” on pages 20 to 46, (c) the information included under 
“Reserves and Resources (iron ore and coal)” on pages 124 to 150; (d) the section entitled “Outlook” 
on pages 195 to 196; and (e) the information and auditor’s report on internal control over financial 
reporting included under Item 15 “Controls and Procedures” on pages 270 to 272 (available at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/wohldocg/arcelor-mittal-annual-report-on-form-20-f-
2022.pdf).   
• 
ArcelorMittal’s interim financial report for the half-year ended 30 June 2023 published by 
ArcelorMittal on 28 July 2023 (the “2023 HY Report”), which includes ArcelorMittal’s Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the “2023 HY 
Financials”), save that the sections “Message from the CFO”, “Trend information” and “Outlook” on 
pages 4 to 5 and 34 of the 2023 HY Report shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus (available at https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/3hsjqbaw/half-year-report-
2023.pdf).  
• 
The press release published by ArcelorMittal on 9 November 2023 announcing its unaudited results 
for the third quarter of 2023 (the “9 November 2023 PR”), save that the sections entitled “Joint 
Ventures” on page 9 and “Outlook” on pages 1-2 and 10 of the related earnings release forming part 
of the 9 November 2023 PR shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/dtrf0meq/3q23-earnings-
release.pdf).  
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 15 November 2023 announcing that 
ArcelorMittal had entered the additive manufacturing industry as a steel powder supplier (the “15 
November 
2023 
PR”) 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10b587d2f5ea3946b8afabc59a5501cb71).

--- Page 59 ---
57 
• 
The complete press release published by ArcelorMittal on 8 December 2023 announcing that 
ArcelorMittal had completed the sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau (the “8 December 2023 PR”) 
(available at https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10abb14057c79248f880e3e86e51660b80).  
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 79 to 115 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 29 May 2019 (the “2019 Base Prospectus”) with respect to 
the Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the “2019 Conditions”) (the 
sections and/or pages of the 2019 Base Prospectus other than the 2019 Conditions are not incorporated 
by 
reference 
in 
this 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(available 
at 
https://storagearcelormittalprod.blob.core.windows.net/media/ghmfnzbd/emtn-base-prospectus-
2019.pdf). 
 
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 67 to 113 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 19 November 2021 (the “2021 Base Prospectus”) with respect 
to the Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the sections and/or pages 
of the 2021 Base Prospectus other than the 2021 Conditions are not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus) (available at https://corporate-media.arcelormittal.com/media/e1ubdv4m/base-
prospectus-_2021-11-19.pdf). 
 
• 
The terms and conditions as set out on pages 71 to 118 under the heading “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 16 December 2022 (the “2022 Base Prospectus”) with respect 
to the Issuer’s euro medium term note programme (wholesale programme) (the “2022 Conditions” 
and together with the 2019 Conditions and the 2021 Conditions, the “Previous Conditions”) (the 
sections and/or pages of the 2022 Base Prospectus other than the 2022 Conditions are not incorporated 
by 
reference 
in 
this 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(available 
at 
https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/media/110bkt3b/am-emtn-programme-annual-update-2022-base-
prospectus-final.pdf). 
 
The Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to form a single series with Notes already issued with the relevant Previous Conditions. The 
sections and/or pages of the 2019 Base Prospectus, 2021 Base Prospectus and 2022 Base Prospectus that are 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents referred to above have been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier and are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the 
Issuer’s website (www.arcelormittal.com). 
Cross-reference table 
The following table cross-references the pages of the Information Incorporated by Reference with the main 
headings required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
In both the following cross-reference table on pages 58 to 63 of this Base Prospectus and the table under the 
heading “Risk Factors Cross-reference table” on pages 63 to 65 of this Base Prospectus, (i) to the extent that

--- Page 60 ---
58 
any information from documents included in Information Incorporated by Reference is not included in the 
cross-reference list (and where it is clearly mentioned that the pages are not incorporated by reference as 
explicitly described above under the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section) it shall be deemed not 
to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus and (ii) any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
(as explicitly described above under the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section) and which are 
therefore not referred to in the cross-reference list, are either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
History and Development of the Issuer. 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
See 2022 Form 20-F, cover page. 
4.1.2 
 
The place of registration of the issuer and its registration 
number  
See 2022 Form 20-F, page 7. 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, page 7. 
4.1.4 
 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, 
the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, page 7-8. 
4.1.5 
 
Any recent events particular to the issuer which are to a 
material extent relevant to the evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
See 
2023 
HY 
Report, 
“Key 
transactions and events”, pages 34-
40. 
See 
2022 
Form 
20-F, 
“Key 
transactions and events in 2022”, 
pages 
11-13, 
“Recent 
developments”, pages 13 and 19, 
“Capital expenditures”, pages 122-
124 and “Operating and financial 
review”, pages 150-196. 
See 
9 
November 
2023 
PR, 
“Analysis of results for 3Q 2023 
 
1 Items not covered by the Information Incorporated by Reference either do not apply to the Issuer or are covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 61 ---
59 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
versus 2Q 2023 and 3Q 2022,” page 
4.  
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal Activities 
 
5.1.1 
 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Business 
Overview”, 
pages 
48-105 
and 
“Property, plant and equipment”, 
pages 105-122. 
5.1.2 
 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Market 
information”, 
page 
10, 
and 
“Competitive strengths”, pages 4-7. 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This may 
be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
See 
2022 
Form 
20-F, 
“Organizational structure”, pages 
103-105. 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
See 
2022 
Form 
20-F, 
“Organizational structure”, pages 
103-105. 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 
 
Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside the issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(b)  partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
See 2023 HY Report, “Corporate 
Governance”, pages 41-44.  
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Other 
information”, 
pages 
7-10, 
“Management 
and 
Employees”, 
pages 196-213, and “Corporate 
Governance”, pages 237-246.  
 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests  
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Ethics and 
conflicts of interest” page 245.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1. 
 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Major 
shareholders”, 
pages 
246-249, 
“Related party transactions”, pages 
249-251, 
and 
“Corporate 
Governance” pages 237-246. 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
 
Historical Financial Information 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
See 2023 HY Report, pages 6-34 
and 47-72. 
See 2022 Form 20-F “Operating and 
Financial Review”, pages 150-196. 
See 2022 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2022 Annual Report 
on pages 276-399). 
See 2021 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2021 Annual Report 
on pages 241-365). 
11.1.3 Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the 
financial statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for 
issuers from the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third 
country issuers.  
See 2023 HY Report, page 53. 
See 2022 Financial Statements, 
“Note 1: Accounting Principles” 
(included in the 2022 Annual Report 
on pages 284-289). 
See 2021 Financial Statements, 
“Note 1: Accounting Principles” 
(included in the 2021 Annual Report 
on pages 248-252).

--- Page 63 ---
61 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information 
included in the registration document has not been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information;  
(b) 
immediately 
following 
the 
historical 
financial 
information a narrative description of the differences 
between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the 
Union and the accounting principles adopted by the issuer 
in preparing its annual financial statements. 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the financial 
information must include at least the following:  
(a) the balance sheet;  
(b) the income statement;  
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
For 
the 
2022 
consolidated 
statements of financial position, see 
page 279 of the 2022 Annual 
Report; consolidated statements of 
operations, see page 277 of the 2022 
Annual 
Report; 
consolidated 
statements of other comprehensive 
income, see page 278 of the 2022 
Annual 
Report; 
consolidated 
statements of changes in equity, see 
page 280 of the 2022 Annual 
Report; consolidated statements of 
cash flows, see page 281 of the 2022 
Annual Report; accounting policies 
and explanatory notes, see pages 
282-394 of the 2022 Annual Report. 
For 
the 
2021 
consolidated 
statements of financial position, see 
page 244 of the 2021 Annual 
Report; consolidated statements of 
operations, see page 242 of the 2021 
Annual 
Report; 
consolidated 
statements of other comprehensive 
income, see page 243 of the 2021 
Annual 
Report; 
consolidated 
statements of changes in equity, see

--- Page 64 ---
62 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
page 245 of the 2021 Annual 
Report; consolidated statements of 
cash flows, see page 246 of the 2021 
Annual Report; accounting policies 
and explanatory notes, see pages 
247-360 of the 2021 Annual Report. 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document. 
See 2023 HY Report, pages 47-72. 
See 2022 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2022 Annual Report 
on pages 276-399). 
See 2021 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2021 Annual Report 
on pages 241-365). 
11.1.6 Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date 
of the registration document 
See 2023 HY Report, pages 47-72. 
See 2022 Financial Statements 
(included in the 2022 Annual Report 
on pages 276-399). 
 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it gives a true and fair 
view in accordance with auditing standards applicable in a 
Member State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included in the registration 
document: 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing. 
See 2023 HY Report, page 53. 
See 2022 Financial Statements, 
“Note 1: Accounting Principles” 
(included in the 2022 Annual Report 
on pages 284-289) and “Report on 
the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements” (included in 
the 2022 Annual Report on pages 
395-399).  
See 2021 Financial Statements, 
“Note 1: Accounting Principles” 
(included in the 2021 Annual Report 
on pages 248-252) and “Report on 
the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements” (included in 
the 2021 Annual Report on pages 
361-365).

--- Page 65 ---
63 
Item  
Item contents1 
Reference in the Information 
Incorporated by Reference 
11.2.3 Where financial information in the registration document is 
not extracted from the issuer’s audited financial statements 
state the source of the data and state that the data is not 
audited. 
See 2023 HY Report, pages 47-72. 
See 9 November 2023 PR, pages 11-
14.  
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during 
a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement.  
See 2023 HY Report, “Note 14 – 
Contingencies”, pages 71-72. 
See 2022 Financial Statements, 
“Note 9: Provisions, contingencies 
and commitments” (included in the 
2022 Annual Report on pages 364-
380). 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, 
which could result in any group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect 
of the securities being issued. 
See 2022 Form 20-F, “Material 
Contracts”, pages 264-265. 
 
Risk Factors Cross-reference table  
The following table is included solely for the purpose of indicating the page locations of certain 
sections of documents included as Information Incorporated by Reference which are referenced 
in the text of the section herein entitled “Risk Factors”.  
Cross-Reference  
Page Number(s) in 
Referenced Document 
8 December 2023 PR 
All 
9 November 2023 PR, “Liquidity and Capital Resources”  
9-10 
9 November 2023 PR, “Analysis of results for 3Q 2023 
versus 2Q 2023 and 3Q 2022”  
4 
2023 HY Report, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the six 
months ended June 30, 2023—Key factors affecting results 
of operations—Raw materials”  
14-16 
2023 HY Report, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the six 
28-29

--- Page 66 ---
64 
months ended June 30, 2023—Liquidity and Capital 
Resources”  
2023 HY Financials, Note 8 “Short-Term and Long-Term 
Debt” 
57-60 
2023 HY Report, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the six 
months ended June 30, 2023— Impact of exchange rate 
movements” 
20 
2023 HY Report, “Corporate governance—Shareholders”  
43-44 
2022 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—Raw 
materials” 
162-170 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Products—Mining 
products” 
87-88 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Products—Other raw 
materials and energy” 
88 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 1.2 “Use of judgment and estimates” 
284-287 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Research and 
development” 
49-55 
 
2022 Form 20-F, “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Investments in joint 
ventures” 
118-122 
2022 Form 20-F, “Properties and capital expenditures—
Property, plant and equipment—Capital expenditures” 
122-124 
2022 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—Liquidity 
and capital resources” 
187-193 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Key currency regulations and exchange 
controls” 
99-101 
2022 Form 20-F, “Operating and financial review—Impact 
of exchange rate movements” 
171-172 
2022 Form 20-F, “Shareholders and markets—Major 
shareholders” 
246-249 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Sustainable 
development—Safeguarding water resources” 
78-79 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Health and safety laws and regulations” 
97

--- Page 67 ---
65 
2022 Form 20-F, “Business overview—Government 
regulations—Environmental laws and regulations” 
90-97 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 9.1 “Provisions” 
366-369 
2023 HY Financials, Note 9 “Financial Instruments” 
60-64 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), note 2.2.4 “Acquisitions” 
292-294 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), note 11.5.2 “Transactions with non-controlling 
interests” 
392 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 2.4 “Scope of Consolidation—Investments in 
associates and joint arrangements” 
296-304 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 9.3 “Contingent liabilities”  
 
370-379 
2023 HY Financials, Note 5 “Property, Plant and Equipment 
and Goodwill”  
55-56 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 5.3 “Impairment of intangible assets, including 
goodwill, and tangible assets” 
320-323 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 6.1.2 “Gross debt” 
327-331 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 8.2 “Deferred employee benefits” 
 
349-361 
2022 Financial Statements (included in the 2022 Annual 
Report), Note 10 “Income Taxes” 
380-385 
2023 HY Financials, Note 6 “Equity and Non-Controlling 
Interests”  
56-57 
2023 HY Financials, Note 14 “Contingencies”  
71-72

--- Page 68 ---
66 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the inclusion of which 
would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or on another EEA regulated market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
for the purpose of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 69 ---
67 
FORMS OF THE NOTES  
Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer 
form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Notes which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ECB 
credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements 
for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 
June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to 
the Notes.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 calendar days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:

--- Page 70 ---
68 
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 calendar days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
calendar days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
However, in relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in circumstances set out in paragraph 
(iii) above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 calendar days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 calendar days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of calendar 
14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of 
Default) occurs. 
However, in relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in circumstances set out in paragraph 
(iii) above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Conditions applicable to Global Notes” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto where the TEFRA D Rules are said to be applicable 
in the Final Terms:  
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.”  
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated 
as ordinary income.

--- Page 73 ---
71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Conditions applicable to Global Notes” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: ArcelorMittal (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a form of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 15 December 2023 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the 
“Agents” are to the Paying Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of 
them. 
(d) 
Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of make-whole 
calculation agency agreement dated 15 December 2023 (the “Make-whole Calculation 
Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and Conv-Ex Advisors Limited as make-
whole calculation agent (the “Make-whole Calculation Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor make-whole calculation agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes). 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes shall only be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) and 
have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 15 December 2023 (the “Deed of 
Covenant”). 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing by Noteholders at BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, 60, 
avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and, in 
respect of listed Notes, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 74 ---
72 
(www.luxse.com) and copies may be obtained from BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(g) 
Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant: Certain provisions of these Conditions are 
outlines of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their 
detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant 
applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg branch, 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Applicable Accounting Standards” means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted in the European Union as amended from time to time; 
“Asset(s)” of any Person means, all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, 
assets, revenues (including any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital, wherever 
situated; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day or a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 75 ---
73 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business 
Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar 
Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that a person (or 
a group of persons acting in concert) other than one or more members of the Mittal 
Family controls or acquires control of the Issuer; provided that a Change of Control shall 
not be deemed to have occurred unless, within the Change of Control Period, (i) if the 
long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer is rated by any one 
or more Rating Agencies, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs and, in the case only of such Rating Downgrade occurring within the Potential

--- Page 76 ---
74 
Change of Control Period, the relevant Rating Agency does not, within the Potential 
Change of Control Period, reverse such Rating Downgrade so that the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer has the same or a better credit 
rating attributed by such Rating Agency than before such Rating Downgrade occurred, 
or (ii) if the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer is not 
rated by any one or more Rating Agencies, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs; “control” means the power to direct the management and 
policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the earlier of (i) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control having occurred, 
and (ii) the first day of the Potential Change of Control Period, and ending 90 calendar 
days after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control 
having occurred (the “Initial End Date”), provided that if one or more Rating Agencies 
has on or prior to the Initial End Date publicly announced that it has placed the rating of 
the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer under 
consideration for Rating Downgrade (the “Placing on Credit Watch”), the Change of 
Control Period shall be extended to the earlier of (i) the later of (a) the date which falls 
60 calendar days after the date of the Placing on Credit Watch and (b) the Initial End 
Date or (ii) the date which falls 60 calendar days after the Initial End Date. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements” means the most recently published: 
(i) 
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, as approved by 
its Board of Directors and certified by an independent auditor; or, as the case 
may be, 
(ii) 
unaudited (but subject to a review from an independent auditor) condensed 
consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer, as approved by its 
Board of Directors, 
in each case prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:  
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the

--- Page 77 ---
75 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360 (adjusted/unadjusted)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 78 ---
76 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 79 ---
77 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Existing Security” means any Security granted by any Person over its Assets in respect 
of any Relevant Indebtedness and which is existing at the relevant Issue Date or at the 
time any such Person becomes a Material Subsidiary or whose business and/or activities, 
in whole or in part, are assumed by or vested in the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary after 
the relevant Issue Date (other than any Security created in contemplation thereof) or any 
substitute Security created over those Assets (or any part thereof) in connection with the 
refinancing of the Relevant Indebtedness secured on those Assets provided that the 
principal, nominal or capital amount secured on any such Security may not be increased; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Notes); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar

--- Page 80 ---
78 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series and as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose gross assets 
or pre-tax profits (excluding intra-Group items) then equal or exceed 5 per cent. of the 
gross assets or pre-tax profits of the Group. 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
the gross assets or pre-tax profits of a Subsidiary of the Issuer will be 
determined from its financial statements (unconsolidated if it has 
Subsidiaries) upon which the latest audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a company becomes a member of the Group after the date on which the 
latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group have been 
prepared, the gross assets or pre-tax profits of that Subsidiary will be 
determined from its latest financial statements;  
(c) 
the gross assets or pre-tax profits of the Group will be determined from 
its latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements, adjusted (where 
appropriate) to reflect the gross assets or pre-tax profits of any company 
or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(d) 
 if a Material Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to 
another Subsidiary of the Issuer, it will immediately cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will 
immediately become a Material Subsidiary; the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine 
whether those Subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries or not;

--- Page 81 ---
79 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate 
of the auditors of the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mittal Family” means Mr and/or Mrs L.N. Mittal and/or their family (acting directly 
or indirectly through trusts and/or other entities controlled by any of the foregoing);  
“Negative Rating Event” means the Issuer does not within the Change of Control 
Period obtain an investment grade rating for its long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness from at least one Rating Agency; 
“Noteholder”, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and

--- Page 82 ---
80 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
“Permitted Security” means: 
(i) 
any Existing Security; 
(ii) 
any Security granted in respect of or in connection with any Securitisation 
Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness, but only to the extent that 
the Security Interest is created on an asset of the project being financed by the 
relevant Project Finance Indebtedness (and/or the shares in, and/or shareholder 
loans to, the company conducting such project where such company has no 
assets other than those relating to such project); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Potential Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date of 
the first public announcement of a potential Change of Control by the Issuer, or by any 
actual or potential bidder or any adviser thereto, and ending on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control;  
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to 
finance the ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an 
asset or connected group of assets in respect of which the person or persons to whom 
such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse for the repayment of or payment 
of any sum relating to such indebtedness other than: 
(i) 
recourse to such debtor or its Subsidiaries for amounts limited to the cash flow 
from such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such debtor generally, or to a member of the Group, which recourse 
is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages 
required to be calculated in a specific way) for breach of an obligation,

--- Page 83 ---
81 
representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, representation or 
warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to procure payment by 
another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial 
condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(iii) 
if: 
(a) 
such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of 
constructing, developing, owning and/or operating the relevant asset or 
connected group of assets; and  
(b) 
such debtor owns no assets and carries on no business which is not related 
to the relevant asset or connected group of assets, 
recourse to all the material assets and undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the 
capital of such debtor and shareholder loans made to such debtor; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder 
in accordance with Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or 
Condition 9(i) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring 
Event); 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder in accordance with 
Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(i) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event); 
“Put Restructuring Event” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer being wound up or dissolved or ceasing to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business prior to repayment in full of the Notes 
other than in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or 
other form of reorganisation pursuant to which the surviving entity shall 
be the transferee of or successor to all or substantially all of the business 
of the Issuer and assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect 
to the Notes (an “Issuer Winding-up Event”) and provided that a Rating 
Downgrade shall not have occurred within the period of 60 calendar days 
immediately following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or 
reorganisation; or 
(b) 
any Material Subsidiary being wound up or dissolved or ceasing to carry 
on all or substantially all of its business (each a “Material Subsidiary 
Winding-up Event”) prior to the repayment in full of the Notes AND a 
Rating Downgrade having occurred within the period of 60 calendar days 
immediately following any such Material Subsidiary Winding-up Event, 
provided that no Put Restructuring Event will be deemed to have 
occurred under this paragraph (b) if the relevant Material Subsidiary

--- Page 84 ---
82 
Winding-up Event takes place in connection with a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the relevant Material Subsidiary are transferred 
to or otherwise vested in one or more of the Issuer or another Material 
Subsidiary; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings, Fitch Ratings Ltd. or Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc. (or, in each case, any successor rating agency thereto); 
“Rating Downgrade” means the credit rating previously assigned to the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer by any Rating Agency is (a) 
withdrawn or (b) is changed from investment grade to non-investment grade (for 
example, from BBB- to BB+ by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., or worse) or (c) if the credit rating previously assigned 
by the relevant Rating Agency was below investment grade, is lowered one rating notch 
(for example, from BB+ to BB by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc.), and such Rating Agency shall have publicly announced 
or confirmed in writing to the Issuer that such withdrawal or downgrade is principally 
the result of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect 
of, the Change of Control or potential Change of Control, the Material Subsidiary 
Winding-up Event or the Material Subsidiary Insolvency Event, or Issuer Winding-up 
Event, as the case may be; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 85 ---
83 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for borrowed money represented by 
bonds, notes or other debt instruments which are for the time being quoted or listed on 
any stock exchange or other similar regulated securities market; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount 
of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Indebtedness which is incurred in 
connection with any securitisation, asset repackaging, factoring or like arrangement or 
any combination thereof of any assets, revenues or other receivables where the recourse 
of the Person making the Relevant Indebtedness available or entering into the relevant 
arrangement or agreement(s) is limited fully or substantially to such assets or revenues 
or other receivables; 
“Security” means any mortgage, charge, pledge or other real security interest (sûreté 
réelle);

--- Page 86 ---
84 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Subsidiary” means: 
(i) 
an entity of which a Person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of 
ownership (and control for this purpose means the power to direct the 
management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership of 
voting capital, by contract or otherwise); and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Issuer, an entity which fulfils the definition in paragraph (a) 
above and which is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements on a 
fully integrated basis; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor; 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 87 ---
85 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up 
to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Notes: The Notes are in bearer form with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. Notes shall be issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on an European Economic Area 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). In the case of a Series of Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will 
not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. In the case of a Series 
of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination and where integral multiples of a 
smaller Specified Denomination above a minimum Specified Denomination are issued, 
the maximum denomination of Notes in definitive form which will be issued will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title to Notes: Title to Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. “Holder” means 
the holder of such Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
(c) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable 
for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or 
condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 below) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference or priority among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
Luxembourg law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including indebtedness and guarantees) of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
86 
5. 
Negative Pledge  
The Issuer covenants that so long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) it will not, and will procure that no Material 
Subsidiary will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon any of its Assets, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by it or by any 
Material Subsidiary (whether before or after the issue of the Notes) other than Permitted 
Security unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are (i) equally and rateably 
secured so as to rank pari passu with such Relevant Indebtedness or the guarantee 
thereof or (ii) benefit from any other Security or arrangement as shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders 
in a general meeting.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 89 ---
87 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR: If “Screen Rate Determination-IBOR” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Rate of Interest 
will be the rate per annum (or the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if applicable) as communicated to the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified

--- Page 90 ---
88 
Currency, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the applicable inter-bank market, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if it is not possible to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period; 
(v) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 7(c)(iii) and (iv) above, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any 
Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, it will as 
soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than two Business 
Days prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date, appoint an agent (the 
“Reference Rate Determination Agent”), which will (i) use the substitute or 
successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that is consistent with industry accepted standards or (ii) if no such 
public selection has occurred, determine a substitute or successor rate which is 
substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and is an industry 
accepted successor rate for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination (the “Replacement Reference Rate”). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference Rate, 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
(vi) 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement 
Reference Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination:  
i. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, in consultation with the Issuer,  
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Conditions, 
including but not limited to the applicable Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction (the “Benchmark Amendments”), and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such  Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate and any necessary adjustment to the spread to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the

--- Page 91 ---
89 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders resulting from the application of  the Replacement Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such  
Replacement Reference Rate;  
ii. 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; and 
iii. the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as 
soon as reasonably practicable;  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by the Issuer determines for any reason that a Replacement 
Reference Rate cannot, pursuant to this Condition, be determined or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer may decide that no 
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the 
following Interest Periods in such case will be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable Replacement 
Reference Rate, or if the Reference Rate Determination Agent considers that 
such Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor 
rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purposes of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an 
identical manner as described above. If such Reference Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement 
Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Issuer will give notice of the Reference Rate or Replacement Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, and of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable but 
in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to 
the applicable Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to 
this paragraph (vi). No noteholder consent shall be required in connection with

--- Page 92 ---
90 
effecting the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to 
this paragraph (vi), including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
by the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent or Paying Agents (if required).  
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be a leading bank or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Issuer. The Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 7 shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud or manifest error, the Reference Rate Determination Agent shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Noteholders, or any other party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, a “Benchmark Event” means, with 
respect to the relevant Reference Rate, any of the following: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(ii) the later of (a) the making of a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the relevant Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (ii)(a); 
(iii) the later of (a) the making of a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administration for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, stating that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, on or 
before a specified date, permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate) and (b) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (iii)(a);  
(iv)  the later of (a) making of a public statement or publication of information 
by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate on or before a specified date, announcing that the relevant 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or as a consequence of which 
the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used generally 
or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (iv)(a); or

--- Page 93 ---
91 
(v) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent (as applicable) to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination – SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with Condition 7(d)(ii) or 7(d)(iii) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(d)(iv) to 7(d)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
“Lag Method”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be “Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag” plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
“Observation Shift Method”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be “Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift” plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 7(d)(ii): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d” means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
“do” means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Interest Period; 
“i” means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, 
and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period;

--- Page 94 ---
92 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“p” for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five 
London Banking Days.  
“Reference Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the SONIA Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 7(d)(iii): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift”, with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 95 ---
93 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 365
𝑑𝑑 
 where: 
“d” means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
“do” means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in such Observation Period; 
“i” means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“p” for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five 
London Banking Days.  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA Administrator” means the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA);  
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the SONIA Administrator

--- Page 96 ---
94 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is 
a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.  
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent determines that 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) (x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(2) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (x) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (y) if this is more 
recent, the latest determined rate under (1). 
(vii) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(d)(vii), the Interest Rate shall be (x) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 97 ---
95 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became 
due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the 
Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination – SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
“Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”. 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination – SOFR” is specified as the manner in 
which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. In no event will the 
Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(e) (Interest – 
Screen Rate Determination - SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one 
or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from 
and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the 
calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(e)(D) below will apply.  
“Interest Period” means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment 
Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date 
where “p” has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms (or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days) or the date

--- Page 98 ---
96 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
“Observation Period” in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable);  
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where:  
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and

--- Page 99 ---
97 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, to and including the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such period;  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day “i”;  
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and  
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) pursuant to this section, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(x) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(y) will be made by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer); 
and  
(z) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes 
or any other party.  
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with 
the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(x) the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;

--- Page 100 ---
98 
(y) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(z) the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(x) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(y) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(z) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides, in consultation with the Issuer, that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, is reasonably 
necessary);  
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) in the case of clause (x) or (y) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 101 ---
99 
(y) in the case of clause (z) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event,” the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;  
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(z) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 102 ---
100 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by 
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 7(d) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date , unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(iv) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (x) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (y) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(b) if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (x) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (y) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business

--- Page 103 ---
101 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (z) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or  
(c) if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (x) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (z) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(v) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (x) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (y) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in relevant Final Terms;  
(b) if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (x) Averaging with Overnight Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (y) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(c) if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (x) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (z) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and 
Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
References in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be 
references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
(B) “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(D) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;

--- Page 104 ---
102 
(E) “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as being applicable:  
(A) “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(B) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day's Rate”.  
Unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms used in the sub-paragraph (f) shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be no less than zero. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency

--- Page 105 ---
103 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to 
be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
(i) the first day of the relevant Interest Period if determined prior to such time, or (ii) in 
all other cases, the second Business Day after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders. 
(m) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Each Fixed/Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may decide to convert at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) which shall 
be automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 106 ---
104 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
calendar days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: If, by reason of a change in Luxembourg law or any change 
in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would, on the occasion of the payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 11 (Taxation), the Issuer may, at any 
time (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date), subject to having given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their principal amount with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
Luxembourg taxes. The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (in the 
event that the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) is promptly 
informed of any redemption under this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:  
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); and  
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) 
above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and such 
other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms,  
which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each 
such date, a “Make-whole Redemption Date”) redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
“Bund” means a federal bond (Bundesanleihe) of the Federal Republic of Germany (or 
any other relevant related entity). 
“Calculation Date” means the fourth Business Day prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of:  
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes discounted in accordance with applicable 
market convention to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date at the sum of 
the Make-whole Redemption Reference Rate and the Make-whole Redemption 
Margin, less an amount equal to interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date; and  
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date,  
as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent and as notified on the Calculation 
Date by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such 
other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9(c) 
before the date set in the Final Terms as the date from which the Residual Maturity Call 
Option may be exercised (the “Residual Maturity Exercise Date”), the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by substituting the Maturity Date by the 
Residual Maturity Exercise Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining 
scheduled payment of principal and interest shall be deemed to fall on the Residual 
Maturity Exercise Date, and the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the 
interest that would have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Residual Maturity Exercise Date, to but excluding the 
Residual Maturity Exercise Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
if the Reference Security is a Bund, the yield to maturity, as determined by the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent of the Reference Security based upon (A) the 
Bundesbank reference price on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (or any successor 
thereto) for the Reference Bund in respect of the Calculation Date, or if it 
cannot be so determined, (B) the mid-market price (using the pricing source 
“Bloomberg Generic Price” (“BGN”) (or any successor thereto)) for the 
Reference Security as at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the 
Calculation Date as appears on the Calculation Date on Bloomberg page QR 
(or any successor thereto), or if it cannot be so determined, (C) the Reference 
Dealers Quotation for the price of the Reference Security; or

--- Page 108 ---
106 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Reference Dealers Quotation for the yield to maturity of 
the Reference Security.  
“Reference Dealers Quotation” means the average of the four quotations (or such 
lesser number of quotations (if any) the Make-whole Calculation Agent is capable of 
obtaining from such Reference Dealers, provided that where the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent is capable of obtaining only one such quotation from the Reference 
Dealers, the Reference Dealers Quotation shall be such quotation) given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market price and/or yield to maturity (as applicable) of 
the Reference Security as at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (“CET”)) on the 
Calculation Date (“Reference Dealer Quotation”). 
“Reference Dealers” means four banks selected from time to time by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary government security dealers 
in respect of the Reference Security.  
“Reference Security” means the Bund or other government security specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if such Bund or other government security is no longer 
outstanding, the Similar Security.  
“Similar Security” means a security issued by the same issuer (or successor thereto) as 
the Reference Security specified in the relevant Final Terms, which is outstanding on 
the Calculation Date, and that has a maturity date falling nearest to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date (or, if there is more than one such security, the security with the 
shortest maturity date, or if there is more than one such security, the security in respect 
of which the Reference Dealers Quotation for the price is closest to par), all as 
determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 9(g) in 
reference to Condition 9(e) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if they were references to 
this Condition 9(c). 
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act solely as agent of the Issuer and shall not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for, and shall not incur any liability as 
against, any Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. The Issuer will procure 
that, so long as any Note is outstanding, there shall at all times be a Make-whole 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Notes. If the then prevailing Make-whole 
Calculation Agent is unable to act (including without limitation in circumstances where 
the Make-whole Redemption Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the Conditions) or is unwilling to continue to act as the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
or if the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the amount due in relation 
to this Condition 9(c), the Issuer shall appoint some other party (which shall an 
independent financial institution of international repute, or an independent financial 
adviser with appropriate expertise) to act as Make-whole Calculation Agent in its place. 
Except in limited circumstances as provided in the Make-whole Calculation Agency

--- Page 109 ---
107 
Agreement, the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been so appointed. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 to the Noteholders, 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months 
before the Maturity Date, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have 
not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (c) (Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the call option (“Call Option”) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest 
(if any) to such date).  
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at 
least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call 
Option”) but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not been 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer). 
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 
9(c) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent reasonably approves and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the put option (the “Put Option”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put)

--- Page 110 ---
108 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 9(h), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with 
any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(h), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event: If the Put 
Restructuring Event option (the “Put Restructuring Event Option”) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and if at any time while any of the Notes remain 
outstanding a Put Restructuring Event occurs, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Option Notice, the Issuer gives notice under 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) in respect of the Notes or the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) would fall on or after the Maturity Date) specified in the relevant 
Put Restructuring Event Option.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Restructuring Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Fiscal Agent and, upon receipt of such notice, the 
Fiscal Agent shall give a Put Option Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the procedure for exercising the option contained in 
this Condition 9(i). 
To exercise the option to require redemption of its Notes under this Condition 9(i), a 
Noteholder must deliver such Notes together with all Coupons relating to them which 
mature after the date fixed for redemption, on any Payment Business Day falling within 
the period (the “Restructuring Put Period”) of 45 calendar days after a Put Option 
Notice is given, to any Paying Agent together with a duly completed redemption notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent and in which the holder may specify a 
bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(i). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
by transfer to the bank account specified in the Put Option Notice and otherwise subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). A Put Option Notice once given shall be

--- Page 111 ---
109 
irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) unless previously redeemed or purchased. 
The Fiscal Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Put Restructuring Event 
or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Put 
Restructuring Event has occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or express 
notice to the contrary, the Fiscal Agent may assume that no Put Restructuring Event or 
other such event has occurred. The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (in the event that the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) is promptly informed of any redemption under this Condition 9(i). 
(j) 
Offer to Purchase upon a Change of Control: If at any time while any of the Notes 
remains outstanding there occurs a Change of Control, the Issuer (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Change of Control Notice, the Issuer gives notice under Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) in respect of the Notes or the Change of Control 
Redemption Date would fall on or after the Maturity Date) will make an offer to 
purchase and redeem all or a portion of each Noteholder’s Notes (a “Change of Control 
Offer”) on the Change of Control Redemption Date. Each such Note shall be purchased 
and redeemed at 101 per cent. of its principal amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Within 30 calendar days following the date upon which the Change of Control occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Fiscal Agent and, upon receipt of such notice, the 
Fiscal Agent shall give notice (a “Change of Control Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the procedure and the terms of the 
Change of Control Offer contained in this Condition 9(j). Such Change of Control 
Notice will state, amongst other things, the date of purchase and redemption (the 
“Change of Control Redemption Date”), which must be no earlier than 30 calendar 
days nor later than 60 calendar days from the date such Change of Control Notice is 
given.  
Noteholders electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer 
under this Condition 9(j) must deliver such Notes together with all Coupons relating to 
them which mature after the date fixed for redemption, prior to the close of business in 
Luxembourg on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Redemption Date 
(the “Change of Control Redemption Deadline”), to any Paying Agent together with 
a duly completed redemption notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (the 
“Change of Control Redemption Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(j). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Change of Control Offer will lapse as of the Change of 
Control Redemption Deadline and any Change of Control Redemption Notice received 
after such time shall be treated as null and void and the Issuer shall not, nor be required 
to, purchase any of the Notes that are subject of such notice. 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Change of Control Redemption 
Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Redemption 
Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). A Change 
of Control Redemption Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem

--- Page 112 ---
110 
the relevant Notes on the Change of Control Redemption Date unless previously 
redeemed or purchased. 
The Fiscal Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control or any 
event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control has 
occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the 
Fiscal Agent may assume that no Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (in the event that the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) is promptly informed of any purchase 
and redemption under this Condition 9(j). 
(k) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (i) above unless specified in the Final Terms. 
(l) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(l) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(m) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments  
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due on, or by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate

--- Page 113 ---
111 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest on notes denominated in 
U.S. Dollars may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City 
if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when 
due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be 
that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of

--- Page 114 ---
112 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date 
for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), Condition 9(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), 
Condition 9(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(i) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders upon a Put Restructuring Event), Condition 9(j) (Offer to 
Purchase upon a Change of Control) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part 
of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for 
a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Grand Duchy of

--- Page 115 ---
113 
Luxembourg therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that each Noteholder and Couponholder 
after such deduction or withholding will receive the full amount then due and payable 
thereon in the absence of such deduction or withholding, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where such deduction or withholding is imposed pursuant to the Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005 on taxation of savings income, as amended ; or  
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
paying agent; or 
(iv) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 calendar days. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs (each an “Event of Default”): 
(a) 
Non-payment: any amount of interest or any principal on any Note shall not be 
paid on the due date thereof and such default shall not be remedied within a 
period of twenty (20) calendar days; or  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: if default is made by the Issuer in the due 
performance or observance of any other of its obligations in these Conditions 
and such default continues for a period of forty (40) calendar days following 
receipt of a written notice of such default by the Fiscal Agent from any 
Noteholder; or  
(c) 
Cross default: any present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, other than 
the Notes and any moneys borrowed or raised by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary from any other member of the Group, shall not be paid when it shall 
become due and payable on its stated maturity date (following the giving of 
such notice, if any, as is required under the document governing such 
indebtedness and as extended by any applicable grace period) or becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence of any 
default or Event of Default, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantees for,

--- Page 116 ---
114 
or indemnity in respect of, any such financial indebtedness (other than in 
respect of any such guarantee or indemnity granted in favour of any other 
member of the Group) (i) unless the aggregate amount of all such financial 
indebtedness or guarantees or indemnities is less than €100,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currencies or (ii) unless the Issuer or any such Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings that such financial indebtedness is due or such guarantees or 
indemnities are callable, in which event such default shall not constitute an 
Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally 
adjudicated against the Issuer or any such Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be and the latter has not complied with the terms of such judicial decision 
within ten (10) Business Days; or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc:  
(i) 
(A) If the Issuer is in cessation of payments (cessation de 
paiements) or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
bankrupt (en faillite) or is granted a suspension of payments (sursis 
de paiement) or a moratorium of any indebtedness or presents a 
request for amicable reorganisation (reorganisation amiable), 
judicial reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire) or any 
reorganisation, conservative or similar proceedings (including, but 
not limited to, an accord amiable), or is declared in administrative 
dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans 
liquidation), or is declared in liquidation under a compulsory 
liquidation procedure (liquidateur judiciaire) or suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts within the meaning of any 
applicable law, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, 
rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular 
type of) its debts (or any part which it will or might otherwise be 
unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment 
or any arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or moratorium is 
agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or a 
particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any event occurs which 
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect 
to any of the foregoing events, or (B) if any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to the 
appointment of a liquidator under a compulsory liquidation 
procedure (liquidateur judiciaire), receiver (curateur), conciliator 
(conciliateur d’entreprises), court-appointed agent (mandataire de 
justice), provisional administrator (administrateur provisoire), 
administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar 
officer or agent in respect of the Issuer or all or a substantial part of 
its assets; or

--- Page 117 ---
115 
(ii) 
If any Material Subsidiary is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or bankrupt or presents a request for reorganisation or 
similar proceedings or is granted a moratorium on payments or is 
unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or 
suspend payment of all or a material part of (or all of a particular 
type of) its debts within the meaning of any applicable law, 
proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or 
other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular type of) its debts 
(or any part which it will or might otherwise be unable to pay when 
due), proposes or makes a general assignment or any arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in 
respect of any of such debts or moratorium is agreed or declared in 
respect of or affecting all or any part of (or a particular type of) the 
debts of any such Material Subsidiary or any event occurs which 
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect 
to any of the foregoing events (in each case, a “Material 
Subsidiary Insolvency Event”), provided that no Event of Default 
under this paragraph (ii) will occur in relation to any such Material 
Subsidiary Insolvency Event unless a Rating Downgrade shall have 
occurred within the period of sixty (60) calendar days immediately 
following such Material Subsidiary Insolvency Event, 
 
then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office 
by the relevant Holder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of repayment without further formality, unless prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent the relevant Event of Default shall have 
been cured.  
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Notes shall become void unless the relevant Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
interest in respect of Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Notes (and, if the Notes are 
then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in 
any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity

--- Page 118 ---
116 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a 
successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than 100% of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as

--- Page 119 ---
117 
if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, 
if the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Tageblatt) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in 
either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Notes.  
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
“first currency”) in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the

--- Page 120 ---
118 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, do not 
apply to the provisions of Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver). 
(b) 
English courts: Subject to paragraph (d) below, the courts of England have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes 
or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the 
consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 21(b) 
(English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 21 (Governing law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to ArcelorMittal Limited, 7th Floor, Berkeley Square

--- Page 121 ---
119 
House, Berkeley Square, London, W1J 6DA (United Kingdom), at which service of 
process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and 
to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 122 ---
120 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be applied for the general corporate and financing 
purposes of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, including to refinance existing 
indebtedness or as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue 
of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified 
above).

--- Page 123 ---
121 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, 
duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
– The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“EU MiFID II”), or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU 
MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining

--- Page 124 ---
122 
appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) 
that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[capital markets products other 
than “prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Note: Dealers should determine on each takedown whether or not they are a manufacturer for purposes of EU 
MiFID. This legend can be deleted if Dealers decide that they are not subject to EU MiFID and there are therefore 
no EU MiFID manufacturers. 
3 Note: Dealers should determine on each takedown whether or not they are a manufacturer for purposes of UK 
MiFIR. This legend can be deleted if Dealers decide that they are not subject to UK MiFIR and there are therefore 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 125 ---
123 
Final Terms dated [●]  
ArcelorMittal 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as may be amended 
from time to time, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”.) This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]].  
 [Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and either (1) the Notes 
which are the subject of the Final Terms are not being (a) offered to the public in a member 
state (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a member state or 
(2) the Conditions (as defined in the next paragraph) do not contain, by comparison with the 
Base Prospectus, any “significant new factor” within the meaning of Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. If neither (1) nor (2) applies the Issuer will need to consider effecting 
the issue by means of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a stand-alone prospectus rather 
than by Final Terms.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 29 May 2019][dated 19 November 
2021][dated 16 December 2022]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of 
the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [29 May 2019/19 November 
2021/16 December 2022] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.2 of  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129,  (as may be amended from time to time, 
the “EU Prospectus Regulation”).]  
[Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing on the

--- Page 126 ---
124 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) [and] during normal business 
hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[       ]] 
 
[(iii)  Date on which Notes 
become fungible 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [insert relevant Series with which the 
Notes are fungible and its Series number] on 
[]/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about []].] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[       ] 
4. 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[       ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[       ]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from []] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable) 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[€100,000] / [€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof [up 
to and including [€199,000]].  
(Note – No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].)

--- Page 127 ---
125 
6. 
Calculation Amount: 
[       ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue 
Date/Not 
Applicable] 
(An 
Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[] or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR /[]] +/– [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [date], paragraph [14/15] applies 
and for the period from (and including) 
[date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Put Restructuring Event Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[       ] [and [       ], respectively]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 128 ---
126 
13. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[   
 
] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable  
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Regular Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Specified Period will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 129 ---
127 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ []] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination-IBOR/ISDA 
Determination/Linear Interpolation] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] (no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is 
to perform this function) 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination - IBOR: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/[]] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination – 
SONIA: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
“p” 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate 
Determination – SOFR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 130 ---
128 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
“p” 
[•]  
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[       ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[       ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the Reset 
Date should be the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[•] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 131 ---
129 
Lookback: [[•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[•] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum.4  
 
(xv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)/[Not Applicable] 
 
4 The Minimum Rate of Interest shall be no less than zero.

--- Page 132 ---
130 
15. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360 
(adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond 
Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
17. Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by 
Issuer 
of 
Make-whole 
Redemption Date and Make-
whole Redemption Amount (if 
other than set out in Condition 
9(c)):  
[Not applicable/ []] 
 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin:  
[]

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
(iii) 
Reference Security: 
[give details]  
 
18. Residual Maturity Call Option 
 
 
Date from which the Residual 
Maturity Call Option may be 
exercised: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
The Issuer may exercise the Residual Maturity Call 
Option starting on [•] and at any time thereafter. 
 
19.  Clean-Up Call Option 
(i) Optional 
Redemption   
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the below sub-paragraph) 
 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes plus interest) 
 
20. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount 
21. Put 
Restructuring 
Event 
Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100]/[] per cent per Calculation Amount 
22. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
23. Early Redemption Amount  
 
(Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption and/or the 
method of calculating the same) 
 
[Not Applicable]/[100]/[] per cent

--- Page 134 ---
132 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and the 
Early Termination Amount are the principal amount of 
the Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from 
the principal amount of the Notes) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 90 calendar days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] /  
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 40 calendar days’ notice]/ 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 90 calendar days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]/  
 
 
[Talons for future Coupons or Receipts are to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (these Talons mature on 
[])]  
(If not applicable, this section should be deleted) 
25. New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
26. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
sub paragraph 14(i) relates) 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
27. (i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
 
 
 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
28. If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
29. U.S. Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D]

--- Page 135 ---
133 
30.  Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[] has been extracted from [].] The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading in any material respect.] 
Signed on behalf of ArcelorMittal: 
By: 
............................................  
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 136 ---
134 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
Official 
list 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) with effect from [   ].]/[Not 
Applicable.]/ 
 
 
[The [] are already admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)] (Applicable 
where documenting a fungible issue as it will be 
necessary to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] [have not been] rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [  ]] 
[Moody’s: [  ]] 
[Other: [  ]] 
 
 
[According to S&P’s rating system, an obligation 
rated “A” is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-
rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is still strong. The addition of pluses 
and minuses provides further distinctions within 
the ratings range.] 
[According 
to 
Moodys’ 
rating 
system, 
obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-
medium grade with low credit risk. Moody’s 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from “Aa” through

--- Page 137 ---
135 
“Caa”. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic 
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category.] 
[[] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 as amended from to time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended from time to time, including by 
Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). [] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [] has given to the Notes is [issued / 
endorsed] by [], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/[Ratings issued 
by [] are endorsed by [] which is established 
in the EEA and is registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as amended from time to 
time including by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”).]] 
[[] is not established in the EEA and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement)

--- Page 138 ---
136 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the 
Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services to, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.]”/ []] 
4.  
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, 
[USE OF PROCEEDS] AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[]  
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer are different 
from the [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus, will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
5. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
6. 
[(Floating Rate Notes only) – HISTORICAL INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from []. 
 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] which is provided 
by []. As at [date], [] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as 
amended 
[the 
“EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation”)] / or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established an maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK

--- Page 139 ---
137 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”)].  
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
[CFI:  
[[Include Code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
FISN:  
[[Include Code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”.)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/[give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[  ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable ]] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday

--- Page 140 ---
138 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon  
issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]]

--- Page 141 ---
139 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under such Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the 
case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 7 calendar days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 142 ---
140 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary 
Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment,  
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.) Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.  
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 143 ---
141 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment,  
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became 
void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with 
all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent 
and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect 
of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is entered pro rata in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, while all Notes are represented by a Global Note the definition of “Payment Business 
Day” means:  
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is in the case of payment by transfer 
to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is in the case of payment by 
transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Conditions 9(f), 9(h) or 9(i) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for

--- Page 144 ---
142 
the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal 
Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are), deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable 
law or regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).

--- Page 145 ---
143 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
   
The description of the Issuer is set out in the documents incorporated by reference in section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
The current credit ratings of the Issuer are as follows: 
Long-term rating 
Short-term rating 
Outlook 
Moody’s 
Baa3 
P-3 
Stable 
Standard & Poor’s 
BBB- 
A3 
Stable 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended  (the “EU CRA Regulation”). Moody’s Investor 
Service Ltd (“Moody’s”) is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s Germany”). Moody’s Germany is established in the EEA and 
is registered under the EU CRA Regulation and appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of 27 March 2023 on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. For purposes of 
the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings are issued by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
In order to have access to the latest ratings, Investors are invited to refer to the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 146 ---
144 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
As a complement to the Information Incorporated by Reference referred to in section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”, please see below. 
Sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau 
On 8 December 2023, ArcelorMittal announced that it had completed the sale of ArcelorMittal 
Temirtau, its Kazakh steel and mining operation, to the Qazaqstan Investment Corporation 
(“QIC”), a state-controlled direct investment fund. 
ArcelorMittal and the Government of Kazakhstan had been in discussion for some months to 
agree on a sustainable path forward for the integrated steelmaking asset, located in the 
Karaganda region. 
Under the terms of the transaction, on closing ArcelorMittal received consideration of $286 
million and a further $250 million as repayment of outstanding intra-group dues. ArcelorMittal 
will also receive an additional sovereign-fund guaranteed payment of $450 million, paid in four 
equal annual instalments, as repayment of an intra-group loan. 
All ArcelorMittal Temirtau assets (please refer to the Company’s consolidated accounts in the 
2022 Financial Statements and the 2023 HY Financials as well as the 9 November 2023 PR) 
were transferred on an “as is” operational basis, meaning QIC has as of 8 December 2023 
assumed control and accountability for ArcelorMittal Temirtau’s operations. 
ArcelorMittal also made a donation of approximately $35 million to the Kazakhstan Khalkyna 
Foundation, focused on healthcare and education projects in the Karaganda region. 
Wind Down of Long Steel Products Operations at ArcelorMittal South Africa Limited 
On 27 November 2023, as a result of weak economic conditions, a difficult trading environment 
and regional and competitive constraints beyond the Company’s control, ArcelorMittal South 
Africa announced that it intended to wind down the long steel facilities at Vereeniging Works, 
Newcastle Works and the rolling facilities which use Newcastle raw materials, subject to the 
consultation process with stakeholders and organised labour. 
Third Quarter Results 
On 9 November 2023, ArcelorMittal announced its results as of and for the three-month and 
nine-month periods ended 30 September 2023. See the 9 November 2023 PR incorporated by 
reference herein for more information.

--- Page 147 ---
145 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg withholding tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law 
as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may 
take effect after such date. The information contained within this section is limited to 
withholding taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out 
below to other areas of law, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving 
the Notes. 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes, which are not profit 
sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance 
with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, 
which has introduced a 20 per cent. withholding tax on savings income, which includes interest 
payable under the Notes. The 20 per cent. withholding tax is final only when the Luxembourg 
resident individual is acting in the context of the management of its private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the 
meaning of such law and not by the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
146 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of Montreal Europe PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank 
N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, SMBC Bank 
EU AG, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank GmbH (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 15 December 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such 
Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes, having the maturity of more 
than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising 
any Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 149 ---
147 
In addition, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, to the 
Issuer that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to 
the distribution or delivery of the Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member 
State”), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer 
of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation 
to any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of

--- Page 150 ---
148 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” and specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
 the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (as completed by the Final Terms) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:

--- Page 151 ---
149 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the UK. 
France  
Each of the Issuer and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France,  to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1o of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and it has only distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such 
qualified investors the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering materials 
relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that – without prejudice to paragraph “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors” above – the Notes may not, and will not, be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may or will copies of the Base Prospectus and any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 35, paragraph 1, letter 
d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (the 
“Intermediaries Regulation”), pursuant to Article 100, paragraph 1, letter a) of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services 
Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended (the “Issuers Regulation”); or

--- Page 152 ---
150 
(ii) in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the 
restrictions on offers to the public applies, including, without limitation, as provided under 
Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax, exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations, and, in 
particular, must be carried out: 
(a) by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1  September 1993 (the “Banking Law”), the Issuers Regulation and the 
Intermediaries Regulation, each as amended from time to time; 
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Law and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable), as amended 
from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
offering or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(c) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be, 
from time to time, imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that:   
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or 
indirectly, into or in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act ("FinSA"), except to investors that qualify as professional clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA, and no application has been or will be made to admit the Notes 
to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Issuer or the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or 
an equivalent document) as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has 
been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 51 of 
the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering or marketing material relating to the 
Issuer or the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, 
except to investors that qualify as professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA. 
Singapore 
Each relevant Dealer will be required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each 
relevant Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or

--- Page 153 ---
151 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 
or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation,  provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as 
a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable 
laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 154 ---
152 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuer obtained authorisation of the board of directors for this Base Prospectus on 
12 December 2023 and will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
2. 
Save as disclosed in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in 
item 11.3  “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” of the cross-reference table included in 
section “Information Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is 
not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or has had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Yield 
3. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Significant/Material Change  
4. 
Save as disclosed under “Recent Developments” on page 144 in this Base Prospectus and 
in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in Item 4.1.5 “Any 
recent events particular to the issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency” of the cross-reference table included in the section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” on pages 58 to 65 of this Base Prospectus, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2023 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Independent Auditors  
5. 
The annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 by Deloitte Audit Société à responsabilité limitée, a réviseur 
d’entreprises, who is a member of the Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises in 
Luxembourg and whose registered address is located at 20, boulevard de Kockelscheuer, 
L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. As of the Issuer’s Annual General 
Meeting of 4 May 2022, Deloitte Audit was replaced by Ernst & Young Société Anonyme 
(“Ernst & Young”) as the Issuer’s independent auditor. The annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer have been audited for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the 
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2023 have been reviewed by Ernst & Young, a réviseur d’entreprises, who is a

--- Page 155 ---
153 
member of the Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises in Luxembourg and whose registered 
address is located at 35E, avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg. 
Documents on Display  
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the offices of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
branch at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
for twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the statuts coordonnés of the Issuer dated 28 April 2023 (the “Articles of 
Association”); 
(b) 
the 2022 Form 20-F; 
(c) 
the 2022 Financial Statements; 
(d) 
the 2021 Financial Statements; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and 
definitive form);  
(h) 
the Issuer ICSDs Agreement; 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023, including any future 
supplements thereto (copies of which will be obtainable free of charge and not 
just available for inspection); and 
(j) 
any Final Terms relating to the Notes which are listed on any stock exchange 
(copies of which will be obtainable free of charge as well and not just available 
for inspection). (In the case of any Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders). 
In addition, the Articles of Association, the 2022 Form 20-F, the 2022 Financial 
Statements, the 2021 Financial Statements, the Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating 
to the Notes and the certain sections of the Agency Agreement shall be made available 
on the Issuer’s website: https://corporate.arcelormittal.com/investors/fixed-income-
investors/emtn-programme.  
Material Contracts  
7. 
Save as disclosed in the Information Incorporated by Reference as cross-referenced in 
Item 12 “Material Contracts” of the cross-reference table included in the section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not 
entered into any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course of its business,

--- Page 156 ---
154 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. The address of Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, 
avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 2EULGUTUI56JI9SAL165. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
9. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest 
between any duties owed to the Issuer by members of its administrative, management 
and supervisory bodies and their private interests or other duties. 
Final Terms 
10. 
The Final Terms referred to in this Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus as supplemented and will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services, including corporate finance services, to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or with its affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or to the Issuer’s affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short

--- Page 157 ---
155 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term 
“affiliates” includes also parent companies. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
 
12. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates. Specifically, the Conditions specify that the 
Floating Rate Notes may be calculated based on benchmarks such as EURIBOR, SONIA 
or SOFR (as defined in the Conditions), whose administrators include the European 
Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, respectively. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
13. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, EMMI, appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by ESMA (the “ESMA 
Benchmarks Register”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, 
does not appear on the ESMA Benchmarks Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, does not appear on 
the ESMA Benchmarks Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as administrator of SOFR, is not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
14. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 158 ---
156 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ArcelorMittal 
24-26, boulevard d’Avranches 
L-1160 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of Montreal Europe 
PLC 
6th floor, 2 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052  
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
France  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane, 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
24 Avenue Marnix  
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 
94Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Main Tower 18th Floor 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 159 ---
157 
FISCAL AGENT and PAYING AGENT  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
BNP Paribas  
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
12, rue de Tilsitt 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law: 
Elvinger Hoss Prussen 
Société anonyme 
2, Place Winston Churchill 
L-1340 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte Audit S.à r.l. 
20, boulevard de Kockelscheuer 
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
35E, avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
 
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London  EC2A 4EB 
United Kingdom