--- Page 1 ---
i 
Base Prospectus dated 09 June 2023 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with  
registered number 146155) LEI: 254900MX83FZ8VWTKQ75 
Programme for the issuance of exchange traded 
products linked to cryptoassets 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) is issued by Archax Capital Issuer Limited (the “Issuer”) in respect of its programme for the issuance of 
exchange traded products linked to cryptoassets (the “Programme”). Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue undated, limited 
recourse, non-interest bearing exchange traded debt securities (“Securities”). The Securities are issued on the terms and conditions set out in this 
Base Prospectus (the “Master Conditions”) as completed and amended and/or varied by the final terms in respect of the relevant Series of Securities 
(the “Final Terms”). 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Base Prospectus in full (including, without limitation, the section 
headed “Risk Factors”) before making an investment in any Securities.  
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issue of Securities by the Issuer. The Issuer may from time to time issue Securities under the Programme which 
are either: 
 
linked to a single type of cryptoasset (“Single Coin Securities”); or 
 
linked to an index comprised on one or more different cryptoasset (“Index Securities”).  
Securities are intended to provide investors with a return equivalent to holding the relevant underlying cryptoasset (in the case of Single Coin 
Securities) or cryptoassets (in the case of Index Securities) (each an “Underlying Asset”), less certain fees, costs and expenses as set out in the 
Master Conditions.  
The Securities are complex, structured products which may involve a significant degree of risk and may not be suitable or appropriate 
for all types of investor. Any person wishing to invest should seek appropriate financial, tax and other advice from an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and qualifications. An investment in the Securities is only suitable for persons 
who understand the economic risk of such investment (including the risks of the Underlying Assets) and are able to bear the risk for an 
indefinite period of time. A prospective investor should be aware that the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in the 
Securities may be lost. 
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Securities which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the Securities, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Securities. In particular, this Base Prospectus contains: 
(A) a description of the key features of the Programme; (B) the key risks of an investment in the Securities; (C) a description of how a prospective 
investor’s return on the Securities is calculated; and (D) an explanation of how the legal documents for the Programme operate together. 
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning given to them 
in the Master Definitions and Construction Terms. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain technical terms including references to 
legislation have been included in their original language so that the meaning may be ascribed to them under the relevant law. 
Has this Base Prospectus been approved? 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). It has 
been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the “Swedish FSA”), as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (such approval the “Swedish FSA Approval”). The Swedish FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
This document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
However, the Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under (A) the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or (B) 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be (“Exempt Securities”) under this Base Prospectus. Neither the Swedish FSA nor any other 
regulatory authority has approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities. 
The Base Prospectus will be registered in Switzerland with the reviewing body SIX Exchange Regulation AG or another FINMA approved reviewing 
body, as a foreign prospectus that is also deemed to be approved in Switzerland pursuant to Article 54 paragraph 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on 
Financial Services (“FinSA”) together with the Ordinance on Financial Services for inclusion on the list of approved prospectus pursuant to Article 
64 para. 5 FinSA, deposited with this reviewing body and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA. 
How long is this document valid? 
This Base Prospectus is valid, for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for a maximum period of twelve months from the Swedish FSA 
Approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
For Securities which are not Exempt Securities, the Final Terms set out the information relevant to the specific Series of Securities to which they 
relate. This includes the number of Securities to be issued, the quantity and type of Underlying Asset(s) which each Security is entitled to (known 
as the “Coin Entitlement”), the Transaction Parties and certain fees and costs applicable to the Series to be issued. 
For each Series of Exempt Securities, the information relevant to the particular Series will be set out in a final terms document for Exempt Securities 
(the “Final Terms for Exempt Securities” and references herein to the “Final Terms” in respect of a Series of Securities shall, in relation to any 
Series of Exempt Securities, be read as references to “Final Terms for Exempt Securities”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Terms for Exempt 
Securities do not constitute “final terms” as such term is used under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that the information is not set out in this Base Prospectus, but 
is publicly available to prospective investors elsewhere and is deemed part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should ensure that they 
review this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference) and the applicable Final Terms carefully.  
A copy of this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference) is available at www.archax.capital (the “Issuer’s Website”). 
Arranger 
Archax Capital Ltd (the “Arranger”)

--- Page 3 ---
Contents 
iii 
CONTENTS 
Section 
What is covered 
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME 
A general description of the key features of 
the Programme. 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
The risks specific to the Issuer and/or the 
Securities and material for taking an informed 
investment decision. Prospective investors 
should carefully read and understand this 
section. 
13 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Certain important disclosures in relation to the 
Programme. 
43 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
A description of any conflicts of interest 
relating to the Programme. 
57 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE 
SECURITIES 
An overview of the Securities, including how 
investors return is calculated. 
59 
OVERVIEW OF THE UNDERLYING 
ASSETS AND RELEVANT 
MARKETS 
A description of the market for Underlying 
Assets. 
76 
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE
A description of how the transaction 
documents operate together. 
81 
MASTER CONDITIONS
The contractual terms of the Securities. 
84 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
Additional conditions relating to the holding of 
the Securities in clearing systems. 
138 
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS
Description of the custody of the Underlying 
Assets 
140 
OVERSIGHT SERVICE 
AGREEMENT 
Description of the oversight service 
agreement. 
142 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
Description of the security granted by the 
Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
143

--- Page 4 ---
Contents 
iv 
Section 
What is covered 
Page
REDEMPTION EVENTS 
A summary of certain events that result in 
redemption of the Securities. 
145 
SALE OR TRANSFER OF 
UNDERLYING ASSETS, 
ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY 
AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
A summary of provisions relating to sale or 
transfer of the Underlying Asset, enforcement 
of security and limited recourse. 
147 
THE ISSUER
A description of the Issuer. 
150 
THE ADMINISTRATOR AND 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
A description of the Administrator and 
Determination Agent. 
155 
THE CUSTODIAN
A description of the Custodian. 
156 
THE ARRANGER 
A description of the Arranger. 
157 
THE TRUSTEE 
A description of the Trustee. 
158 
THE REGISTRAR AND ISSUING 
AND PAYING AGENT 
A description of the Registrar and Issuing and 
Paying Agent. 
159 
TAXATION
An overview of certain taxation considerations 
relating to a holding of the Securities. 
160 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
A summary of certain restrictions regarding 
the offer and sale of the Securities. 
168 
GENERAL INFORMATION
Certain additional information relating to the 
Securities. 
177 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The template for the Final Terms to be used 
for specific issuances. 
180 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
An index of all defined terms used in this Base 
Prospectus. 
191

--- Page 5 ---
General Description of the Programme 
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Master Conditions 
of any particular Series of Securities, the applicable Final Terms. This overview constitutes a 
general description of the Programme for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.
PARTIES
Issuer:
The Issuer is incorporated as a public company in Jersey and its 
principal activity is the issuance of the Securities and entry into related 
transactions. 
Arranger: 
Archax Capital Ltd 
The Arranger arranges the Programme and provides certain 
administrative and operational services in respect of the Programme 
and is paid a fee by the Issuer in respect of such services. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
The Trustee holds the assets granted as security for the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of each Series of Securities on trust for itself and 
the other Secured Creditors. 
Custodian: 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited or any other Custodian appointed with 
respect to any Series of Securities. 
The Custodian holds the Underlying Assets in relation to a Series of 
Securities in the Issuer’s secured account. 
Administrator: 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
The Administrator provides certain administrative and corporate 
services to the Issuer. 
Issuing and 
Paying Agent: 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
In respect of Securities cleared via CREST, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent processes subscriptions and redemptions of the Securities via 
CREST. 
Paying Agent(s): 
The Issuing and Paying Agent and any additional Paying Agents 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of any 
Securities that are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Swiss Paying 
Agent will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of any Securities cleared through a clearing system other 
than CREST, the Paying Agent(s) make payments to Securityholders 
via the Relevant Clearing System. 
Registrar: 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
The Registrar maintains the register and records of Securityholders in 
Jersey.

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
2
Determination 
Agent: 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
The Determination Agent makes certain determinations in respect of 
Series the Securities. 
Authorised 
Participants: 
To establish liquidity for the Securities, the Issuer enters into 
agreements with one or more Authorised Participants in respect of the 
creation and redemption of the Securities.  
Authorised Participants will deliver the relevant Underlying Asset(s) to 
the secured account with the Custodian and, on receipt of such 
Underlying Asset(s), the Issuer will create and deliver the Securities to 
the Authorised Participants.  
The Authorised Participant(s) for each Series of Securities will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or published on the Issuer’s 
Website. 
Market Maker(s) 
The Market Maker(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and/or published on the Issuer’s Website. 
Documentation: 
The Securities are governed by the Master Conditions, as completed 
and amended and/or varied by the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer’s relationship with the relevant transaction parties is 
governed by agreements entered into on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus in respect of all Series of Securities or certain master terms, 
each of which set out the Issuer’s agreement with each Transaction 
Party. Each Series of Securities will be issued by the execution of a 
Constituting Document, under which the relevant transaction parties 
agree to enter into agreements on the form of the relevant master terms 
for the purposes of that Series of Securities.  
See the section headed “Programme Structure”. 
FORM OF SECURITIES
Form and issue 
method: 
Securities will be issued in Series, with the Securities of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities of that 
Series. The Issuer may issue further Tranches of a Series of Securities 
from time to time.
The Securities may be issued in registered form or uncertificated form 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securities issued under the Programme will be non-interest bearing, 
undated, secured, debt obligations of the Issuer. The Securities do not 
pay dividends or interest. Securities will be limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
3
APPLICATION AND REDEMPTION PROCESS
Applications 
and 
redemptions: 
It is intended each Series of Securities will be subject to a continual and 
ongoing issuance and redemption mechanism under which Authorised 
Participant(s) may subscribe for new Securities or redeem existing 
Securities in accordance with the Master Conditions and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement(s). In certain circumstances, Securityholders 
that are not Authorised Participants may also request the issuance or 
redemption of Securities, with the redemption of Securities to be settled 
either physically or in cash. The Issuer may charge Securityholders a 
Redemption Fee to redeem Securities directly with the Issuer. The level 
of such fee will be notified to Securityholders by the Issuer on receipt of 
a request for redemption. The Securities may also redeem compulsorily 
in certain circumstances, and the Issuer will give notice of such 
compulsory redemption. See “Redemption Events”. 
The Issuer may, at any time in its sole discretion, suspend the right to 
request subscriptions of any Series of Securities. 
Flow of funds:
A prospective investor may buy and sell Securities in cash on a 
Relevant Exchange (as defined in the Master Conditions) on which such 
Securities are admitted to trading, or in “over-the-counter” transactions 
directly with Authorised Participants. To establish liquidity for the 
Securities, the Issuer enters into agreements with Authorised 
Participants in respect of the creation and redemption of the Securities. 
Any cash paid by a prospective investor in respect of these transactions 
is not received by the Issuer. Instead, such cash would be paid to the 
relevant Authorised Participant and the relevant Authorised Participant 
will deliver the relevant Underlying Asset(s) to the Issuer’s account with 
the Custodian in an amount required under the Master Conditions and 
in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. In 
certain circumstances, the Issuer may elect to accept cash applications 
from Authorised Participants or Securityholders, in which the 
Authorised Participants or Securityholders, will deliver cash to an 
account of the Issuer in an amount required under the Master 
Conditions and in accordance with the Authorised Participant 
Agreements (as applicable), which the Issuer will then apply to acquire 
the relevant Underlying Assets in an amount required under the Master 
Conditions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends 
for all subscriptions (and redemptions) for any Series of Securities to be 
effected physically through delivery by the Authorised Participant (or to 
the Authorised Participant) of the relevant Underlying Asset(s). 
In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants on a 
Business Day, the Issuer irrevocably undertakes to give a notice to 
confirm that Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants may 
request the redemption of Securities of a Series directly with the Issuer. 
The Issuer confirms that in these circumstances, Securityholders who 
are not Authorised Participants will be able to receive redemption via 
the Cash Redemption Procedures unless they opt for redemption via

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
4
the Physical Redemption Procedures as detailed in (and subject as 
provided in) the Master Conditions. 
Each Authorised Participant will be a reputable bank or financial 
services institution experienced in dealing in or brokering transactions 
in Cryptoassets or assets that are similar to Cryptoassets subject to the 
appropriate regulation to carry out such activity in: (i) the European 
Union; (ii) Jersey; (iii) the United Kingdom; and/or (iv) any other 
jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting 
higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services 
business published by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from 
time to time (the “JFSC AML/CFT Handbook”). Should an Authorised 
Participant appointed by the Issuer be located in a jurisdiction that, 
following to its appointment, becomes a country or territory identified as 
presenting higher risks in the JFSC AML/CFT Handbook, the Issuer 
shall exercise its contractual rights to terminate the Authorised 
Participant’s appointment as soon as practicable. 
The Issuer will create the Securities and deliver them to the Authorised 
Participants via the Relevant Clearing System (such as CREST). The 
Issuer may charge the Authorised Participant fees in respect of the 
creation of Securities, as agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participant. The Authorised Participant may then sell the Securities on 
a Relevant Exchange on which such Securities are admitted to trading, 
sell the Securities in “over-the-counter” transactions or hold the 
Securities.  
Prospective investors may be charged fees to purchase or sell any 
Securities, by Authorised Participants, intermediaries or brokers or by a 
Relevant Exchange on which Securities are listed. Prospective 
investors should speak to their broker or intermediary and seek advice 
on the details of any such fees. 
Once issued, the relevant Underlying Asset(s) (either delivered by the 
Authorised Participants or acquired by the Issuer) will be held with the 
Custodian as security for the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
5
A diagrammatic overview of the contractual structure and flow of funds 
is set out below: 
UNDERLYING ASSET(S) 
Underlying 
Asset(s): 
Single Coin Securities will be linked to the Underlying Asset specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, being a particular type of a cryptoasset. 
Index Securities will be linked to the Underlying Assets specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, being one or more types of cryptoassets. Such 
types of cryptoassets will correspond to the cryptoassets which 
comprise the components of the relevant index. The components of 
indices may be rebalanced from time to time which may result in a 
change to the cryptoassets to which the relevant Index Securities are 
linked. 
For all Securities, the relevant Underlying Asset(s) will have 
characteristics whereby, taken together, they demonstrate a capacity to 
produce funds and assets to service the Issuer’s obligations due under 
the Securities. 
Furthermore, for all Securities (save for Exempt Securities) the relevant 
Underlying Asset(s) must be Eligible Underlying Asset(s), as 
determined on the issue date of the relevant Securities and on the date 
on which the relevant index is rebalanced in the case of Underlying 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation 
p.l.c.
Arranger: 
Archax Capital Ltd 
Auditor: 
Baker Tilly Channel 
Islands Limited 
Issuer: 
Archax Capital 
Issuer Limited 
Authorised 
Participants 
Relevant 
Exchange/OTC
Clearing System
CREST 
Custodian:
Sub / Red 
Wallet 
Custodian:
Komainu 
(Jersey) 
Limited 
or any other 
Custodian 
Trust Deed 
Administration 
and 
Determination 
Agency 
Agreement 
Registrar
Agreement 
Movement of Securities / 
cash
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement(s)
Staking of 
Underlying 
Asset(s) 
Custody 
Agreement 
Delivery of 
relevant 
Underlying 
Asset(s) 
Blockchain
Administrator and 
Determination Agent:
JTC Fund Solutions 
(Jersey) Limited 
Registrar and Issuing
and Paying Agent:
Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited
Arrangement 
Agreement

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
6
Asset(s) which are added to the relevant index in the case of Index 
Securities and a rebalancing. 
Eligible 
Underlying 
Asset(s): 
The Eligible Underlying Assets shall be cryptoassets that are among 
the top fifty cryptoassets as measured by market capitalisation. See 
“Economic Overview of Securities” for further information. 
CUSTODY AND SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
Custody: 
The Underlying Assets in respect of a Series of Securities will be held 
in safe custody by the Custodian in a segregated custody account 
secured by the Custodian (the “Custody Account”). 
The Custody Account will be operated via a Custodian portal and 
authorised via hardware personal security devices or digitally and will 
be subject to the security granted to the Trustee in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities. See “Security Arrangements” and 
“Custody Arrangements”. 
Staking: 
If supported by the Custodian in respect of an Underlying Asset, the 
Issuer may elect to stake or vote the Underlying Assets in respect of 
any Series of Securities by delivering an instruction to the Custodian in 
accordance with the Custody Agreement. The Custodian will comply 
with any instruction from the Issuer to stake or vote the Underlying 
Assets held in the Custody Account in accordance with the Custody 
Agreement. In respect of a Series, where Staking is applicable, the 
Custodian shall, if instructed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Custody Agreement, transfer to the Issuer of the relevant Series any 
rewards which may be payable in respect of such staking or voting, 
minus any commission payable to the Custodian and any network fees 
and other applicable costs as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Custodian from time to time in each case, pursuant to the 
instructions from the Issuer, allocated to the holders of Securities of the 
relevant Series. 
See the section headed “Custody Arrangements”. 
Security: 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of each Series of Securities are 
secured over all of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest in respect of the 
Underlying Assets (including all property, income, sums or other assets 
derived therefrom), the relevant Custody Agreement, any bank 
accounts (present and future) maintained with any account bank or 
custodian opened in respect of such Series of Securities, any 
agreement (present or future) with any such account bank or custodian, 
and any sums relating to such Series of Securities standing to the credit 
thereof and all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or the Custodian 
(the “Transaction Security” and the assets subject to the Transaction 
Security being the “Secured Property”). There are no credit 
enhancements or liquidity support in relation to the Securities.

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
7
The Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Trustee who holds 
the Secured Property on trust for itself, the Custodian and the 
Securityholders (the “Secured Creditors”).
See the section headed “Security Arrangements”. 
Enforcement 
and order of 
priority: 
On the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its 
discretion (and shall if directed in writing by holders of at least 25 per 
cent. in number of the Securities of the relevant Series then outstanding 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution), in each case subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, enforce 
the Transaction Security. 
The Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured 
Property received by it under the Trust Deed on trust, and apply them: 

first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, 
expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts due to the Trustee 
or any receiver; 

second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, 
expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts due to the 
Custodian; 

third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of the aggregate 
Redemption Amount to Securityholders; and 

fourth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may 
direct. 
See the sections headed “Security Arrangements” and “Sale or Transfer 
of the Underlying Assets, Enforcement of Security and Limited 
Recourse”. 
REDEMPTION 
Redemption 
Events: 
The Securities are perpetual and have no fixed maturity date. The 
Securities will only redeem on the occurrence of a Redemption Event. 
Optional Redemption 
The Securities may be redeemed by a Securityholder who is an 
Authorised Participant (or, where there are no Authorised Participants 
or where the Issuer notifies the Securityholders that such redemptions 
are permitted) by a Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant, 
in each case by submitting a valid redemption order. 
If the Determination Agent determines that the market value of the 
Securities falls below a certain threshold value, the Issuer may suspend 
the right to request redemptions.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
8
Compulsory Redemption 
The Securities will be redeemed compulsorily on occurrence of any of 
the following events: 
 
at the discretion of the Issuer on giving not less than 30 calendar 
days’ notice to Securityholders; 
 
on the insolvency of the Issuer; 
 
in the absolute discretion of the Issuer where, following a written 
notice delivered by the Issuer to a Securityholder requiring that 
Securityholder to provide, within 10 Business Days of such notice, 
an executed certificate and evidence satisfactory to the Issuer that 
such Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder; (i) that 
Securityholder certifies that it is a Prohibited Securityholder; or (ii) 
that Securityholder fails to provide an executed certificate in the 
form and manner required under the Master Conditions as to its 
status as a Prohibited Securityholder within 10 Business Days 
from the date of the Issuer’s notice;  
 
where it becomes illegal or impossible for the Issuer to issue or 
deal with the Securities or hold, or deal with, the Underlying 
Assets; or 
 
following an Event of Default. 
See the section headed “Redemption Events”.
Redemption 
Procedures: 
The redemption process depends on whether the Securities are 
redeemed in accordance with the Physical Redemption Procedures or 
the Cash Redemption Procedures. The Securities may be redeemed in 
accordance with the Cash Redemption Procedures where the Issuer 
makes an announcement permitting such redemption or where there 
are no Authorised Participants, in each case in accordance with the 
Master Conditions. 
Physical Redemption Procedures 
Where the Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures, the Issuer will instruct the Custodian, in 
accordance with the Custody Agreement, to transfer an amount equal 
to the Coin Entitlement of the Underlying Asset(s) to the account of the 
Securityholder via the relevant Authorised Participant. In respect of 
Index Securities, such transfer will be comprised of amounts of the 
relevant Underlying Assets equal to the Individual Coin Entitlement for 
the relevant Underlying Assets. 
Cash Redemption Procedures 
Where the Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Cash 
Redemption Procedures, the Issuer will arrange the sale of the 
Underlying Asset(s). The Issuer will then transfer an amount in the Base

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9
Currency equal to the Redemption Amount to the Securityholder 
through the Relevant Clearing System via the relevant Authorised 
Participant. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends that all 
Securities will be redeemed in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures. 
RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The amount an investor is entitled to on redemption is calculated by 
reference to the Coin Entitlement, which is a quantity of Underlying 
Asset(s) which each Securityholder is entitled to, minus certain costs 
and expenses known as Redemption Deductions. In respect of Index 
Securities, such Coin Entitlement is comprised on each Individual Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Underlying Assets comprised in the relevant 
Index. 
The Initial Coin Entitlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and reduces on a daily basis to take account of the per annum Arranger 
Fee charged by the Issuer. The Redemption Deductions reflects the 
necessary costs and expenses actually incurred by the Issuer in relation 
to the transfer or sale of the Underlying Asset. The Redemption 
Deductions are expressed using the concept of the Coin Equivalent, 
which converts the amount of the costs and expenses incurred by the 
Issuer in fiat currency into the relevant Underlying Asset(s).  
The form of an investor’s return on redemption will depend on whether 
the Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures or the Cash Redemption Procedures. 
Physical Redemption 
Where the Securities are subject to physical redemption, the 
Redemption Amount in respect of a Security is calculated as: (A) the 
Coin Entitlement for that Security; minus (B) the Coin Equivalent of that 
Security’s share of any related Redemption Deductions. 
Cash Redemption 
Where the Securities are subject to cash redemption, the Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Security is calculated as the quotient of: (A)(i) 
the net proceeds actually realised from the sale of an amount of 
Underlying Asset(s) equal to the Coin Entitlement for such Series; and 
(ii) the proportion that the Security bears to the total number of 
Securities of such Series; minus (B) the Coin Equivalent of that 
Security’s share of any related Redemption Deductions. 
See the section headed “Economic overview of the Securities”, which 
includes worked examples of the return on the Securities in certain 
hypothetical circumstances.

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10
LISTING AND OFFERING 
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading 
The Series of Securities will be admitted to trading on Deutsche Börse 
Xetra (“Xetra”) and SIX Swiss Exchange. The Series of Securities may 
be admitted to trading on Archax MTF.  
Application may be made for Series of Securities to be admitted to the 
exchange or exchanges specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(including one or more multilateral trading facilities or “MTFs”) (each, a 
“Relevant Exchange”). 
There cannot be any guarantee that admission to listing or trading will 
be obtained or, if so obtained, will be maintained in respect of any Series 
of Securities. Nor can there be any guarantee that any Series of 
Securities will be admitted to a Relevant Exchange upon issuance. 
Xetra is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Swedish FSA Approval 
specified on page (i) relates only to the Securities which are to be 
admitted to trading on Xetra or other regulated markets for the purposes 
of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being “listed” (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Securities have been admitted 
to trading on a Relevant Exchange, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Selling 
restrictions: 
Save for the approval of the Prospectus by the Swedish FSA which 
allows for a public offering of the Securities in Sweden and any 
notification of the approval to other EEA Member States in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public 
offer in such Member States, no representation is made that any action 
has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any applicable Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11
UK Prospectus Regulation. Securities are not permitted to be sold to or 
purchased by persons resident in Jersey (other than financial 
institutions in the normal course of business). 
Clearing and 
settlement: 
The Securities may be issued in registered form or uncertificated form 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The settlement of transactions in respect of the Securities will take place 
in 
CREST, 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Frankfurt, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other recognised clearing system in which 
Securities may be cleared (the “Relevant Clearing System”). The 
Relevant Clearing System for any Series of Securities will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
To the extent that settlement of transactions in the Securities takes 
place in CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement 
procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) to be 
evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such 
Securities electronically with effective delivery versus payment, the 
Securities are participating securities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends that the 
Relevant Clearing System in respect of any Series of Securities will be 
CREST. 
In Switzerland, all Securities traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be 
settled through SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland and any additional 
clearing system approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange AG, Zurich, 
Switzerland. Once the Securities are registered with and entered into 
the main register of SIX SIS AG and entered in the securities account 
of one or more participants, the Securities will qualify as intermediated 
securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Federal Act on 
Intermediated Securities. 
OTHER TERMS
Limited 
recourse: 
The Securities are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Each 
Series of Securities will be secured by a security interest created in 
favour of the Trustee over the assets allocated to a Series of Securities. 
If the proceeds of enforcement of the security interest in such assets 
are not sufficient to meet all of its obligations, debts or liabilities in 
respect of the Series of Securities, the Issuer’s obligations, debts or 
liabilities in respect of the Securities will be limited to those proceeds. 
No other assets of the Issuer nor any assets relating to any other Series 
will be available to meet any shortfall.
See the section headed “Sale or Transfer of the Underlying Assets, 
Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse”. 
Withholding tax: 
All payments and/or deliveries in respect of any Securities will be 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives, and will be made subject to any withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12
any nature (including pursuant to FATCA) that the Issuer or any Agent 
is required by Applicable Law to make. If any such withholding or 
deduction is required, no additional amounts will be paid by the Issuer 
or any Agent in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
Further issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Securities of a Series on 
the same terms as such existing Securities and on terms that such 
further Securities shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
existing Securities of the Series. 
Governing law: 
The Securities are governed by English law. 
Rating: 
Securities issued under the Programme are not expected to be rated.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
13
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective purchasers of Securities (“investors” or “prospective investors”) should 
carefully consider the following information in conjunction with the other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, the information contained 
in the documents set out in the sections entitled “Important Information” and “Conflicts of 
Interest”, as well as any Final Terms before purchasing any Securities.  
The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the Issuer’s assessment (as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus) of the probability of their occurrence and the Issuer’s 
expectation of the magnitude of their adverse impact but investors should note that, in practice, 
any risk(s) may materialise and the magnitude of the associated impact may vary depending 
on the circumstances. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material 
risk factors in a category is/are presented first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in 
the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a 
risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once 
and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
The following risk factors set out those factors that the Issuer believes: 

represent the principal risks (including the market risks) inherent in investing in the 
Securities; 

may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities; and/or 

may be material (by reference to general criteria that are not particular to the specific 
circumstances of any individual prospective investor) for the purposes of investors 
making an informed investment decision in respect of the Securities. 
Investors should be aware that more than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with 
regard to the Securities, such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. 
In addition, more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect which may not be 
predictable. No assurance can be given as to the effect that any combination of risk factors 
may have on the value of the Securities. Investors must be aware that they may lose 
substantially all of their investment in the Securities. 
For the purposes of these risk factors, references to “Securityholders” or “holders” of 
Securities should generally be read as including holders of beneficial interests in such 
Securities, except where the context otherwise requires. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The only business of the Issuer is the issuance of Securities and the related purchase 
of the Underlying Assets and/or entering into related transactions. 
The Issuer will have no assets with which to make any payments under any Series of 
Securities or meet claims made against it other than the Secured Property in respect 
of that Series.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
14
Accordingly there are risks in investing in the Securities issued by the Issuer which 
differ from risks in investing in instruments issued by a trading entity with substantial 
assets and/or operations, as Securityholders take risk on the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and the Issuer is solely reliant on the Underlying Assets to meet its obligations 
under the Securities. 
1.2 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-proof 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote and will only contract (as provided for 
in the relevant Trust Deed) with parties who agree not to make any application for the 
commencement of winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings against the Issuer.  
However, there is no assurance that all claims that arise against the Issuer will be on 
the basis that such action will not be taken, or that such contractual provisions will 
necessarily be respected in all jurisdictions, in particular where claims arise from third 
parties that have no direct contractual relationship with the Issuer or if the Issuer fails 
for any reason to comply with its contractual obligations (including the obligation only 
to contract on a “non-petition” basis). 
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-
petition provisions in respect of the Issuer may be entitled to make an application for 
the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. The commencement 
of such proceedings may entitle such a creditor to terminate contracts with the Issuer 
and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such termination. If the Securities 
remain outstanding at the time that any insolvency proceedings are commenced, this 
will constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event and lead to redemption of each Series of 
Securities and related enforcement actions. Such redemption may take place at a time 
when the price of the Underlying Asset(s) is unfavourable to Securityholders. This may 
result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than they had anticipated 
in circumstances over which they have no control. 
1.3 
The Issuer is operated by an administrator 
The Issuer has appointed and is operated by the Administrator in accordance with the 
Administration and Determination Agency Agreement. The Administrator is an 
independent, third party entity which has agreed to provide certain administrative, 
accounting and related services to the Issuer. The majority of the directors of the Issuer 
are employees of the Administrator. 
The operations of the Issuer may be adversely affected by the termination of the 
appointment of the Administrator, the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Administrator or 
any default, negligence or fraud on the part of the Administrator or any of its employees 
or agents. 
1.4 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation which, if violated, 
could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made 
by the Issuer 
The Issuer may be subject to legislation and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal 
payments and money laundering (including tax evasion) as well as laws, sanctions and

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
15
restrictions relating to certain individuals and countries. If the Issuer were determined 
by the relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation or regulations, it 
could become subject to significant penalties, including in certain cases criminal 
penalties.  
Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on the timing and amount 
of payments or deliveries made by the Issuer to Securityholders in respect of the 
Securities. A breach of the relevant legislation in respect of one Series of Securities 
may affect the legal and regulatory treatment of all Series of Securities issued by the 
Issuer. This may ultimately lead to a compulsory redemption of the Securities at a time 
when the price of the Underlying Asset(s) may be unfavourable to Securityholders and 
at a time over which Securityholders have no control. In circumstances where the Issuer 
has been found to be in violation of such legislation and regulations, the Custodian may 
suspend the Issuer’s access to the Underlying Asset(s) and the Issuer may be unable 
to make any transfers of Underlying Assets in respect of its obligations under the 
Securities. Such events are likely to have a negative impact on the return on the 
Securities. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Securities  
2.1 
The Issuer’s obligations are limited recourse 
The Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Payments or 
deliveries due in respect of any Series of Securities (including the Redemption Amount) 
will be made solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Secured Property relating to that Series.  
If such amounts are insufficient to make payments or deliveries in respect of the 
Securities, no other assets will be available to Securityholders and any outstanding 
claim against the Issuer will be extinguished. In such circumstances Securityholders 
may lose some or all of their investment. 
2.2 
Securities represented by Global Registered Certificates or Uncertificated 
Securities, investors will have to rely on the procedures and practices in effect 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) and 
the Relevant Clearing System 
While the Securities are represented by Global Registered Certificates or Uncertificated 
Securities, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Securities by 
making payments to the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar (as the case 
may be) for distribution to the account holders. Prospective investors will be reliant on 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) and the 
Relevant Clearing Systems for receipt of payments due and therefore will be exposed 
to loss in the event of any failure to process such payments. 
2.3 
Decisions made by written resolution of the Securityholders or by Extraordinary 
Resolution are binding on all Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders of each 
Series (including by ways other than physical meetings) to consider any matter affecting

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
16
their interests, including obtaining written resolutions on matters relating to the 
Securities. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities of the relevant Series who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the Trust Deed 
shall be deemed to be an Extraordinary Resolution.  
In certain circumstances, the Issuer and the Trustee will also be entitled to rely upon 
approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
relevant clearing system. 
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be obtained in 
connection with any matter affecting the interests of Securityholders. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders, including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the 
relevant resolution and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The interests of the Securityholders forming the required majority may not coincide with 
those of other Securityholders and, accordingly, a Securityholder may be adversely 
affected by a decision made or action taken by other Securityholders without its 
consent. 
2.4 
Directions from certain minorities of Securityholders will bind all Securityholders 
Following a direction in writing by holders of not less than 25 per cent. in number of the 
Securities, the Trustee may declare that an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred 
leading to enforcement of the security in respect of a Series of Securities, or that the 
Transaction Security in respect of a Series of Securities is enforceable.  
Any such action taken by the Trustee to enforce the Transaction Security shall be 
binding on all Securityholders, even those that did not so direct the Trustee.  
The interests of particular Securityholders who direct the Trustee as such may not 
coincide with (and may not be in the bests interest of) those of other Securityholders. 
The majority required to enforce the security is also lower than 50 per cent., meaning 
that the Transaction Security may be enforced even if only a minority of the 
Securityholders of a Series direct the Trustee accordingly, and all other Securityholders 
of that Series will be bound by that direction.  
2.5 
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances, agree to modifications, waivers and 
the substitution of the Issuer without the consent of the Securityholders 
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Securityholders, 
agree to: 
 
modifications to any of the Master Conditions and any of the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents made pursuant to and in accordance with the 
requirements set out in Condition 20.5 (FATCA and similar information);

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
17
 
any modification of any of the Master Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that is in its opinion of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error; 
 
any Issuer Technical Amendment pursuant to and in accordance with the 
requirements set out in Condition 21.3 (Issuer Technical Amendments); 
 
any other modification of any of the Master Conditions or any of the provisions 
of the Transaction Documents, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of any of the Master Conditions or any provisions of the 
Trust Deed and/or the Transaction Documents, that is, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the relevant 
Securityholders; and 
 
the substitution of another issuer as principal debtor under the Securities in 
place of the Issuer and a change of the law from time to time governing the 
Securities, the Trust Deed and/or the Transaction Documents in connection 
therewith (provided that the Trustee is provided with certain information and 
certain conditions are met) pursuant to Condition 21.4 (Issuer Substitution). 
Furthermore, the Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of 
Securityholders, determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall 
not be treated as such. 
The actions of the Trustee described above may result in changes to the Master 
Conditions of a Series of Securities and/or the Transaction Documents or may result in 
the Securities not being redeemed following an Event of Default when they may 
otherwise have been redeemed. These actions may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of the Securities and, in circumstances where the Trustee determines that an 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such, may result in Securityholders receiving 
an amount on redemption which may be less, or substantially less, than they had 
anticipated in circumstances over which the Securityholders have no control. 
2.6 
Any system failures, IT disruption or cyber-attacks may affect the Securities 
Any payments, transfers, determinations or any other actions with respect to the 
Securities may need to be processed, arranged or made by the relevant clearing 
system, a Relevant Exchange on which the Securities are admitted to trading, the 
Issuer and its software systems (including any systems established with Authorised 
Participants for the subscription and redemption of Securities) or any of the other 
Transaction Parties. If any computer or communications systems, any market 
infrastructure or any related arrangements were to experience any system failures, 
crashes, cyber-attacks, infections with malicious software or any other types of 
disruption or a force majeure event, that may have an adverse effect on the ability of 
the relevant parties to make or process the relevant payments, arrange any relevant 
transfers or deliveries, carry out any determinations or take any other actions that may 
be required under the terms of the Securities. This is particularly relevant given the 
nature of the Underlying Assets, as is further set out in paragraphs 4.5 (Blockchain 
risks) and 4.9 (Hacking) below. The Issuer, being a special purpose vehicle, is 
particularly dependent on the systems of transaction participants to ensure that

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
18
payments are made in respect of the Securities. A failure on the part of any of the 
transaction participants (as well as the Issuer itself) may have a significant adverse 
effect on payments, transfers or deliveries under the Securities and may result in such 
payments, transfers and/or deliveries being delayed or, potentially, not received at all. 
2.7 
Disruption and suspension 
On the occurrence of certain events as set out in Condition 13 (Disruption and 
Suspension), the Issuer may suspend or postpone any request for subscriptions or 
redemption of Securities. These events include: 
 
the Determination Agent determining that the prevailing market value of the 
Coin Entitlement is less than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
Security; 
 
trading and/or settlement in any Underlying Asset(s) is suspended or limited or 
any trading venue on which such Underlying Asset(s) trades is not open or has 
permanently discontinued; 
 
resignation of all Custodian(s) in respect of the relevant Series of Securities 
without a replacement having been appointed; and/or; 
 
the Secured Property in respect of a Series of Securities having been lost or is 
inaccessible; and/or 
 
in respect of subscriptions or redemptions only, at any time in the sole discretion 
of the Issuer. 
During the period that redemption of Securities is suspended, the market value of the 
relevant Underlying Assets (and therefore the market value of the Securities) may 
decrease significantly at a time when Securityholders may be unable to react. This may 
result in Securityholders receiving less, or significantly less, than they would have 
received had the relevant suspension not occurred. 
2.8 
General additional risks in relation to Index Securities 
The Index which is referenced by an Index Security will be comprised of one or more 
Cryptoassets. However, prospective investors should be aware that an investment in 
an Index Security is not the same as a direct investment in the Cryptoassets comprised 
in the relevant Index or a direct investment in the Index itself. As a result, changes in 
the level of the Index will not necessarily result in an equivalent change in the value of 
the Index Securities. In addition, the rules for calculation of the Index may include 
deductions for fees and/or other factors that affect how closely the Index tracks the 
price of the assets referenced by the Index and may also permit the Index Sponsor to 
make certain adjustments to the level of the Index. Any such deductions and 
adjustments may cause the level of the Index (and/or the value of the Index Securities) 
to diverge from the relevant Cryptoasset(s). 
Prospective investors should also be aware that Index Securities may not precisely 
replicate the composition (and therefore the performance of) the relevant Index. When

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
19
investing in the assets, the Issuer may invest in Underlying Assets that do not fully 
correlate to the weighting of each Cryptoasset in the Index. This is because the ability 
of the Issuer to effect a Rebalancing is dependent on (A) the price at which it is able to 
purchase and sell the relevant Cryptoassets affected by the Rebalancing; and (B) the 
ability of the Custodian to support the relevant Underlying Asset. Therefore, the 
Cryptoassets held in respect of an Index Security may differ from the components of 
the relevant Index and may be afforded different weightings to those specified in the 
relevant Index. Further divergence may result from the fact that Securities (other than 
Exempt Securities) must only reference Eligible Underlying Assets (determined as at 
the Issue Date or, in respect of additional Underlying Assets, on rebalancing) and so if 
the Index relating to any Index Securities is rebalanced so as to reference one or more 
cryptoassets which are not Eligible Underlying Assets, the Issuer will not acquire those 
cryptoassets in relation to the relevant Index Securities (unless the Index Securities are 
Exempt Securities). Consequently, the performance of those Index Securities is likely 
to diverge from the performance of the relevant Index. Prospective investors must form 
their own assessment of the likelihood of such divergence occurring. Any such 
divergence could result in the relevant Securities performing worse and potentially 
significantly worse than the relevant Index. 
Any divergence to the weightings and components of the Cryptoassets held in respect 
of Index Securities will cause the level of the Index to diverge from the value of the 
Index Securities. In certain circumstances, if the Issuer determines that the tracking 
error is too great, the Issuer may effect a Voluntary Rebalancing in order to minimise 
the tracking error, but there can be no guarantee that such Voluntary Rebalancing will 
result in the weighting and composition of the Cryptoassets held in respect of such 
Index Securities exactly reflecting the weighting of each constituent of the Index. 
2.9 
Index tracking 
The application of fees and other adjustments may cause the value of an Index Security 
to diverge from and not fully track the performance of the relevant Index for any given 
period of time. As a result, an investor may find that the return they achieve from an 
investment in Index Securities is less than the return they would have achieved from 
an alternative investment which is linked to the relevant Index and/or from a direct 
investment in the assets comprising the relevant Index. 
2.10 
Index performance 
Prospective investors should note that the value of Index Securities will be linked to the 
performance of the relevant Index and the Coin Entitlement in respect of Index 
Securities will as far as reasonably practicable consist of the Cryptoassets that 
comprise the relevant Index. Accordingly, prospective investors should be aware that 
Index Securities may be adversely affected by risks applicable to indices generally, as 
well as to market fluctuations in the price of the relevant Cryptoassets comprised in that 
Index. 
In particular, the level of an Index can go down as well as up and that the past 
performance of an Index will not be indicative of its future performance. There can be 
no assurance as to the future performance of any Index.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
20
Index Securities may trade differently from the performance of the relevant Index and 
changes in the level of the Index may not result in a comparable change in the value of 
the Index Securities. 
Accordingly, before investing in any Index Security, prospective investors are advised 
to carefully consider whether an investment which seeks to replicate the performance 
of the applicable Index is suitable for them and in all cases an investor in Index 
Securities are advised to carry out its own detailed review of the applicable Index and 
the rules relating thereto. 
2.11 
Index composition or discontinuance 
The relevant Index Sponsor in respect of any Index may add, delete or substitute any 
Cryptoasset that forms part of the Index or make other changes to the methodology for 
determining the asset(s) to be included in the Index or for valuing the Index. 
The composition of the Index may therefore change over time to satisfy the eligibility 
criteria applicable to the Index or where asset(s) currently included in the Index fail to 
satisfy such criteria. Such changes to the composition of the Index by the Index Sponsor 
may affect the level of the Index as a newly added asset may perform significantly 
worse or better than the asset it replaces. As the value of the Index Securities is 
influenced by the composition of the relevant Index, changes in the composition of the 
Index may therefore have an adverse effect on the value of the Index Securities and 
changes in the methodology of the Index may constitute an Adjustment Event and/or 
result in an Index Disruption Event and/or cause the early redemption of the Index 
Securities. 
The rules of the relevant Index may confer on the Index Sponsor in certain 
circumstances the right to make determinations, calculations, modifications and/or 
adjustments to the Index and the eligible components of the Index and related matters, 
which involve, in certain circumstances, a degree of discretion. The exercise of such 
discretion may result in the level of the Index on any day being different to that which it 
may have been had the Index Sponsor not determined to exercise such discretion. 
There can therefore be no assurance that the exercise of any such discretion by the 
Index Sponsor will not affect the level of the Index and/or alter the volatility of the Index 
and have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Index Securities. 
If the Index Sponsor discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index or 
fails to calculate or publish the level of an Index, the Index Securities will continue with 
no further amendments until the Index Sponsor continues or resumes calculation of the 
Index or an early redemption is carried out in respect of the Index Securities. 
2.12 
Rebalancing risk relating to an Index 
When the Weights of each Cryptoasset comprised in an Index are adjusted in 
accordance with the relevant index methodology, the Issuer will instruct the 
Determination Agent to sell Cryptoassets which forms part of the Secured Property for 
that Series of Index Security in order to purchase different Cryptoasset in order to 
match, as far as reasonably practicable the new Weights of each Cryptoasset 
comprised in the Index.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
21
It may not always be reasonably practicable to match the new Weights of each of the 
Cryptoassets comprised in the Index, including (without limitation), in circumstances 
where the relevant Cryptoasset is not supported by the Custodian or there is a market 
disruption affecting the relevant Cryptoasset during the Rebalancing Period. 
There is no requirement under the Programme to require the counterparty to any such 
sale to grant any security or provide any collateral in respect of the obligations it owes 
to the Issuer in respect of the sale. There may be circumstances in which such 
counterparty fails to perform its obligations under such sale and fails to pay the 
consideration for the purchase of the relevant Cryptoassets to the Issuer. There is a 
chance that the Issuer is unable to recover all of the relevant Cryptoassets which would 
have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Index Securities. 
Where the Coin Entitlement differs from the composition of the Index, changes in the 
level of the Index will not necessarily result in correlated changes to the value of the 
Index Securities. Therefore the value of the Index Securities may be less than a 
Securityholder may have expected if the value of the Index Securities was directly 
correlated to the level of the Index. 
2.13 
Conflict of Interest in relation to Index Sponsors 
Investors should be aware that no Index Sponsor has had regard to the interests of the 
Securityholders when creating any Index, and no Index Sponsor will be required to have 
a regard to the interests of the Securityholders when maintaining, modifying, 
rebalancing, reconstituting or discontinuing any Index. Actions taken by an Index 
Sponsor in respect of an Index may have an adverse impact on the value or liquidity of 
the Index Securities. The interests of an Index Sponsor and the Securityholders of the 
relevant Index Security may not be aligned. No Index Sponsor will have any 
responsibility or liability to Securityholders. 
3. 
Risks relating to redemption and enforcement 
3.1 
Issuer termination 
The Issuer may, upon giving not less than 30 calendar days’ notice, at any time in its 
discretion, elect to determine that any or all Securities are to be redeemed. In such 
event, the Issuer will apply for the trading of such Securities on the Relevant Exchange 
on which such Securities are admitted to trading to be suspended or cancelled and will 
notify the Securityholders on the date on which such trading will be so suspended or 
cancelled. In such event, this is likely to limit the liquidity of the Securities and 
Securityholders may be unable to trade in their Securities. During this period, the 
market value of the relevant Underlying Asset(s) may decrease significantly, which 
would have a negative impact on the market value of the Securities. The occurrence of 
such event could also lead to Securityholders receiving the Redemption Amount at a 
time where the price of the Underlying Asset(s) may be unfavourable, which will mean 
Securityholders will receive an amount which may be less than they had anticipated in 
circumstances over which the Securityholders have no control.  
Following a redemption of the Securities following an Issuer termination, 
Securityholders may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in a way that generates a

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
22
level of return as high as that on the Securities and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate of return. Prospective investors in the Securities should consider 
such reinvestment risk in light of other investments that are available to them.  
3.2 
Prohibited Securityholders 
The Issuer may, at any time without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a 
Securityholder requiring that Securityholder to provide an executed certificate (together 
with evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably) confirming that the 
Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder. 
The Issuer may redeem the Securities if: (a) following delivery of such notice, that 
Securityholder (i) certified that it is a Prohibited Securityholder; or (ii) failed to provide 
an executed certificate in the form and manner required under the Master Conditions; 
or (b) at any time the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion): (i) that the Securities are 
or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or 
requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own 
those Securities; or (ii) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding 
of those Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, 
cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders which 
it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred and/or expose any Transaction 
Party to a risk of violation of any law or regulation. 
If any Securityholder certifies that it is a Prohibited Securityholder, fails to respond to 
the Issuer’s notice or fails to provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer (or provides 
such evidence after the time required), or the Issuer consider the Securities are being 
held in breach of the circumstances in (b) above, then the Securities will be redeemed. 
The Securities may redeem at a time which is disadvantageous to the Securityholder, 
when the market value of the Underlying Assets (and therefore the Securities) is lower 
than may have been the case had the Securityholder sold its Securities on the Relevant 
Exchange. This may result in the Securityholder receiving less, or substantially less, 
than it may have otherwise received. 
3.3 
Illegality or impossibility 
In certain circumstances the Issuer may (acting reasonably) determine that it has 
become illegal or impossible to issue or hold the Securities or hold or deal with the 
Underlying Assets. If the Issuer makes such a determination, a Compulsory 
Redemption Event will occur and the Securities will be redeemed at the Redemption 
Amount. The Issuer could make such a determination at a time when the price of the 
Underlying Asset(s) is unfavourable, which will mean Securityholders will receive an 
amount on redemption which may be less, or substantially less, than they had 
anticipated in circumstances over which the Securityholders have no control.  
3.4 
Settlement Date 
On compulsory redemption of the Securities, the redemption will settle on the 
Settlement Date, being the Payment Business Day following the date on which the 
Issuer instructs for the transfer or sale of the Underlying Assets. The Master Conditions

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
23
give the Issuer (acting reasonably) discretion to determine that the Settlement Date 
may be any other date to facilitate an orderly redemption of the relevant Series of 
Securities. 
The risk of delayed settlement is more prevalent than with securities linked to traditional 
assets, given the security measures involved with the store and transfer of Underlying 
Assets, whereby the transfer of large amounts of the relevant Underlying Asset(s) from 
the Custodian and/or between Custodians may lead to delays.
Where the Settlement Date of a Series of Securities is delayed, this will result in 
Securityholders receiving the Redemption Amount later than they expected to. Any 
delay in the settlement of the Securities may mean the price of the Underlying Asset(s) 
may be less (or significantly less) than if the Securities had redeemed earlier.
3.5 
There may be adverse consequences of the occurrence of a Redemption Event 
and the liquidation of the Underlying Assets 
The Securities may be redeemed as a result of a Redemption Event. Where the 
Physical Redemption Procedures apply, the Redemption Amount will be calculated by 
reference to the Coin Entitlement for the relevant Series of Securities. Where the Cash 
Redemption Procedures apply, the Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference 
to the net proceeds actually realised from the sale of the Underlying Assets. 
Securityholders will therefore be exposed to the market value of the Underlying Assets 
at the time of redemption and the ability of the Issuer to arrange a transfer or sale of 
the Underlying Assets. 
The timing and method of transfer or liquidation of the Underlying Assets may materially 
affect the value or price obtained in respect of the Underlying Assets, which in turn will 
impact the Redemption Amount received by Securityholders.
If the Issuer is subject to an Issuer Insolvency Event this may limit the Issuer’s ability to 
transfer or liquidate the Underlying Assets in accordance with applicable legal and 
regulatory provisions. This may result in delay in transferring or realising the Underlying 
Assets, may impact the value of, or price obtained for, the Underlying Assets and/or 
may require the Securityholders to indemnify or meet the costs of the administrator (or 
equivalent) managing the insolvency of the Issuer. These factors will, in turn, impact 
the Redemption Amount payable to Securityholders. 
See the section headed “Sale or Transfer of the Underlying Assets, Enforcement of 
Security and Limited Recourse”. 
3.6 
Redemption Deductions 
The Redemption Amount payable to Securityholders on redemption of a Series of 
Securityholders deducts certain costs and expenses defined in the Master Conditions 
as “Redemption Deductions”. These costs include, without limitation, costs in relation 
to the transfer or sale of Underlying Assets, banking or custody fees incurred in the 
transfer of Underlying Assets, currency conversion fees, fees payable to the relevant 
blockchain network on which the Underlying Asset(s) operates to record its transfer and

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
24
any withholding or deduction on account of tax. The amount of Redemption Deductions 
deducted will be notified to Securityholders on redemption. 
In addition, where Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants elect to redeem 
Securities directly with the Issuer following a notification from the Issuer, a Redemption 
Fee is payable. The level of such fee will be notified to Securityholders by the Issuer on 
receipt of a request for redemption. 
Prospective investors should note that the deduction of the Redemption Deductions 
may mean that the amount received by Securityholders on redemption will be less than 
the Coin Entitlement in respect of such Series of Securities. This may mean that 
Securityholders receive less than they had expected on redemption, which may be less 
than their initial investment even in circumstances when the price of the Underlying 
Asset(s) has increased during the life of the Series of Securities.  
3.7 
Payments to Securityholders are subordinated to the claims of other Secured 
Creditors 
The rights of the Securityholders to be paid the Redemption Amount under the 
Securities on enforcement of the Transaction Security are subordinate to the claims of 
the Trustee or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or any Security 
Document, including, without limitation, any taxes required to be paid and any fees, 
costs, charges and expenses, and to claims of the Custodian under the Custody 
Agreement.  
As a result, funds available to the Issuer in connection with the Securities will be applied 
to satisfy such senior ranking payments before the Redemption Amount is paid to 
Securityholders. 
If the Issuer has insufficient funds available after satisfying higher ranking claims 
described above, the Redemption Amount payable to Securityholders will be reduced 
and Securityholders will lose some, and potentially all, of their investment. 
3.8 
Only the Trustee may enforce the Transaction Security 
Securityholders are not permitted to enforce the Transaction Security. Only the Trustee 
may enforce the Transaction Security in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of 
the Trust Deed. The Trustee will be required to enforce the Transaction Security if so 
directed in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in number of the Securities of 
the relevant Series then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which 
has been provided to the Trustee), in each case subject to the Trustee being pre-funded 
and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. In such case, individual 
Securityholders are dependent on the Trustee and requisite Securityholder majorities 
before the Transaction Security can be enforced. 
The interests of particular Securityholders who request or direct the enforcement of the 
Transaction Security may not coincide with (and may not be in the bests interest of) 
those of other Securityholders. The majority required to enforce the Transaction 
Security is also lower than 50 per cent., meaning that the Transaction Security may be

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
25
enforced even if only a minority of the Securityholders of a Series direct the Trustee 
accordingly, and all other Securityholders of that Series will be bound by that direction.  
3.9 
Securityholders have no right to take action against the Issuer 
The Securityholders are not entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in relation to 
any breach of the terms of the Trust Deed or the Securities. The Securityholders are 
therefore dependent on the Trustee to proceed against the Issuer. Only in very limited 
circumstances can Securityholders take such action, namely where the Trustee, having 
become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails, or is 
unable, to do so within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is 
continuing. 
3.10 
Securityholders are responsible for Trustee indemnity and funding of Trustee 
enforcement action 
Prior to taking any action in respect of the Securities, the Trustee may require to be 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not so 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded it may decide not to take such action. 
Such inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed.  
Securityholders should therefore be prepared to bear the costs associated with any 
such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding or be prepared to accept the 
consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. 
Any such inaction by the Trustee shall not entitle Securityholders to take action against 
the Issuer or the Trustee for any breach of the Trust Deed, the Transaction Documents 
and/or the Securities by the Issuer. As a result, Securityholders may have to incur 
additional costs and expenses (which may be substantial) in order to realise some or 
all of their investment in the Securities. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Cryptoassets 
4.1 
Securityholders exposed to the value of the Underlying Assets 
The Issuer’s rights in respect of the Underlying Assets for each Series of Securities 
form part of the security package in respect of that Series. The Securityholders 
(together with certain other creditors of the Issuer) will have recourse to the security 
package if the Securities are redeemed. Accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to 
the value of the Underlying Assets.  
The Underlying Assets may be subject to significant price volatility and have been 
subject to periods of volatility in the past. The Underlying Assets are not backed by a 
central bank, a national or international organisation, assets or other forms of credit, 
although in some specific cases may be backed to an extent by physical assets. They 
may have no inherent value; in most cases, the price of Cryptoassets is entirely 
dependent on the value that market participants place on them, meaning that any 
increase or loss of confidence in digital assets may affect their value. Prices may be 
affected by a wide range of factors, including but not limited to the following:

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
26
 
level of world-wide growth in the adoption and use of Cryptoassets; 
 
level of supply of Cryptoassets versus level of demand; 
 
investment and trading activities of market participants; 
 
failures in major Cryptoasset market participants (such as, for example, 
exchanges); 
 
use of Cryptoassets in the retail and commercial marketplace is limited and 
significant speculative trading activity may lead to price distortion and volatility; 
 
inflation, interest rates, governmental monetary policies, trade restrictions, 
currency devaluations and revaluations; and global or regional, political, 
economic or financial events and situations; 
 
ability to convert the Underlying Assets into fiat currencies such as USD, EUR 
or GBP, and associated currency exchange rates; 
 
regulation of Cryptoassets, networks, platforms and trading venues and 
restrictions on the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, use or exchange 
Cryptoassets; 
 
manipulative trading on trading venues, which are largely unregulated or less 
regulated than traditional financial instrument markets; 
 
the price and demand of competing Cryptoassets, including Cryptoassets 
issued by central banks or Cryptoassets which are pegged to a fiat currency, 
such as USD (so called ‘stablecoins’); 
 
continuous trading of the Underlying Assets, as the market is accessible 24 
hours, 7 days a week, 365 days a year; 
 
liquidity of Cryptoassets markets, which can at times be limited; and 
 
fraud, security breaches or malicious attacks affecting, or the failure of, 
networks, platforms and trading venues. 
The Underlying Assets may also be subject to momentum pricing due to speculation 
regarding future appreciation in value, leading to greater volatility. Momentum pricing 
typically is associated with growth stocks and other assets whose valuation, as 
determined by the investing public, accounts for future appreciation in value, if any. It 
is possible that momentum pricing has resulted, and may continue to result, in 
speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of the Underlying Assets, making 
prices more volatile. In addition, the price of Underlying Assets may suffer increased 
volatility resulting from the statements and actions of individuals in the Cryptoasset and 
broader technology community, filings by companies and/or social media statements 
by prominent individuals, each of which have in the past (and may in the future) have 
an impact on the price of Underlying Assets.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
27
As a result, the Underlying Assets may be more likely to fluctuate in value due to 
changing investor confidence and the actions of one or more companies or individuals, 
which could impact future appreciation or depreciation in prices. 
There is no assurance that the Underlying Assets will maintain their long-term value or 
become more widely adopted as a form of currency. On the contrary, they may cease 
to be used altogether. In addition, the reference price of an Underlying Asset on one 
market or trading venue may differ from the price at which the Issuer is able to purchase 
or dispose of that Underlying Asset. The venues on which the Underlying Assets are 
traded are largely unregulated or under-regulated, meaning they are subject to 
additional risks and the reference price of the Underlying Asset(s) on such venues may 
not accurately represent the value of such Underlying Asset(s) (see paragraph 4.7 
(Trading venue risks)). This may result in a Securityholder receiving less, or 
substantially less, than if they had purchased the Underlying Asset(s) directly from such 
market or trading venue. 
Prospective investors in Index Securities should also be aware that a Rebalancing may 
require the Issuer to purchase or dispose of Underlying Assets from time to time in 
certain circumstances. The price at which the Issuer is able to do so will impact the 
composition and weighting of the Cryptoasset(s) comprised in the aggregate Coin 
Entitlement for a Series of Index Securities. This may result in the composition and 
weighting of the Underlying Assets comprised in the relevant Coin Entitlement being 
different to the composition and weighting of the relevant Cryptoasset in the Index, 
thereby increasing tracking error or difference. An investment in a Series of Index 
Securities is not therefore the same as an investment in the Index itself. 
In the event that the prices of the Underlying Assets decline, the Securities of any Series 
may be worth less than investors’ initial investment.  
4.2 
Price of the Underlying Assets may be affected by competing Cryptoassets 
In addition to the risks outline in paragraph 4.1 (Securityholders exposed to the value 
of the Underlying Assets), the value of the Underlying Assets may also be impacted by 
the price, volatility and risks of other, competing Cryptoassets.  
This may include exposure to Cryptoassets designed to have a stable value over time 
as compared to typically volatile Cryptoassets, and are typically marketed as being 
pegged to a fiat currency, such as the U.S. dollar (so called “stablecoins”). Although the 
prices of stablecoins are intended to be stable, in many cases their prices fluctuate, 
sometimes significantly, and this fluctuation may impact the price of the Underlying 
Assets. This may also include Cryptoassets issued by central banks as a digital form 
of lender tender, which could have an advantage in competing with (or replace) other 
forms of Cryptoassets. In addition, promoters of other, competing Cryptoassets may 
claim that those Cryptoassets have solved certain purported drawbacks to Underlying 
Assets (for example, in the case of Bitcoin, faster settlement times).  
Advantages of central bank Cryptoassets (or purported advantages of competing 
Cryptoassets), volatility in competing stablecoins, operational issues with stablecoins 
(for example, technical issues that prevent settlement), concerns about the sufficiency 
of any reserves that support stablecoins, or regulatory concerns about stablecoin

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
28
issuers or intermediaries, such as trading venues, that support stablecoins, could 
impact willingness of participants to trade on venues which rely on stablecoins or result 
in participants favouring such competing Cryptoassets, each of which could impact the 
price of Underlying Assets and, in turn, an investment in the Securities. 
4.3 
Storage risk  
The Underlying Assets are “decentralised” Cryptoassets – they exist on the public 
blockchain in a ledger distributed amongst a network of users. The blockchain is 
transparent and can be viewed by any individual. However, the control and transfer of 
Cryptoassets can only be effected by the possessor of unique private keys relating to 
the relevant blockchain addresses or wallets in which the Cryptoassets are held.  
If the private key is lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised and no backup is 
accessible, the Cryptoassets held in the related wallet will be inaccessible, and the 
private key will not be capable of being restored. The loss or destruction of a private 
key may be irreversible. Any loss of private keys relating to wallets used to store the 
Underlying Assets could result in the total loss of the Cryptoassets. The risk of loss due 
to losses of private keys or similar methodologies of secure access is generally greater 
for Cryptoassets than that of other asset classes given their nature and the variations 
in the sophistication of access methodologies. The Issuer will mitigate against this risk 
by partnering with a specialised, experienced Cryptoasset custodian, however this will 
not eliminate the risk of loss. 
Any loss of private keys relating to the digital wallets used to store the Underlying 
Assets would adversely affect the price in the Underlying Assets and in turn the price 
of the Securities.  
4.4 
Specific storage risks for the Custodian 
The Issuer’s Custody Account(s) can only be accessed by certain representatives of 
the Issuer who have been registered and permissioned by the Custodian and who have 
received a personal security device or act digitally in accordance with the security 
framework in place between the Custodian and the Issuer. 
All Underlying Assets will be held on a segregated basis within the Custodian’s custody 
solution, operated in a secure multi-authorisation environment, accessed via a portal 
operated by the Custodian and authorised via hardware personal security devices or 
digitally, subject to a bespoke set of rules agreed between the Custodian and the Issuer, 
and the Custodian’s minimum control standards. 
It is possible that the Custodian or a system interfacing with the Custodian could be 
subject to a hacking attempt. Such attempt, if successful, could result in the temporary 
or permanent loss of access to Underlying Assets, loss of Underlying Assets, or make 
it impossible for the Issuer to create or redeem Securities. Any loss of Underlying 
Assets held by the Custodian will not be recoverable and Securityholders could suffer 
a loss as they cannot realise the full value of their investment.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
29
4.5 
Blockchain risks 
Risks in Respect of Blockchain Technology 
Cryptoassets rely on blockchain technology and other cryptographic and algorithmic 
protocols that represent new and rapidly evolving technologies that are subject to a 
variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. There is a risk that certain technical issues 
might be uncovered and the troubleshooting and resolution of such issues likely will 
require the attention and efforts of decentralised development communities. Moreover, 
in the past, flaws in the source code for Cryptoassets have been exposed and exploited, 
including flaws that disabled some functionality for users, exposed users’ personal 
information and/or Cryptoassets, resulting in the theft of users’ Cryptoassets. The 
cryptography underpinning the Underlying Assets could prove to be flawed or 
ineffective, or developments in mathematics and/or technology, including advances in 
digital computing, algebraic geometry and quantum computing, could result in such 
cryptography becoming ineffective. This could rapidly destroy the integrity of any 
Cryptoasset and undermine confidence in the Cryptoassets markets in general. 
Cryptoassets may experience periods of disruption or become subject to manipulation 
as new technologies become available or during periods of disparate adoption of new 
hardware, software or protocols. 
Even if only a particular Cryptoasset (which was not an Underlying Asset) was affected 
by such circumstances, any reduction in confidence in the source code or cryptography 
for a Cryptoasset could negatively affect demand for Cryptoassets generally and 
therefore negatively impact the market value of the Underlying Assets. This in turn may 
lead to a reduction in the market value of the Securities, which may result in 
Securityholders receiving less (or significantly less) than their initial investment.  
Development and Maintenance of Cryptoasset Networks 
The networks underlying several Cryptoassets operate based on an open-source 
protocol maintained by a group of uncompensated volunteer developers. 
Consequently, there may be a lack of financial incentive for developers to maintain or 
develop the network, and the developers may lack the resources to adequately address 
emerging issues with the relevant Cryptoassets protocol. There can be no assurance 
that the core developers of a Cryptoassets network will continue to be involved in the 
network, or that new volunteer developers will emerge to replace them. To the extent 
that material issues arise with a Cryptoassets protocol and the developers are unable 
or unwilling to address the issues adequately or in a timely manner, the Cryptoassets 
may diminish in value or become worthless. In addition, several Cryptoassets rely on 
decentralised participants to operate the network through verifying transactions on an 
ongoing basis. The failure of decentralised participants to continue to maintain a 
network by verifying transactions may result in the relevant Cryptoassets losing value 
or becoming worthless. The occurrence of any failures or malfunctions above may 
result in a decrease (or total) loss in value of the relevant Underlying Asset, which would 
result in Securityholders suffering a loss (or a significant loss) on their investment in the 
Securities.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
30
Disruption of the internet 
Cryptoassets are dependent upon the internet. A significant disruption in internet 
connectivity could disrupt a Cryptoasset network’s operations until the disruption is 
resolved and have an adverse effect on the price of such Cryptoasset. In particular, 
some Cryptoassets have been subjected to a number of denial-of-service attacks, 
which have led to temporary delays in block creation and in the transfer of such 
Cryptoasset. While in certain cases in response to an attack, an additional ‘hard fork’ 
has been introduced to increase the cost of certain network functions, the relevant 
network has continued to be the subject of additional attacks. Moreover, it is possible 
that if such Cryptoasset increases in value, it may become a bigger target for hackers 
and subject to more frequent hacking and denial-of-service attacks. See “Hacking” 
below.
Irreversibility and irrecoverability 
Transactions in Cryptoassets are generally irreversible, in that they can only be 
reversed by carrying out a subsequent trade in the opposite direction. Accordingly, 
rectifying a mistaken or unauthorised transaction in a Cryptoasset can only be done 
with the consent and active participation from the recipient of the transaction. To the 
extent that any of the relevant Cryptoassets are incorrectly or fraudulently transferred, 
they therefore are likely to be irretrievable. 
Furthermore, where the Cryptoassets have been lost, stolen or destroyed under 
circumstances rendering a party liable to the Issuer, the Issuer may have limited 
recourse against the responsible party, for example only to the Custodian or, to the 
extent identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g. a thief or terrorist), any of which 
may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy 
a valid claim of the Issuer. 
Malicious Activity 
Cryptoasset networks, platforms and trading venues may be subject to attack by 
malicious persons, entities or malware. 
A malicious actor or group of actors could obtain a majority of the processing power on 
a particular Cryptoasset network, and could implement modifications to the network in 
a way that is detrimental to the liquidity or value of the Cryptoasset. To the extent that 
such malicious person (or persons) does not yield its majority control of the processing 
power on the network, reversing any changes made to the source code or blockchain 
may not be possible. Such changes could adversely affect an investment in the 
Securities. 
Malicious activities such as these may reduce confidence in Cryptoasset generally and 
result in greater price volatility. This in turn could affect the return on the Securities and 
may negatively impact the amount a Securityholder may receive on redemption. 
4.6 
Miner risks 
Miners may collude to raise transaction fees

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
31
As explained in the section headed “Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant 
markets”, miners, functioning in their transaction confirmation capacity, validate 
unconfirmed transactions by adding the previously unconfirmed transactions to new 
blocks in the relevant blockchain and collect fees for each transaction they confirm. 
Miners are not forced to confirm any specific transaction, but they are economically 
incentivised to confirm valid transactions as a means of collecting fees. Miners have 
historically accepted relatively low transaction confirmation fees. If miners collude in an 
anticompetitive manner to reject low transaction fees, then Cryptoasset users could be 
forced to pay higher fees, thus reducing the attractiveness of the Cryptoasset network. 
Mining occurs globally, and it may be difficult for authorities to apply antitrust regulations 
across multiple jurisdictions. Any collusion among miners may adversely impact the 
attractiveness of the network on which the relevant Underlying Asset is based and may 
adversely impact an investment in the Securities. 
Reduction in miner rewards may adversely impact ability to verify transactions  
Miners generate revenue from both transaction fees and rewards of the relevant 
Cryptoasset (known as “block reward”) for verifying transactions. Mining operations 
have rapidly evolved over the past several years and frequently involve 
“professionalised” operations which may use proprietary hardware or sophisticated 
machinery which requires significant capital and scale to run.  
If the aggregate revenue from transaction fees and the block reward is below a miner’s 
cost, or the difficulty and time taken to solve blocks increases, or miners are unable to 
acquire the required equipment necessary to develop and launch operations, the miner 
may not have adequate incentive to continue to mine and may cease operations. In 
addition, a “professionalised” mining operation operating a low profit margin may be 
more likely to sell a higher percentage of the Cryptoasset earned as “block reward”, 
which may result in a higher percentage of new Cryptoassets being sold into the market 
which may reduce prices.  
Any reduction in the amount of rewards generated by miners may lead to reduced 
numbers of miners, which would adversely affect the process for verifying transactions 
in the Cryptoasset and make the network of that Cryptoasset more vulnerable to a 
malicious actors obtaining sufficient control to alter the relevant blockchain and hinder 
transactions. It may also lead to an increase of newly-minted Cryptoassets being sold 
into the market. Any reduction in confidence in the confirmation process or processing 
power of the Cryptoasset may adversely affect an investment in the Underlying Assets, 
which may in turn adversely affect an investment in the Securities.  
Exclusion of transactions 
To the extent that any miners solve blocks that exclude some or all transactions that 
have been transmitted to the Cryptoasset network, such transactions will not be 
recorded on the relevant blockchain until another miner solves a block that incorporates 
those transactions. In respect of certain Cryptoassets (for example, Bitcoin), some 
participants in the community suspect the use of certain technologies enhance speed 
and reduce electricity use of mining while reducing the number of transactions that are 
included in mined blocks on the network. If more blocks are mined without transactions, 
transactions will settle more slowly, and fees will increase. This could result in a loss of

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
32
confidence in the relevant Cryptoasset network, which could reduce the value of the 
Underlying Asset(s) and, in turn, adversely impact an investment in the Securities. 
Miner extractable value 
Miners are able to see pending transactions, and to choose what transactions they 
include in the blocks they are mining. This allows miners the ability to manipulate the 
market to an extent by reordering, adding or removing transactions in the blocks being 
mined, which may include inserting their own trades either before or after certain 
transactions. This is known as “miner extractable value” or “MEV”. MEV allows miners 
to front- or back-run the market to maximise the value of the transactions they are 
making, at the expense of other market participants, which may negatively affect 
transactions in the Underlying Assets when they are bought or sold. 
4.7 
Trading venue risks 
Cryptoassets as a class do not have a central regulated marketplace or trading venue. 
The venues on which Cryptoassets may trade pose special risks, as these trading 
venues are generally new and the rules governing their activities are unsettled and their 
activities may be largely unregulated or under-regulated when compared to traditional 
asset exchanges, and may therefore be more exposed to theft, fraud, and failure than 
established, regulated exchanges for other products. Cryptoasset trading venues may 
be start-up businesses with limited institutional backing, limited operating history, and 
no publicly available financial information. In some cases their financial positions are 
unclear and some trading venues have failed due to financial mismanagement. Many 
go beyond matching trades for third parties and instead take proprietary positions. This 
makes Cryptoasset exchanges more susceptible to cybercrime, hackers and malware, 
and the risk of being shut down or experiencing loses of assets traded on such venue 
as a result of cybercrime. In particular, on 11 November 2022, FTX, then the fifth largest 
crypto exchange by volume, together with around 130 of affiliated companies, including 
Alameda Research, formally announced that it sought protection from its creditors and 
entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in the US purportedly having liquid assets 
with a value significantly less than the amount of its liabilities to creditors. 
The Cryptoasset trading venue market is characterised by the presence of a small 
number of large entities, some of which exert significant market influence. The exercise 
of this market influence has in the past caused significant movements in the 
Cryptoasset markets and may continue to do so in the future. 
Cryptoasset trading venues may impose daily, weekly, monthly, or customer-specific 
transaction or distribution limits or suspend trading or withdrawals entirely, rendering 
the trading of digital assets for fiat currency difficult or impossible. Cryptoasset prices 
and valuations on trading venues have been volatile and subject to influence by many 
factors, including the levels of liquidity on particular venues and operational 
interruptions and disruptions. In addition, significant volatility and unexpected price 
movements, as well as congestion on Underlying Asset networks, has resulted in 
extreme stress on Cryptoasset trading venues and their infrastructure, which has in turn 
resulted in trading halts and the suspension of services.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
33
Any of the failures above may result in the price of Cryptoassets (including the 
Underlying Assets) being subject to significant volatility or the inability to be able to 
acquire and/or sell the Underlying Asset(s) in respect of a Series of Securities. Any 
such event is likely to negatively impact an investment in the Securities.  
4.8 
Issuer discretion following an Airdrop Event or Fork Event 
An Airdrop Event occurs when the issuer of a new cryptoasset declares that holders of 
Underlying Assets are entitled to an amount of the new cryptoasset in addition to the 
Underlying Asset(s). 
A Fork Event occurs when the code underlying the distributed ledger on which an 
Underlying Asset is recorded splits. This may result in a number of issues, including the 
suspension of trading in the relevant Underlying Asset(s) or a sharp reduction in price 
of the Underlying Asset(s). 
The occurrence of an Airdrop Event or a Fork Event will result in an additional 
cryptoasset different from the Underlying Asset(s) for that Series being available to the 
Issuer.  
There can be no assurance that the Custodian will support an Airdrop Event or will 
continue to support custody of the relevant Underlying Asset(s) following the 
occurrence of a Fork Event. 
Under Condition 22 (Fork events, Airdrop events and Staking), the Issuer may, to the 
extent such event is supported by the Custodian, without the consent of the 
Securityholders: 
 
permit the additional asset to be held by the Custodian as an additional 
cryptoasset for the relevant Series; 
 
create a new Series of Securities where the additional asset is the Underlying 
Asset, and issue such new Series to Securityholders pro rata to their holding of 
the affected Series;  
 
adjust the Individual Coin Entitlement in respect of the relevant Underlying Asset 
to reflect the proportion of the relevant Underlying Assets which has been lost 
or converted into, or replaced by, the additional cryptoasset; 
 
elect not to receive the additional cryptoasset, in which circumstances 
Securityholders shall not be entitled to receive any value which may otherwise 
arise from such additional cryptoasset; 
 
distribute an amount of the additional cryptoasset to the Securityholders in 
respect of the original Series pro rata to their holdings of the original Series; or 
 
liquidate an amount of the additional cryptoasset and distribute the net 
realisation proceeds to the Securityholders in respect of the original Series pro 
rata to their holdings of Securities of the original Series.

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
34
The occurrence of an Airdrop Event and/or a Fork Event will also permit the Issuer to 
make certain amendments, variations or modifications to the Master Conditions, any 
Trust Deed and/or any Transaction Document. See Condition 21.3 (Issuer Technical 
Amendments). 
4.9 
Hacking 
Blockchains on which Cryptoassets operate utilise cryptography and the use of public 
and private keys to prove ownership of Cryptoassets and record the transfer of 
Cryptoassets. However, there have been public examples of hacking of Cryptoasset 
trading venues, digital wallets and computer systems. In particular, certain Underlying 
Assets (including Bitcoin) are susceptible to border gateway protocol (“BGP”) hijacking. 
Such an attack can be a very effective way for an attacker to intercept traffic en route 
to a legitimate destination. BGP hijacking impacts the way different nodes and miners 
are connected to one another to isolate portions of them from the remainder of the 
network, which could lead to a risk of the network allowing double-spending and other 
security issues. 
Any event of hacking in relation to a Cryptoasset may impact faith and sentiment in that 
Cryptoasset and Cryptoassets generally and may negatively impact the market value 
of Cryptoassets. This could consequently impact a value of an Underlying Asset and 
therefore an investment in the Securities. 
In addition, in the case of Index Securities, if Cryptoassets are being traded during a 
Rebalancing Period in respect of such Index Securities or (in the case of all the 
Securities) if the Cryptoasset is in transit from Authorised Participants to the vault or 
from the vault to Authorised Participants, such Cryptoasset will be exposed to the 
internet and thus to additional risk of hacking. Any such hacking could result in the theft 
of Cryptoasset, and transactions in Index Securities being ineffective. 
4.10 
Staking 
Cryptoassets may rely in total or in part on a “proof of stake” method of generating a 
distributed consensus. “Proof of stake” algorithms do not rely on resource intensive 
calculations to validate transactions and create new blocks in a blockchain. Rather than 
relying on resource-intensive “mining” (or “proof of work”), “proof of stake” methods 
validate transactions and new blocks by reference to the amount of Cryptoassets a user 
has “staked” and the amount of time it has been “staked”. This “staking” generates 
payments to the owner of the “staked” Cryptoasset, depending on the relevant 
blockchain. While the advantage of a “proof of stake” system is that it is far less energy 
intensive than a “proof of work” system, this may result in lower barriers for entry, which 
may allow for increased participation by malicious actors with small holdings of 
Cryptoassets that attempt to manipulate the relevant blockchain or increase the risk 
that the Cryptoasset will experience one or more forks, which could impact its value.  
As the “proof of stake” method rewards holders depending on the number of 
Cryptoassets it holds, it may also encourage holders (such as the founders) to retain 
large amounts of the Cryptoasset and effectively give such holders the right to veto or 
control the Cryptoasset or its associated blockchain network. While there are 
advantages to having users “buy in” to a Cryptoasset and support its development,

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
35
excessive hoarding reduces the “decentralised” nature of verification of the relevant 
blockchain and may impair the spread of such Cryptoasset, including interfering with 
the widespread adoption of such Cryptoasset for use in transactions. 
“Proof of stake” networks are newer and generally not as widely used as “proof of work” 
networks, and may be untested at scale. As a result, “proof of stake” networks may not 
work as intended. If “proof of stake” networks do not function as intended, or fail to gain 
adoption, the value of Cryptoassets relying on “proof of stake” consensus may be 
negatively affected, which could adversely affect the value of the Securities. Staking is 
also subject to the risk of slashing. Slashing is a mechanism built into proof of stake 
blockchain protocols to discourage validator misbehaviour. Slashing is designed to 
incentivize node security, availability, and network participation. The two key 
misbehaviours that incur slashing are downtime and double signing. While the specifics 
of slashing are defined within each protocol, the mechanism is similar: a predefined 
percentage of a validator’s tokens are lost when it does not behave consistently or as 
expected on the network. 
In addition, pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreement for a Series of Securities, the 
Issuer may instruct the Custodian, in accordance with the Custody Agreement, to 
“stake” the relevant Underlying Asset(s) in accordance with such instructions. This may 
adversely affect the value of the Underlying Assets and/or the value of the Securities, 
which may in turn result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than 
expected. 
4.11 
Scalability risks 
Many Cryptoasset networks face significant challenges in respect of scaling and the 
number of transactions per second the network can handle. Various solutions to such 
scalability issues have been proposed for different Cryptoassets. For example, the 
Bitcoin network was upgraded in 2017 with a technical feature referred to as 
“segregated witness” that, amongst other things, could increase the number of 
transactions that can be handled on the network. 
An increasing number of wallets and digital asset intermediaries, such as trading 
venues, have begun supporting segregated witness and similar technologies, however 
such solutions do not yet have uniform widespread adoption. As the use of Cryptoasset 
networks increase without a corresponding increase of solutions to increase scalability 
of the networks, average fees and settlement times may increase significantly. This 
could preclude certain use cases for Cryptoassets (e.g. small payment amounts), which 
could reduce demand for and the price of such Cryptoasset, which in turn could 
adversely impact an investment in the Securities. 
There is no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for 
increasing the scalability of Cryptoasset networks will be effective, or how long these 
mechanisms will take to become effective, which could adversely impact an investment 
in the Securities.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
36
4.12 
Different types of Cryptoassets and Indices 
Each Series of Securities will be exposed to a particular Cryptoasset or to various 
Cryptoassets comprising an Index, as selected by the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As such, the Securities issued under the Programme will not 
necessarily all be linked to the same Cryptoasset or Index. 
As the protocols and rules governing different Cryptoassets and Indices vary, the risks 
associated with different Cryptoassets and Indices will also vary. Similarly, prices for 
different Cryptoassets will vary and may not move in a correlated manner.  
Therefore the holders of different Series of Securities shall be exposed to different risk 
profiles, depending on the relevant Cryptoassets or Index. In particular, but without 
limitation, risks related to price volatility, transaction fees, speed of execution and 
settlement, probability of forks and airdrops, hacking attacks, acceptance by 
custodians, major protocol updates and eligibility for settlements on exchanges may be 
significantly different depending on the underlying Cryptoasset or Index. Therefore 
some Series of Securities may be more or less exposed to certain risks than other 
Series of Securities. Prospective investors in a Series of Securities should therefore 
understand the particular Cryptoasset(s) or Index to which that Series of Securities is 
linked and the risks associated with that Cryptoasset or Index. 
5. 
Risks relating to the market and market value of Securities 
5.1 
Market participants determine prices in respect of Cryptoassets and the 
Securities in different ways and there may be material variation between prices 
determined 
The Redemption Amount that an investor receives on redemption of a Security is 
calculated using the Coin Entitlement, which is a quantity of Underlying Assets. Market 
participants may convert the Coin Entitlement for a Security into an indicative market 
value for a Security in different ways using different sources. The price at which the 
Securities are traded on the Relevant Exchange, however, may not reflect the indicative 
market value of the Coin Entitlement, determined by an investor. A prospective investor 
may therefore pay more for a Security than the indicative market value of Coin 
Entitlement. If a Redemption Event occurs, the Redemption Amount the investor will 
receive will be based on the Coin Entitlement and the prevailing value of the relevant 
Cryptoasset(s), and an investor may receive less, or substantially less, than the amount 
the investor paid for the Security on the Relevant Exchange.  
In particular, the price of Underlying Assets is extremely volatile and can change over 
the course of weeks, months, hours and even minutes (in relation to which see “Risks 
relating to the Cryptoassets”). This may mean that the price at which an investor paid 
for a Security on the Relevant Exchange may quickly change and an investor may only 
be able to sell the Securities at a price that is less, or substantially less, than the 
subscription price or the price paid by such Securityholder. This may mean 
Securityholders receive less, or substantially less, than the amount invested in the 
Securities.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
37
5.2 
Trading of Cryptoassets 
Each Series of Securities will only trade during the trading hours on the Relevant 
Exchange on which such Series of Securities are listed. However, the relevant 
Underlying Assets trade continuously and (as set out above) are extremely volatile and 
may experience significant and short term price movements in a matter of days, hours 
or even minutes. This combination will limit Securityholders’ ability to react to price 
movements or volatility in the market for the Underlying Assets, which may be 
substantial.  
If there is a decrease in the price of the Underlying Assets in the period during which 
the Relevant Exchange is not open for trading, Securityholders may suffer a loss which 
would be less than it otherwise would have been had the Securityholder been able to 
trade in, or redeem, its Securities during that period.  
5.3 
No Authorised Participants 
There can be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant 
appointed by the Issuer to process subscription and redemption of the Securities. In 
such circumstances, Securityholders may be unable to request a redemption of its 
Securities or may be required to request redemption directly with the Issuer. 
This may result in a delay in redemption of the Securities or give rise to additional cost 
and administrative burden on the part of the Securityholder, including payment of the 
Redemption Fee. This may reduce the return on an investment in the Securities. 
5.4 
Market-making by the Authorised Participant(s) 
Authorised Participants provide liquidity by creating a market in the Securities and 
processing subscription and redemption of the Securities. 
The price at which a Securityholder may sell its Securities of a Series to an Authorised 
Participant may be lower than the price at which the Authorised Participant may sell 
Securities of the same Series to prospective investors. The price at which an Authorised 
Participant may sell Securities to prospective investors may also take into account fees, 
charges, expenses commissions and other costs which the Authorised Participant may 
charge to prospective investors. Prospective investors may also incur fees charged by 
the Relevant Exchange on which such Securities are admitted to trading.  
Any changes in the “bid/offer” spread offered by Authorised Participant(s) and/or fees 
charged by Authorised Participant(s) may impact a prospective investors return on the 
Securities and may mean that an investor suffers a loss on the Securities. 
5.5 
Absence of Market Maker 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of an exchange to which the Securities are 
admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market makers. If a market maker 
ceases to act as market maker and a replacement cannot be found, and as a result the 
Issuer cannot meet the minimum requirement, the relevant exchange may require the 
Securities to cease trading. This may make it harder for a Securityholder to sell their

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
38
Securities at a time of their choosing and could lead to a loss to a Securityholder if, 
when they are subsequently able to sell their Securities, the value of the Underlying 
Assets drop since the time when the Securityholder initially sought to sell them. 
5.6 
Market-making by Market Maker(s) 
The market makers’ obligations are limited. Even where the Securities are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, a market maker in the Securities will only be obliged to 
provide bid/ask prices under the conditions contained in the rules applicable to the 
relevant regulated market and, as applicable, in agreements between the relevant 
market maker and the Issuer. In general, these conditions entail that the market maker 
is required to provide rates and prices under normal market conditions and within a 
certain spread at all times. However, the market maker is not obliged to secure a certain 
minimum level rate, to purchase unlimited numbers of the Securities or provide any 
minimum volume of trading in abnormal market conditions or other similar obligations. 
Any interruption in the delivery of efficient pricing on exchange may consequently 
adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the Securities in the 
secondary markets. 
6. 
Risks relating to taxation 
6.1 
Payments to Securityholders will not be grossed-up 
Pursuant to Condition 20.1 (Withholding or deductions on payments), all payments and 
deliveries in respect of the Securities (including the Redemption Amount) shall be made 
subject to any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any 
penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying 
any of the same) imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction. The tax legislation of the 
jurisdiction of the Securityholder and the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Securities. 
In the event of any such deduction or withholding, the Securityholders will not be entitled 
to receive amounts which are grossed up in order to compensate for such deduction or 
withholding nor will Securityholders be entitled to be reimbursed for the amount of any 
shortfall resulting from such deduction or withholding. 
In certain circumstances, the imposition of such deductions or withholding may result 
in the Issuer determining that it is illegal or impossible to issue or deal with the Securities 
or to hold or deal with the Underlying Assets, which will lead to the Securities being 
redeemed. 
6.2 
Tax treatment of Cryptoassets 
There is currently no tax certainty regarding the treatment of investments in 
Cryptoassets across various jurisdictions due to the novelty of the asset class. Any 
change in the tax treatment of Underlying Assets could result in the Issuer incurring 
additional taxes which would be deducted from the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Securities. This would result in Securityholders receiving less than if such taxes had 
not been incurred.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
39
7. 
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties 
7.1 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities may depend upon 
the Custodian(s)’ and the Determination Agent’s ability to perform its obligations  
The Underlying Assets in respect of a Series of Securities will be held with the 
Custodian. 
On a redemption of a Series of Securities, the Issuer shall instruct the Custodian, in 
accordance with the Custody Agreement, to transfer an amount of the Underlying 
Asset(s) equal to the Redemption Amount to the relevant digital wallet of the relevant 
Securityholder (or, in circumstances where the Issuer has permitted cash redemptions, 
arrange for the sale of an amount of the Underlying Asset(s) and the transfer of an 
amount of case in the Base Currency equal to the Redemption Amount to the relevant 
account of the relevant Securityholder) to satisfy the Issuer’s obligation in respect of 
the Redemption Amount, in each case in accordance with the Master Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the security expressed to be created over the Underlying Assets in the 
Trust Deed, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligation in respect of such Redemption 
Amount to Securityholders will be dependent upon the ability of the Custodian to make 
such a transfer under the relevant Custody Agreement and the Issuer to arrange such 
a sale. If the Custodian is, for any reason, unable to make such a transfer (or the Issuer 
is unable to make such a sale), the Issuer will be unable to meet its redemption 
obligation to Securityholders and Securityholders may receive less, or substantially 
less, than expected on an investment in the Securities. 
Consequently, Securityholders are additionally exposed to the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the relevant Custody 
Agreement.  
7.2 
The Custodian may cease to support the Underlying Assets 
Under the relevant Custody Agreement, the Custodian holds the Underlying Asset(s) 
in the Custody Account. In certain circumstances, including as a result of a change of 
law, the Custodian may determine that it is no longer able to offer custody services in 
respect of the Underlying Assets. If the Custodian makes such a determination, the 
Issuer will withdraw the Underlying Assets from the Custody Account in accordance 
with the provisions of the Custody Agreement. 
In such circumstances, there may be a delay in the ability of the Issuer to access the 
Underlying Asset(s), or the Issuer may be unable to access the Underlying Asset(s) at 
all. In such circumstances, the Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities may receive delivery of the Underlying Asset(s) at a time when the price of 
such Underlying Asset(s) is unfavourable, or they may not receive such delivery at all.  
Accordingly, Securityholders may be exposed to risks associated with the Custodian 
and any event may result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than if 
such event had not occurred.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
40
7.3 
The Determination Agent has no obligations to Securityholders 
The Master Conditions give the Determination Agent discretion in making certain 
determinations in relation to the Securities, which are conclusive and binding on the 
Securityholders. These include the determination of the Redemption Amount payable 
to Securityholders on redemption and whether certain disruption events may have 
occurred such that redemption of the Securities may be postponed.  
The Determination Agent has no obligations to the Securityholders in making such 
determinations, and may make determines which may negative impact Securityholders, 
for example by determining that redemptions in respect of a Series of Securities may 
be suspended. The Determination Agent only has the obligations expressed to be 
binding on it pursuant to the Administration and Determination Agency Agreement. 
The actions of the Determination Agent may have a negative impact on the value of the 
Securities, or may result in a Securityholder being unable to redeem its securities, in 
particular due to the volatility of the price of the Underlying Assets as set out in the risk 
factor headed “Securityholders exposed to the value of the Underlying Assets” above. 
7.4 
The Securities will be redeemed where the appointment of the Determination 
Agent or the Custodian is terminated 
It is an Event of Default under the Master Conditions if the Determination Agent or the 
Custodian in respect of the applicable Series of Securities resigns or its appointment is 
terminated for any reason and, at the time such termination takes effect, no successor 
or replacement Determination Agent or Custodian has been appointed with respect to 
such Series. 
Following such an Event of Default, the Trustee may or (if directed in writing by holders 
of at least 25 per cent. in number of the relevant Series of Securities then outstanding 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution) shall, give notice that the Securities of the relevant 
Series shall become due and payable at their Redemption Amount. 
However, if there is no Determination Agent or Custodian appointed in respect of a 
Series of Securities, the Issuer may be unable to determine the Redemption Amount 
due to Securityholders. The Issuer may also experience a delay in its ability to access, 
or may be unable to access, the relevant Underlying Assets in respect of such Series. 
This may result in the payment or delivery being made at a time where the price of the 
Underlying Asset(s) is disadvantageous to Securityholders, or possibly not at all. This 
risk is heightened due to the volatility of Cryptoassets when compared to a traditional 
asset class, as is set out in paragraph 4 (Risks relating to the Cryptoassets). This may 
result in a partial or substantial loss of a Securityholders investment.  
8. 
Risks relating to regulatory change 
8.1 
The Issuer may redeem the Securities if it becomes illegal or impossible for the 
Issuer to issue or deal in the Securities or hold of deal with the Underlying Assets 
There is currently no single regulatory regime for the ownership, purchase and sale of 
Underlying Assets. As Cryptoassets have grown in popularity in market size, regulators

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
41
in multiple jurisdictions have been examining the operation of Cryptoasset networks, 
participants and trading venues. In addition to potential financial regulation, because of 
the high energy usage for Cryptoassets which rely on a “proof of work” methods, 
Cryptoasset mining may be subject to regulation arising from energy usage or climate 
concerns.  
The nature and extent of any future regulation of the Underlying Assets is uncertain, 
and any such future regulation may negatively impact on the price and demand of such 
Underlying Asset(s) and therefore an investment in the Securities. 
Whilst the Underlying Assets are either unregulated or lightly regulated in many 
jurisdictions, one or more jurisdictions may take action which makes it illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer to issue or deal with the Securities or to hold or deal with the 
Underlying Assets. If the Issuer (acting reasonably) determines that this is the case, it 
may redeem the Securities. This may occur at a time when the price of the Underlying 
Assets is less than would otherwise be the case and as a result Securityholders may 
receive less than their initial investment. 
8.2 
The application of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive to special 
purpose entities such as the Issuer is uncertain 
The EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) 
became effective on 22 July 2013. The application of the AIFMD to special purpose 
entities such as the Issuer is unclear. The Issuer does not operate in the same manner 
as a typical alternative investment fund. However, the definition of “alternative 
investment funds” (each an “AIF”) and AIFM in the AIFMD is broad and there is only 
limited guidance as to how such definition should be applied in the context of a special 
purpose entity such as the Issuer.  
Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF or an AIFM, or were the Arranger acting in 
any capacity in respect of the Securities and/or the Trustee to be found to be acting as 
an AIFM with respect to the AIF, the AIFM would be subject to the AIFMD. Owing to 
the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that either the Issuer or 
Arranger could comply fully with the requirements of the AIFMD. 
In such circumstance, it is likely that the Issuer would determine that it has become 
impossible or illegal to issue or deal with the Securities and therefore the Securities 
would be redeemed compulsorily, potentially at a time which is not favourable to the 
Securityholders. 
8.3 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities are issued in the form of debt securities. The Issuer does not consider 
that the Securities constitute interests in a collective investment scheme for the 
purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) or any similar 
law or regulation in any jurisdiction in which the Securities are offered but there can be 
no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not apply 
a different interpretation, including characterising the Securities as interests in a 
collective investment scheme or a fund.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
42
In particular, there is a risk that the Securities may not be characterised as debt 
securities if the Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Securities were to be 
regulated as financial instruments, which may be the case in the event that there is a 
change in law or regulation (or a development or change in the interpretation thereof) 
which has this effect.  
In this regard, prospective investors should note that HM Treasury published a 
consultation paper1 titled “Future Financial Services Regulatory Regime for 
Cryptoassets” (the “HMT Consultation Paper”) which sets out a proposal to require 
persons (natural or legal) who are carrying out certain activities involving cryptoassets 
“by way of business” to be authorised under Part 4A of the FSMA. In addition, HM 
Treasury proposes to include cryptoassets within a list of specified investments for the 
purposes of the FSMA (including for the purposes of the provisions in FSMA relating to 
UK collective investment schemes). If these proposals are implemented, this may mean 
that the Securities would no longer be characterised as debt securities for the purposes 
of the FSMA.   
Any such change of characterisation of the Securities, or a difference or development 
in the interpretation of existing rules, may have adverse consequences (including, 
without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for the Issuer and/or (and directly or 
indirectly) an investor. In particular, and without limitation, this may lead the Issuer to 
redeem the Securities, potentially at a time which is not favourable to the 
Securityholders. 
Prospective investors need to satisfy themselves of the characterisation of the 
Securities under applicable law and the prospect of developments which may lead to a 
change in characterisation, and that an investment in the Securities by them would 
comply with any applicable laws, regulations or guidelines applicable to them and would 
be in line with their individual investment objectives. If in doubt, prospective investors 
are advised to contact/consult their regulator(s) and advisor(s). 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisors on the implications, 
and in particular the tax implications, of investment in the Securities and any risk of 
characterisation of the Securities as a collective investment scheme, fund or similar.
1
https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/113
3404/TR_Privacy_edits_Future_financial_services_regulatory_regime_for_cryptoassets_vP.pdf

--- Page 47 ---
Important Information 
43
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Responsibility 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited (LEI: 254900MX83FZ8VWTKQ75) 
(the “Issuer”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from 
third parties, this information has been accurately reproduced and, 
as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in the section entitled “The Administrator and 
Determination Agent”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of JTC 
Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (which has taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited accepts responsibility solely for the 
information contained in the section entitled “The Custodian”. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of Komainu (Jersey) Limited (which 
has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such 
information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Archax Capital Ltd accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the section entitled “The Arranger”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of Archax Capital Ltd (which has taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. accepts responsibility 
solely for the information contained in the section entitled “The 
Trustee”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (which has taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Computershare 
Investor 
Services 
(Jersey) 
Limited 
accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled 
“The Registrar and Issuing and Paying Agent”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) 
Limited (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is

--- Page 48 ---
Important Information 
44
the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has not made any investigation with regards to the 
accuracy and completeness of the information under the sections 
entitled “The Administrator and Determination Agent”, “The 
Custodian”, “The Arranger”, “The Trustee” and “The Registrar and 
Issuing and Paying Agent” in this Base Prospectus (the “Third Party 
Information”). Prospective investors in the Securities should not rely 
upon, and should make their own independent investigations and 
enquires in respect of, the accuracy and completeness of the Third 
Party Information. 
Important 
regulatory 
disclosures 
European Economic Area 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the “Swedish FSA”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (such 
approval the “Swedish FSA Approval”). The Swedish FSA only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that 
are the subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
The Issuer has requested the Swedish FSA to provide the competent 
authorities in Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg and 
Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by any regulator in the 
European Union as a result of issuing the Securities. 
This document is valid as a Base Prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 for a maximum period of twelve months from the Swedish 
FSA Approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of the Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The 
obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus permits offers of Securities to the public in 
Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands and 
Sweden and/or admission to trading on the Relevant Exchange 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. There are restrictions on the 
offer and sale of the Securities into certain jurisdictions. See the 
section headed “Subscription and Sale”. 
In addition, the Issuer may decide to register this Base Prospectus in 
Switzerland with the reviewing body SIX Exchange Regulation AG or

--- Page 49 ---
Important Information 
45
another FINMA approved reviewing body, as a foreign prospectus 
that is also deemed to be approved in Switzerland pursuant to Article 
54 paragraph 2 FinSA, for the purposes of making a public offer of 
Securities in Switzerland or admission to trading of all or a series of 
Securities on a regulated stock exchange in Switzerland. 
Certain offers of the Securities may also be made where there is an 
exemption available under Article 3.2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation to the requirement to publish a Prospectus. 
United Kingdom 
This document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Exempt Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required 
to be published under (A) the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or (B) 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be (“Exempt 
Securities”) under this Base Prospectus. Neither the Swedish FSA 
nor any other regulatory authority has approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Securities. 
Jersey 
THE INVESTMENTS DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUND FOR THE 
PURPOSE 
OF 
THE 
COLLECTIVE 
INVESTMENT 
FUNDS 
(JERSEY) LAW 1988, AS AMENDED, ON THE BASIS THAT THEY 
ARE INVESTMENT PRODUCTS DESIGNED FOR FINANCIALLY 
SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS WITH SPECIALIST KNOWLEDGE 
OF, AND EXPERIENCE IN INVESTING IN, SUCH INVESTMENTS, 
WHO ARE CAPABLE OF FULLY EVALUATING THE RISKS

--- Page 50 ---
Important Information 
46
INVOLVED IN MAKING SUCH INVESTMENTS AND WHO HAVE 
AN ASSET BASE SUFFICIENTLY SUBSTANTIAL AS TO 
ENABLE THEM TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT THEY MIGHT 
SUFFER AS A RESULT OF MAKING SUCH INVESTMENTS. 
THESE INVESTMENTS ARE NOT REGARDED BY THE JERSEY 
FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
COMMISSION 
(THE 
“JFSC”) AS 
SUITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR ANY OTHER TYPE OF 
INVESTOR.
ANY INDIVIDUAL INTENDING TO INVEST IN ANY INVESTMENT 
DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR 
HER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER AND ENSURE THAT HE OR 
SHE FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL THE RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH MAKING SUCH AN INVESTMENT AND HAS SUFFICIENT 
FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT MAY 
ARISE FROM IT. 
The JFSC does not opine on, or otherwise endorse, the Issuer 
falling within the scope of the Collective Investment Funds 
(Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. Accordingly, the 
JFSC takes no responsibility should the Issuer fail to meet the 
conditions of the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of 
Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. 
The Registrar, the Custodian and Issuing and Paying Agent are 
registered under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as 
amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake 
its functions in relation to the Securities. The JFSC is protected by 
the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge 
of its functions thereunder. 
The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial 
soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements 
made or expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
Switzerland 
It is expected that this Base Prospectus (together with any 
supplements hereto as at such time), together with evidence of the 
Swedish FSA Approval, will be filed with a Swiss Review Body for 
automatic recognition in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA 
as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA. 
In connection with any such filing, such Swiss Review Body will not 
review or approve this Base Prospectus (as so supplemented) or any 
subsequently published supplements hereto. Once this Base 
Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto as at such time) 
has been so filed and published in accordance with the FinSA, this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(together 
with 
any 
supplements 
hereto 
subsequently published from time to time, which supplements, once

--- Page 51 ---
Important Information 
47
approved by the Swedish FSA, will be filed with the relevant Swiss 
Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA) may be 
used, subject to any other applicable requirements under the FinSA 
or the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as 
amended (the “FinSO”), for any public offering of Securities in 
Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of 
Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. In such case, 
the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the relevant Swiss 
Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Final 
Terms for any such Securities will not be reviewed or approved by 
such Swiss Review Body. The Swedish FSA is not the competent 
authority and will neither approve nor review the Final Terms in 
respect of such Securities. 
No representations
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make 
any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Securities and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Arranger, the Trustee or any of their 
respective affiliates. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale of Securities made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date of this 
Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Trustee nor any of their respective 
affiliates has separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. Except as described above with respect to Third 
Party Information in respect of such party, neither the Arranger nor 
the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law, accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or for 
any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger, 
the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates or on behalf of any of 
them in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the 
Securities. Each of the Arranger and the Trustee accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have 
in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Risk factors 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described 
under the section headed “Risk Factors” and, in particular, to the

--- Page 52 ---
Important Information 
48
limited recourse nature of the Securities and the fact that the Issuer 
is a special purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus does not describe 
all of the risks of an investment in the Securities and there may be 
other reasons why the Issuer is unable to pay amounts due in respect 
of the Securities and/or why amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities may be reduced.  
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as 
general information only and the Arranger and the Trustee disclaim 
any responsibility to advise purchasers of Securities of the risks and 
investment considerations associated therewith as may exist at the 
date hereof or from time to time. 
No Investment 
Advice 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that the facts stated in this Base Prospectus are true and accurate in 
all material respects, and that there are no other facts, the omission 
of which would make misleading any statement in this Base 
Prospectus, whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept 
responsibility accordingly. Nothing in this document or anything 
communicated to holders or potential holders of Securities or other 
obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be 
construed as advice on the merits of the purchase or subscription for 
the Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the 
purposes of the Financial Services Law. 
The Issuer makes no representations as to: 

the suitability of any Securities for any particular investor; 

the appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax 
consequences of an investment in any Securities; or 

the expected performance of any Securities, either in 
absolute terms of relative to competing investments. 
Independent 
review/investor 
suitability 
Independent review and investment advice 
Each prospective investor in the Securities must determine, based on 
its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems 
appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Securities is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. 
To determine whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate, 
each prospective investor must consider its own assessment of the 
financial condition and affairs and the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and such professional advice (including, without limitation, any tax, 
accounting, business, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems 
appropriate to assess the economic and political condition of the 
country in which such obligor is located.

--- Page 53 ---
Important Information 
49
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be 
considered as a recommendation or as constituting an invitation or 
offer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
should purchase any of the Securities. Prospective investors should 
read the information set out in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms, and reach their own conclusions prior to 
making a decision in respect of any investment. The Trustee and the 
Arranger expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition, 
creditworthiness or affairs of the Issuer or any other relevant 
obligor(s) during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the term of any Securities issued nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Securities of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Arranger, the Trustee or any of 
their respective affiliates. 
Investor suitability for complex products 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should conduct such 
independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the 
security arrangements and the Securities as they deem appropriate 
to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should have sufficient 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, and 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to 
evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms and the merits and risks of investing in the 
Securities in the context of their financial position and circumstances. 
Sufficient financial resources 
Each prospective investor in the Securities should have sufficient 
financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the relevant Securities. This includes the risk of where 
principal and interest may reduce as a result of the occurrence of 
different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity 
or otherwise or changes in particular rates, values, prices or indices, 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the prospective investor’s currency. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger, or 
the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or 
as to the other matters referred to above. 
Applicable Laws 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment 
laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent: 

the Securities are legal investments for it; and/or

--- Page 54 ---
Important Information 
50

other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Securities. 
Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No advisory or fiduciary obligations 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the other Transaction 
Parties or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment 
adviser or as adviser in any other capacity. None of them (other than 
the Trustee under the Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation 
to any purchaser of Securities or any other party, including the Issuer.
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the other Transaction 
Parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in 
respect of: 

any Underlying Asset(s); 

any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed in respect of such Underlying Asset(s) with 
any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory 
authority or any other person.  
None of the Arranger or any of the other Transaction Parties makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the 
Issuer or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as 
general information only and the Arranger and the Trustee disclaim 
any responsibility to advise purchasers of Securities of the risks and 
investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at 
the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
Non-Exempt Offers
European Union 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits 
offers that are not made within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”) in Denmark, France, Germany, 
Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands and Sweden and, subject to 
completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member 
State within the EEA that is specified as a Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction” and together, the “Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a Non-
Exempt Offer of Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus must 
only do so with the Issuer’s consent – see “Consent to use this Base 
Prospectus” below.

--- Page 55 ---
Important Information 
51
United Kingdom 
This document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. As such, Securities may not be 
offered in the United Kingdom unless they are Exempt Securities. 
Exempt Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required 
to be published under (A) the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or (B) 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be (“Exempt 
Securities”) under this Base Prospectus. Neither the Swedish FSA 
nor any other regulatory authority has approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Securities. 
For each Series of Exempt Securities, the information relevant to the 
particular Series will be set out in a final terms document for Exempt 
Securities (the “Final Terms for Exempt Securities” and references 
herein to the “Final Terms” in respect of a Series of Securities shall, 
in relation to any Series of Exempt Securities, be read as references 
to “Final Terms for Exempt Securities”). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Final Terms for Exempt Securities do not constitute “final terms” 
as such term is used under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consent to use 
this Base 
Prospectus 
In the context of any Non-Exempt Offer of Securities, the Issuer 
accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, 
for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any prospective 
investor who purchases any Securities in a Non-Exempt Offer made 
by the Issuer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below) where that 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms for 
which the consent is given and in compliance with the other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not 
authorised the making of any offer by any offeror in the European 
Union and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any offer of the 
Securities in the European Union. Any offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, a prospective investor is 
offered Securities by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the 
prospective investor should check with such person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the 
relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If a 
prospective investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this 
Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the 
prospective investor should take legal advice.

--- Page 56 ---
Important Information 
52
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular Series 
of Securities, the Issuer consents to use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with 
any Non-Exempt Offer of a Tranche of Securities in any of the Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the Final Terms during the 
Offer Period specified in the Final Terms which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or are 
to be offered to the public in the European Economic Area, by: 

the financial intermediary/ies specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (each, an “Authorised Offeror”); and 

any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of 
the applicable Final Terms and whose name is published on 
the Issuer’s Website and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer, 
in each case subject to the relevant conditions as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
It shall be a condition of such consent that this Base Prospectus may 
only be used by the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings 
of any Series of Securities in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction.  
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised 
Offerors after the date of the applicable Final Terms, (ii) discontinue 
or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions and, 
if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will 
be published on the Issuer’s Website. The consent relates only to 
offer periods occurring within the maximum period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
A prospective investor intending to acquire or acquiring any 
Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Securities to such prospective investor by an 
Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and the prospective investor including as to price, 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and 
Master Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer will 
not be a party to any such arrangements with such prospectus 
investor and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not, and 
any Final Terms will not, contain such information. The Terms 
and Master Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be 
provided to such prospective investor by that Authorised 
Offeror at the time the offer is made. None of the Issuer or, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger or other Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility of liability for such information. 
Each Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus shall state 
on its website that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the consent and conditions attached hereto.

--- Page 57 ---
Important Information 
53
Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the 
offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. In particular, no action has been or will be taken by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any of their respective 
affiliates (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which is 
intended to permit a public offering of the Securities or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Securities may 
not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
Applicable Laws. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Trustee 
represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Trustee to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and 
include Securities that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred within the United States or to (i) “U.S. persons” (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) “U.S. persons” 
(as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 
15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
“Exchange Act”) or (iii) a person who comes within any definition of 
“U.S. person” for the purposes of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), or any rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder (including but not limited to 
any person who is not a “Non-United States person” under CFTC 
Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also including but not limited to a “U.S. person” 
as described in and for the purposes of the CFTC’s Interpretive 
Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013) as amended 
from time to time). For a description of certain restrictions on offers 
and sales of Securities and on distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
the United States and the European Economic Area, see the section 
headed “Subscription and Sale”. 
In October 2020, the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) issued 
rules prohibiting the sale, marketing and distribution to all retail 
consumers of any derivatives and ETNs that reference unregulated 
transferrable crypto assets by firms acting in, or from, the United 
Kingdom. As at the date of this Base Prospectus such rules remain 
in place. In line with such rules, the Securities may not be offered or

--- Page 58 ---
Important Information 
54
sold to any retail investors in the United Kingdom. See “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Prohibition of 
sales to EEA retail 
investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of 
sales to UK retail 
investors 
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended 
or supplemented in the UK thereafter; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or 
supplemented in the UK thereafter; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
and as amended or supplemented in the UK thereafter (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the UK 
thereafter (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 59 ---
Important Information 
55
MiFID II Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs only target market” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and 
which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. The target market assessment in respect of the Securities 
may be retail investors. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, 
for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any person subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance / Professional 
investors and ECPs only target market” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels 
for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. The target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities may be retail investors. 
A determination will be made in relation to each relevant issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any person subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
STS 
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose vehicle for the 
issuance of the Securities as described in this Base Prospectus, no 
notification has been or is intended to be communicated to the 
European Securities and Markets Authority in relation to the Simple, 
Transparent and Standardised (STS) criteria set out in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/2402.

--- Page 60 ---
Important Information 
56
Money Laundering 
Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations and/or any subsequent equivalent 
legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity 
(i) of the Authorised Participants or (ii) following a relevant 
announcement by the Issuer through a notice permitting non-
Authorised Participants to deal with the Issuer, non-Authorised 
Participants, for Securities may be required.  
The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions 
may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of 
the Authorised Participants or non-Authorised Participants (as 
applicable). 
By lodging an application form, each Authorised Participant or non-
Authorised Participants (as applicable) confirms that it is subject to 
the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time 
to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering Regulations 
2007 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such 
other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer at the time of 
lodging the application form, or, at the absolute discretion of the 
Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested to 
ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, 
the Money Laundering Regulations 2007 and/or any other applicable 
legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether 
the verification of identity requirements apply to any Authorised 
Participant or non-Authorised Participants (as applicable) and 
whether such requirements have been satisfied, the Issuer shall not 
be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such 
Authorised Participant’s or non-Authorised Participant’s (as 
applicable) identity satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is 
provided.

--- Page 61 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
57
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties involved in the issuance of 
Securities 
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties, including the Arranger’s group, may act in multiple 
capacities in connection with any Series of Securities. They may be an active and significant 
participant in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets, temporarily or long-
term. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties have only the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to in the relevant capacity and will not be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to be subject to a standard of care other than as may be 
expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. They do not have the duty or 
obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Securities when 
effecting transactions in such markets. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may enter 
into business dealings relating to the Securities or the Underlying Asset(s) without any duty to 
account for such revenues or profits. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may 
purchase and hold Securities of any Series. Any activities the Arranger or other Transaction 
Parties undertake will be in compliance with applicable regulations and laws. 
Archax Capital Ltd is majority owned by Archax Holdings Ltd. Archax Holdings Ltd also wholly 
owns Archax Ltd, a UK based FCA regulated multilateral trading facility on which the Securities 
may be admitted and traded. In addition, Archax Ltd has the FCA regulatory permissions and 
capabilities to act as a custodian. Other entities of Archax Holdings Ltd may undertake roles 
such as operating as a market maker in the future. 
The Arranger’s group and other Transaction Parties may at any time be an active and 
significant participant in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for 
currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities undertaken 
by the Arranger’s group and other Transaction Parties may be on such a scale as to affect, 
temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, securities relating to 
currencies, securities and derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to, the 
Securities or any Underlying Asset. Notwithstanding this, neither the Arranger nor other 
Transaction Parties necessarily have a duty or obligation to take into account the interests of 
any party in relation to any Securities when effecting transactions in such markets. 
The Trustee is required to have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class 
and not individually and does not assume any duty or responsibility to any Transaction 
Party other than the Secured Creditors.  
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of 
the Securityholders as a class and is not required to have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Securityholders. The Trustee is not entitled to require, nor is any 
Securityholder entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any such exercise upon individual Securityholders. 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not, in respect of Securities of any 
Series, assume any duty or responsibility to any of the Custodian, the Determination Agent, 
any of the Paying Agents, any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other 
than to pay any such party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance 
with the Master Conditions and the Trust Deed). The Trustee is not obliged to act on any 
directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party other than where expressly provided

--- Page 62 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
58
otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party, including in 
circumstances where it is directed to enforce the security.

--- Page 63 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
59
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITIES 
The Issuer from time to time may issue Securities under the Programme which are secured on 
the Underlying Assets for such Series of Securities. Information specific to each Series of 
Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The amount payable on the Securities will depend on the performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) and the fees, costs and expenses charged in relation to the Securities. See the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed “Risk Factors”. 
ELIGIBLE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
For all Securities (save for Exempt Securities) the relevant Underlying Asset(s) must be Eligible 
Underlying Asset(s), as determined on the issue date of the relevant Securities and, in the 
case of Index Securities and a Rebalancing, on the date on which the relevant index is 
rebalanced in the case of Underlying Asset(s) which are added to the relevant index. 
“Eligible Underlying Assets” are cryptoassets that are among the top fifty cryptoassets as 
measured by market capitalisation.  
The determination as to whether a cryptoasset is an Eligible Underlying Asset shall be based 
on: 
1. 
the data regarding market capitalisation and price per unit in USD as published on 
coinmarketcap.com as at the relevant date (being the Issue Date or, in the case of a 
new Underlying Asset which is added on a Rebalancing, on the date of such 
Rebalancing);
2. 
if no data is available as per (1) above, then the most recent data published on 
coinmarketcap.com; or
3. 
if no data is available as per (1) or (2), then the Eligible Underlying Assets shall consist 
of the cryptocurrencies identified in the table below,
in each case, subject to any limitations pursuant to any Applicable Law: 
Cryptocurrency 
Bitcoin 
Ethereum 
BNB 
XRP 
Cardano 
Polygon

--- Page 64 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
60
Solana 
Polkadot 
Litecoin 
TRON 
Avalanche 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
Chainlink 
Uniswap 
UNUS SED LEO 
Cosmos 
Ethereum Classic 
Stellar 
Toncoin 
OKB 
Bitcoin Cash 
Filecoin 
Lido DAO 
Aptos 
Hedera 
Cronos 
Arbitrum 
NEAR Protocol 
VeChain 
Algorand 
Quant 
Internet Computer

--- Page 65 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
61
EOS 
Stacks 
The Graph 
Fantom 
Conflux 
BitDAO 
Decentraland 
MultiversX 
Tezos 
Theta Network 
Aave 
Flow 
Immutable 
Axie Infinity 
The Sandbox 
Neo 
KuCoin Token 
Chiliz 
A description of each Eligible Underlying Asset is available at  www.coinmarketcap.com by 
selecting 
the 
relevant 
Eligible 
Underlying 
Asset, 
e.g.: 
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/. Each Eligible Underlying Asset is presented 
with a description of features, technology and various market data.  
The Issuer takes no responsibility for the content of these websites and they are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
APPLICATIONS FOR SECURITIES 
It is intended that each Series of Securities will be subject to a continual and ongoing 
subscription and redemption mechanism. Authorised Participants (or in certain circumstances, 
a Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant) may make an order for subscription of 
Securities (a “Subscription Order”) for the application of new Securities or submit a

--- Page 66 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
62
Redemption Order for the redemption of existing Securities. The minimum initial investment in 
Securities which must be made by an Authorised Participant is US $100,000 (or equivalent). 
Subscriptions
The process for the application for subscription of Securities by Authorised Participants is as 
follows: 
1. 
Authorised Participants may make a Subscription Order for Securities in accordance with 
the Authorised Participant Agreement; 
2. 
Following receipt of a valid order, the Issuer will confirm the application to the Authorised 
Participant; 
3. 
The Authorised Participant delivers either: 
a. in the case of physical applications, a quantity of the relevant Underlying 
Asset(s) to the Custodian equal to the Coin Entitlement for the Securities to 
which the Subscription Order relates, as required under the Master Conditions; 
or 
b. in the case of cash applications, cash in the Base Currency to the Issuer equal 
to the Coin Entitlement for the Securities to which the Subscription Order 
relates, as required under the Master Conditions, which the Issuer will then 
apply to acquire the relevant Underlying Assets in an amount required under 
the Master Conditions; 
4. 
In respect of physical applications, the Custodian confirms to the Issuer that it has 
received the relevant quantity of the Underlying Assets as required under the Master 
Conditions; 
5. 
The Issuer issues the new Tranche of Securities and notifies the Issuing and Paying 
Agent; 
6. 
The Issuer delivers the Securities to the relevant account of the Authorised Participant 
via the Relevant Clearing System (such as CREST); 
7. 
The Securities are admitted to trading on the Relevant Exchange applicable for the 
Series; and 
8. 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Securities on the Relevant Exchange, sell 
the Securities in OTC transactions or hold the Securities. 
A diagrammatic overview of the process of application for the Securities by Authorised 
Participants is set out below. The Issuer may charge the Authorised Participant fees in respect 
of the subscription of Securities, as agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant. 
In the event that the Issuer is holding cash or Underlying Asset(s) in respect of a Subscription 
Order which does not satisfy the requirements set out in the Master Conditions and the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, or such order fails to settle in accordance with the Master 
Conditions and the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer will notify the Authorised 
Participant forthwith and arrange for such cash or Underlying Assets to be returned to the 
Authorised Participant as soon as reasonably possible.

--- Page 67 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
63
Redemptions
An Authorised Participant (or in certain circumstances, a Securityholder who is not an 
Authorised Participant) may require the Issuer to redeem Securities. This is done by the 
submission of a Redemption Order which, to be valid, must: 

specify the number and Series of Securities to be redeemed; 

relate to only one Series of Securities; 

be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the Authorised Participant or 
Securityholder (as applicable); 

provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any compliance and 
identification checks; 

comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice given by the Issuer; 

specify a digital wallet (or bank account) into which the Underlying Asset(s) (or net cash 
proceeds) are to be deposited, to the extent that it is not already specified in the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement; and 

where submitted by a Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant, elect the 
Physical Redemption Procedures or the Cash Redemption Procedures and contain any 
additional information as the Issuer (acting reasonably) determines is required to satisfy 
any application “know-your-customer” requirements, including (without limitation) that 
such Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder. 
In addition, where the Redemption Order is submitted by a Securityholder who is not an 
Authorised Participant, the redemption will be conditional upon payment by the Securityholder 
of the relevant Redemption Fee (as well as satisfaction of all relevant AML and KYC checks), 
which will be notified to the Securityholder by the Issuer following receipt of the Redemption 
Order. 
The process for the redemption of Securities is as follows: 
Issuer 
Authorised 
Participant 
Securityholder 
Relevant 
Exchange 
Custodian
3. Delivery of cash to the Issuer (for cash 
applications) 
4. Acquisition and 
deposit of Underlying 
Assets (for 
cash applications) 
4. Confirmation of delivery 
of Underlying Asset (for 
physical applications) 
7. Securities 
admitted to 
trading 
5. Issue of new 
Tranche of Securities
8. Sale 
of 
Securities 
to 
trading 
1. Subscription Order 
2. Confirmation of 
Subscription Order 
3. Delivery of Underlying Assets to Custodian (for 
physical applications) 
6. Delivery of Securities to 
Authorised Participant’s 
clearing account 
Registrar

--- Page 68 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
64
1. 
The Authorised Participant submits a valid Redemption Order in accordance with the 
Master Conditions; 
2. 
The Issuer confirms the Redemption Order delivered by the Authorised Participant; 
3. 
The Authorised Participant makes an Acceptable Delivery of Securities to the Issuer; 
4. 
The Issuer circulates a Redemption Notice to the Transaction Parties, including to each 
of the Custodian and the Registrar and the Issuing and Paying Agent; 
5. 
On the relevant date, the Issuer: 
a. in the case of cash redemption, arranges a sale of the relevant Underlying 
Asset(s) in respect of the Securities subject to redemption; or 
b. in the case of physical redemption, instructs the Custodian, in accordance with 
the Custody Agreement, to transfer to the Securityholder the relevant 
Underlying Asset(s) in respect of the Securities subject to redemption; 
6. 
In relation to the redemption of the Securities: 
a. in the case of cash redemption, the Issuer arranges a sale of the Underlying 
Asset(s) and delivers an amount in the Base Currency equal to the Redemption 
Amount to the Securityholder via the Authorised Participant; or 
b. in the case of physical redemption, the Custodian delivers a quantity of the 
Underlying Asset(s) equal to the Redemption Amount to the Securityholder via 
the Authorised Participant; and 
7. 
The Authorised Participant onward transfers the Redemption Amount to the 
Securityholder. 
8. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent cancels the Securities in the Issuer’s clearing account.

--- Page 69 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
65
The above summarises the subscription process by which Authorised Participants subscribes 
for Securities and redeems Securities directly from the Issuer. Prospective investors may 
purchase or sell Securities directly with the Authorised Participants or on the Relevant 
Exchange on which such Securities are admitted to trading. Prospective investors should note 
that they may incur fees in respect of such purchases or sales of Securities in the secondary 
market, charged either by Authorised Participants, intermediaries or brokers or by the Relevant 
Exchange on which such Securities are listed. 
Registrar 
Issuer 
Authorised 
Participant 
Securityholder
8. Cancellation of 
Securities in 
Issuer’s clearing 
account 
4. Redemption Notice 
5. Request for transfer 
or sale of Underlying 
Asset 
1. Valid Redemption Order
2. Confirmation of 
Redemption Order 
Custodian
7. Onward 
delivery of 
Underlying 
Assets / 
Redemption 
Amount 
3. Acceptable Delivery of 
Securities 
Determination 
Agent 
6. Delivery of Underlying Assets / Redemption 
Amount from proceeds of Sale of Underlying Asset 
to Securityholder (via the Authorised Participant)

--- Page 70 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
66
REDEMPTION EVENTS 
Optional Redemption 
Securityholders who are Authorised Participants (and, in certain circumstances, 
Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants) may request redemption of Securities 
through submission of a valid Redemption Order.
Compulsory Redemption 
The Securities may also be redeemed on the occurrence of certain events, including (without 
limitation): 
 
At the discretion of the Issuer on giving 30 calendar days’ notice; 
 
The occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event; 
 
In the absolute discretion of the Issuer where, following a written notice delivered by the 
Issuer to a Securityholder requiring that Securityholder to provide, within 10 Business 
Days of such notice, an executed certificate and evidence satisfactory to the Issuer that 
such Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder; 
o 
that Securityholder certifies that it is a Prohibited Securityholder; or 
o 
that Securityholder fails to provide an executed certificate in the form and manner 
required under the Master Conditions as to its status as a Prohibited Securityholder 
within 10 Business Days from the date of the Issuer’s notice; 
 
The Issuer determining (acting reasonably) that it is illegal, impossible or impractical for 
the Issuer to issue or deal with such Securities or to hold or deal with the Underlying 
Assets in respect of such Securities; or 
 
An Event of Default occurs. 
Disruption and suspension 
In certain circumstances, the subscription or redemption of the Securities may be disrupted, 
postponed or suspended. These include: 
 
The Determination Agent determining that the prevailing market value of the Coin 
Entitlement is less than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Security; 
 
Trading and/or settlement in the relevant Underlying Asset(s) is suspended or limited or 
any exchange or trading facility on which such Underlying Asset(s) trades is not open or 
has permanently discontinued; 
 
Resignation of all Custodian(s) in respect of the relevant Series of Securities without a 
replacement having been appointed;  
 
The Secured Property in respect of a Series of Securities having been lost or is 
inaccessible;  
 
In respect of redemptions only, in circumstances where the Underlying Assets in respect 
of the Securities subject to redemption are staked by the Issuer; and/or 
 
At any time in the sole discretion of the Issuer.

--- Page 71 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
67
See the section headed “Redemption Events”. 
REDEMPTION PROCESS AND REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
On redemption the Securityholder will receive a cash amount in the Base Currency (where the 
Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Cash Redemption Procedures) or a quantity 
of the Underlying Assets (whether the Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures) equal to the Redemption Amount on the relevant Settlement Date. 
The Securities do not bear interest. 
The process for redemption of the Securities and the Redemption Amount will depend on 
whether the Securities are redeemed in accordance with the Cash Redemption Procedures or 
the Physical Redemption Procedures. 
Cash Redemption Procedures
On the Instruction Date, the Issuer shall arrange for the sale of the relevant Underlying Assets. 
The Redemption Amount will be transferred to the Securityholder (via the Authorised 
Participant) through the Relevant Clearing System on the Settlement Date, being: 
 
In the case of Optional Redemption, the second Payment Business Day following the 
date on which the Issuer has received in full cleared funds the proceeds of sale of the 
relevant Underlying Asset(s) in respect of the Securities; or 
 
in the case of Compulsory Redemption, the Payment Business Day following the 
Instruction Date, or such other date as the Issuer may determine (acting reasonably) to 
facilitate an orderly redemption. 
On cash redemption the Securityholders will be entitled to a portion of the actual net proceeds 
realised on sale of the relevant Underlying Assets, minus a portion of the Redemption 
Deductions for the Series. The Cash Redemption Amount is calculated as follows: 
 
the quotient of: 
o 
the net proceeds actually realised from the sale of an amount of Underlying Asset(s) 
equal to the Coin Entitlement for such Series (in the Base Currency and subject to 
conversion where applicable); and 
o 
the proportion that the Securities of such Series held by that Securityholder that are 
subject to redemption bears to the total number of Securities of such Series; 
minus 
 
the relevant proportion of the Redemption Deductions for the Series subject to 
redemption (in the Base Currency and subject to conversion where applicable); 
Physical Redemption Procedures 
On the Instruction Date, the Issuer shall instruct the Custodian, in accordance with the Custody 
Agreement, to transfer the Underlying Asset(s) in an amount equal to the Redemption Amount 
to the account of the Securityholder. The Underlying Asset(s) will be delivered to the 
Securityholder on the Settlement Date, being:

--- Page 72 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
68
 
in the case of Optional Redemption, the second Valuation Date after delivery of the 
Redemption Notice, or, where the Issuer determines (acting reasonably) that the 
Underlying Asset(s) will not be deposited to the account of the Securityholder on such 
date, such later Valuation Date as the Issuer may determine; or 
 
in the case of Compulsory Redemption, the Payment Business Day following the 
Instruction Date, or such other date as the Issuer may determine (acting reasonably) to 
facilitate an orderly redemption. 
On physical redemption the Securityholders will be entitled to a quantity of the Underlying 
Assets minus a portion of the Redemption Deductions for the Series. The Physical Redemption 
Amount is calculated as: 
 
the product of: 
o 
the Coin Entitlement with respect to a Security of that Series; and 
o 
the number of Securities held by that Securityholder subject to redemption; 
minus 
 
the Coin Equivalent of the Redemption Deductions with respect to the Securityholder 
and the Securities of that Series held by that Securityholder. 
Coin Entitlement and Individual Coin Entitlement
Each Series of Securities has a Coin Entitlement. The Coin Entitlement is a quantity of 
Underlying Assets per Security of that Series which is used to calculate the Redemption 
Amount for the Series of Securities. The Coin Entitlement for a Series of Securities is the sum 
of each Individual Coin Entitlement in relation to such Series of Securities. With respect to 
Securities where the Underlying Assets comprise a single Cryptoasset, there will only be one 
Individual Coin Entitlement. For Index Securities, there will be an Individual Coin Entitlement 
in respect of each Cryptoasset comprising the relevant Index (subject as below in relation to 
rebalancings).  
Where the Coin Entitlement differs from the composition of the Index, changes in the level of 
the Index, including as a result of a Rebalancing, may not result in correlated changes to the 
value of the Index Securities. 
The Initial Coin Entitlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be published 
each Business Day on the Issuer’s Website. The Coin Entitlement is calculated to the Coin 
Entitlement Precision Level in accordance with the following formula and reduces on a daily 
basis to reflect the accrued Arranger Fee payable in respect of the Securities.  
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡) = Σ 𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)
where: 
i
denotes the Security; and

--- Page 73 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
69
t
denotes the applicable day (with t-1 denoting the  
 
previous day); and 
ICE(i,j,t)
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Cryptoasset  
comprised in the Underlying Assets on day t.
The Individual Coin Entitlement in respect of each Cryptoasset comprising the Coin 
Entitlement for a Series of Securities will be calculated daily to the applicable Coin 
Entitlement Precision Level in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)  = 𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡−1) 𝑥 (1 −𝐴𝐹(𝑖,𝑡)) 1/𝑁 + 𝑊𝐴(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡−1)
where: 
i
denotes the Security; 
j 
denotes one of the Cryptoassets comprised in the   
Underlying Assets on day t; 
t
denotes the applicable day (with t-1 denoting the  
 
previous day); 
ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for Cryptoasset j on day  
t;
ICE(i,j,t-1)
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for Cryptoasset j on the  
day preceding day t;
AF(i,t)
means the per annum Arranger Fee applicable to the  
Series on day t, expressed as a decimal (for example, an  
annual fee of 90 basis points per annum is expressed as  
0.0090); and 
N
means the number of days in the calendar year, being  
365 or 366; 
WA(i,j,t-1)
is WA(i,j,t) on the day preceding day t; and 
WA(i,j,t)  
is the Weight Adjustment Factor applicable for  
Cryptoasset j on day t (which shall be zero in respect of  
Securities that are not Index Securities and, in respect of  
any Index Securities, on any day that is not a  
Rebalancing Date). 
Arranger Fee 
The Arranger Fee for each Series of Securities is the amount paid by the Issuer to the Arranger 
for the administrative and operational services provided by the Arranger to the Issuer in respect

--- Page 74 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
70
of the Programme. The Arranger Fee accrues on a daily basis and is deducted from the 
Individual Coin Entitlement which will consequently reduce the Coin Entitlement. 
The Arranger Fee for a Series of Securities is specified in the applicable Final Terms and may 
be varied by the Issuer from time to time. If the Arranger Fee is varied, the Securityholders will 
be notified and the varied Arranger Fee will not take effect for a period of five Business Days 
from the date of such notice.  
Worked example of Coin Entitlement 
Securities comprising a single Cryptoasset
Taking as an example a Series of Security for which “Index Security” is not specified as 
Applicable in the Final Terms, consider on day 1 the Coin Entitlement is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as 0.03, the Arranger Fee for the Series of Securities is 0.90 per cent. 
per annum and the Weight Adjustment Factor is 0. On day 2 the Coin Entitlement would be 
reduced to take account for the daily amount of the annual Arranger Fee charged for that day. 
This would be calculated as follows, with a Coin Entitlement Precision Level of 16 decimal 
places:  
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)  = 0.03 𝑥(1 −0.0090) 1/365  = 0.0299992569342997
On day 3, the Coin Entitlement would reduce further to reflect another days’ worth of accrued 
Arranger Fee payable. This would be calculated as follows, with a Coin Entitlement Precision 
Level of 16 decimal places: 
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)  = 0.0299992569342997 𝑥(1 −0.0090) 1/365
= 0.0299985138870042
As demonstrated above, the Coin Entitlement reduces on a daily basis to take account for the 
daily accrual of the Arranger Fee payable by the Issuer. 
Publication of Coin Entitlement 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s website at www.archax.capital of the 
current Coin Entitlement for each Series of Securities in issue. In certain circumstances, the 
publication of the Coin Entitlement for a Series of Securities may be postponed or delayed. 
This may occur, for example, if a disruption occurs during a Rebalancing Period which prevents 
the Issuer or the Determination Agent on its behalf from being able to determine the Weight 
Adjustment Factor for such Rebalancing Date.

--- Page 75 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
71
Redemption Deductions and Coin Equivalent 
Redemption Deductions are deducted at redemption as part of the calculation of the 
Redemption Amount. Redemption Deductions primarily comprise the Execution Fee, which 
reflects the necessary costs of the Issuer actually incurred in connection with the sale or 
transfer of the Underlying Assets.  
Redemption Deductions may be incurred by the Issuer in fiat currency. This amount is 
transferred into the Underlying Asset(s) using the concept of the Coin Equivalent. The Coin 
Equivalent is the amount of the Underlying Asset(s) determined by the Determination Agent 
equal to the amount of Redemption Deductions incurred by the Issuer in fiat currency. 
Redemption Deductions will be notified to the relevant Securityholders at the time of 
redemption and are deducted from the Coin Entitlement to calculate the Redemption Amount. 
Converting the Coin Entitlement into an indicative market value 
Securityholders should be aware that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends 
for all subscriptions (and redemptions) for any Series of Securities to be effected physically 
through delivery by the Authorised Participant (or to the Authorised Participant) of the relevant 
Underlying Asset(s). Therefore the Issuer will only issue Securities once it has received the 
Underlying Assets into the account held with the Custodian, and will only settle redemption of 
the Securities by delivering the relevant amount of Underlying Asset(s) to the Authorised 
Participant (or, in certain circumstances, the Securityholder). 
There are multiple indicative prices publicly available for Underlying Assets that may be used 
by Securityholders to determine an indicative market value price for the Securities which they 
hold on any given day. Each Security that is held by a Securityholder contains an entitlement 
on redemption to the Redemption Amount which is calculated by reference to the Coin 
Entitlement. Securityholders or prospective investors may convert that Coin Entitlement into 
an indicative market value for Securities by using the following formula: 
Coin Entitlement x Indicative Price = Indicative Market Value 
There may be multiple indicative prices for the Underlying Assets available which may be used 
by Securityholders for this purpose. The Issuer intends to use the price for the relevant 
Underlying Assets as published on the relevant websites applicable to such Underlying Assets 
to provide an indicative market value for Securities on a daily basis. 
For example, consider (i) a Securityholder holds Bitcoin-linked Securities on a particular date 
with a Coin Entitlement of 0.03 and (ii) the closing price for Bitcoin published on such date was 
$10,000.00. The indicative market value for such Securities would therefore be calculated as 
follows (per Security): 
0.03 x $10,000.00= $300

--- Page 76 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
72
Trading at premium or discount 
In the event that a Series of Securities trades at a significant premium or discount (i.e. +/- 2 
per cent. or more for seven consecutive trading days) to the expected price for such Security 
based on prevailing market prices for the specified Underlying Asset(s), the Issuer will make 
disclosure of such premium or discount on the Issuer’s Website and provide a discussion of 
the factors that are reasonably believed to have materially contributed to the premium or 
discount (as applicable). 
Although the Issuer relies solely on the Coin Entitlement for purposes of the application and 
redemption process, potential investors can look to external sources for real time prices of the 
Underlying Assets. Those sources include dedicated trading venues for digital assets, such as 
those listed under the heading ‘Exchanges and liquidity’ above and more traditional indexes 
and reference prices provided by index providers such as Bloomberg Index Services, CF 
Benchmarks and FTSE Russell Indices. See the section headed “Converting the Coin 
Entitlement into an indicative market value” above. The list is not exhaustive, and the Issuer 
takes no responsibility for the reliability or the accuracy of prices published by trading venues 
or index providers. 
Worked examples 
Securities comprising a single Cryptoasset (a “Single Coin Security”)
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show possible outcomes of an investment in a 
Single Coin Security. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of 
the Securities and are for illustration purposes only, and do not reflect any taxes that may be 
incurred or payable by the investor in connection with the relevant transactions. The following 
assumptions have been made: 
1. An investor invests in the Single Coin Security for one full calendar year. 
2. 1 Single Coin Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
3. The price of the relevant Cryptoasset referenced by that Single Coin Security when the 
Single Coin Security is bought is $10,000. 
4. The Coin Entitlement of the Single Coin Security when the Single Coin Security is 
bought is 0.01 Cryptoasset. 
5. The annual level of fees are 0.90 per cent. per annum, for which a dollar value has 
been given in the scenarios below. 
6. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Single Coin Securities during 
the investment period. 
7. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment 
adviser for the sale and purchase of the Single Coin Securities and the custody fees of 
the investors bank are excluded. 
Scenario 1: The price of the relevant Cryptoasset increases: 
 
1 Single Coin Security is bought from the broker at a price of $100.

--- Page 77 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
73
 
The price of the relevant Cryptoasset increases by 75 per cent. to $17,500 one 
year later; 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.5707 per Single Coin 
Security. 
 
The price of the Single Coin Security has increased to $173.43. 
 
The investor sells the Single Coin Security and has gained $73.43 from an initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Scenario 2: The price of the relevant Cryptoasset decreases: 
 
1 Single Coin Security is bought from the broker at a price of $100. 
 
The price of the relevant Cryptoasset decreases by 75 per cent. to $2,500 one 
year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.2244 per Single Coin 
Security. 
 
The price of the Single Coin Security has decreased to $24.78. 
 
The investor sells the Single Coin Security and has lost $75.22 from an initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Scenario 3: The price of the relevant Cryptoasset remains the same: 
 
1 Single Coin Security is bought from the broker at a price of $100; 
 
The price of the relevant Cryptoasset remains the same one year later; 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.8975 per Single Coin 
Security; 
 
The price of the Single Coin Security has decreased to $99.10; 
 
The investor sells the Single Coin Security and has lost $0.8975 from an initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Securities comprising one or more different Cryptoassets
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show possible outcomes of an investment in 
the Index Securities. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only, and do not reflect any taxes that may be 
incurred or payable by the investor in connection with the relevant transactions. The following 
assumptions have been made: 
1. An investor invests in the Index Securities for one full calendar year. 
2. 1 Index Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
3. The relevant Index referenced by that Index Security is comprised of two Cryptoassets 
and accordingly, the Coin Entitlement for that Index Security is comprised of two 
Cryptoassets. The price of one Cryptoasset (Cryptoasset 1) when the relevant Index 
Security is bought is $10,000 and the price of the second Cryptoasset (Cryptoasset 2)
when the relevant Index Security is bought is $10,000.

--- Page 78 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
74
4. The individual coin entitlement of Cryptoasset 1 is 0.005 Cryptoasset 1 and the 
Individual Coin Entitlement of Cryptoasset 2 is 0.005 Cryptoasset 2. The Coin 
Entitlement for the relevant Index Security when it was bought was therefore 0.005 
Cryptoasset 1 and 0.005 Cryptoasset 2. 
5. The annual level of fees are 0.90 per cent. per annum, for which a dollar value has 
been given in the scenarios below. 
6. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Index Securities during the 
investment period. 
7. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment 
adviser for the sale and purchase of the Single Coin Securities and the custody fees of 
the investors bank are excluded. 
8. No Rebalancing occurs in respect of the relevant Index or the Index Security during the 
investment period. 
Scenario 1: The price of Cryptoasset 1 decreases and the price of Cryptoasset 2 
remains the same: 
 
1 Index Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The price of Cryptoasset 1 decreases by 75 per cent. to $2,500 one year later. 
 
The price of Cryptoasset 2 remains the same one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.56097 per Index 
Security. 
 
The price of the Index Security has decreased to $61.94. 
 
The investor sells the Index Security and has lost $38.06 from an initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Scenario 2: The price of Cryptoasset 1 increases and the price of Cryptoasset 2 
remains the same: 
 
1 Index Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The price of Cryptoasset 1 increases by 75 per cent. to $17,500 one year later. 
 
The price of Cryptoasset 2 remains the same one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.23412 per Index 
Security. 
 
The price of the Index Security has increased to $136.27. 
 
The investor sells the Index Security and has gained $36.27 from an initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Scenario 3: The price of each Cryptoasset remains the same: 
 
1 Index Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The price of each Cryptoasset remains the same one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.90 per Index Security. 
 
The price of the Index Security has decreased to $99.10.

--- Page 79 ---
Economic Overview of the Securities 
75
 
The investor sells the Index Security and has lost $0.90 from his/her initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
Taxation 
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities shall be made subject to any deduction 
or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge 
or withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with 
any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed by any authority of any 
jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, no additional amounts will be paid 
by the Issuer or any Agent in respect of such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 80 ---
Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant Markets 
76
OVERVIEW OF THE UNDERLYING ASSETS AND RELEVANT MARKETS 
The Underlying Asset(s) for a Series of Securities are specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Series of Securities will be linked to a particular Cryptoasset or to various Cryptoassets 
comprising an Index, as selected by the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
As such, the Securities issued under the Programme will not necessarily all be linked to the 
same Cryptoasset or Index. Securities may be linked to different types of Cryptoassets as 
described in the section above titled “Economic Overview of the Securities”.  
This section includes commentary on cryptocurrencies generally and the relevant markets for 
cryptocurrencies. As noted in the section above titled “Risk Factors”, as the protocols and rules 
governing different Cryptoassets and Indices vary, the risks associated with different 
Cryptoassets and Indices will also vary. Prospective investors in a Series of Securities should 
therefore understand the particular Cryptoasset or Index to which that Series of Securities is 
linked and the risks associated with that Cryptoasset or Index. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information 
relating to the Underlying Assets or to any particular Cryptoasset and prospective investors 
are advised to conduct their own independent investigation of the relevant Underlying Assets 
or consult with their relevant advisors as to the prospects and consequences of an investment 
in the Securities. 
The following information has been extracted from the sources identified below. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from published information, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Introduction 
Cryptocurrencies are not issued by any government, bank or central organisation in the same 
way as fiat currencies or traditional assets such as bonds or equities. Cryptocurrencies are not 
insured or subject to insurance policies and are not backed by any physical assets or credit. 
Cryptocurrencies are “decentralised” and exist on an online, peer-to-peer network that hosts a 
public record of each transaction in that cryptocurrency.  
For purposes of this section, the Issuer defines a cryptocurrency as a store of value that can 
only be transferred electronically and is cryptographically stored, verified and recorded on a 
blockchain or other form of distributed ledger.  
A Series of Securities may provide exposure to a single Cryptocurrency or, alternatively, to one 
or more Cryptocurrencies by referencing an Index, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Where a Series of Securities references an Index: 
 
the relevant Index will be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
the complete set of rules of the Index and information on the performance of the Index will 
be freely accessible on a website specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 81 ---
Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant Markets 
77
 
the governing rules of the relevant Index (including the methodology of the Index for the 
selection and the rebalancing of the components of the Index, and a description of any 
market disruption events and adjustment rules) will be based on pre-determined and 
objective criteria. 
Mining
Cryptocurrencies are secured through the use of technology called cryptography. 
Cryptography involves the encryption and decryption of information using two sets of keys 
(which are essentially unique large numbers) – a “private key” and a “public key”. The private 
key is a randomly allocated unique large number, and the public key is a unique large number 
which is calculated by solving a complex computer algorithm to the private key. Whilst the 
public key can be calculated using the private key, the private key cannot be calculated using 
the public key. 
When a cryptocurrency transaction occurs (e.g. the transfer of Bitcoin from one digital wallet 
to another digital wallet) it is electronically signed by the owner and the public key for that 
transaction is then broadcast to the users of peer-to-peer network. Network participants known 
as “miners” use cryptography to encrypt the owner of the cryptocurrency and verify if the 
transaction is valid. They do this by solving the computer algorithm and calculating the private 
key from the public key. This process is known as “mining”.  
The transaction is only deemed as valid if it is accepted by the majority of nodes on the network, 
which is achieved through solving the computer algorithm back to the earliest transaction on 
the public ledger. Only then will the transaction be verified and an additional transaction 
recorded, which adds an additional “block” to the “chain”. The public ledger of all transactions 
on the network is therefore known as the “blockchain”, as new blocks are only added where 
the transaction is solved back to the earliest “block”, creating a continuous chain which has 
been verified by the network participants.  
Once validated, the cryptocurrency is transferred to the digital wallet or address associated to 
the private key, and can only be transferred onwards using that private key. This means the 
ownership the private key controls ownership of the cryptocurrency, similar to a bearer 
instrument. The miner is rewarded with a fixed amount of a newly created cryptocurrency for 
successfully solving the computer algorithm to validate the transaction.  
Mining is known as “proof of work” and through a combination of factors (there being only one 
unique solution to the algorithm, the transaction only being validated if accepted by the majority 
of nodes, “miners” competing to solve the algorithm based on the earliest “block” and the 
addition of new “blocks” being irreversible) ensures the legitimacy of the relevant blockchain 
and the cryptocurrency to which it relates.  
Staking 
The mining process uses a large amount of computational power and energy to validate 
transactions. Some blockchains therefore rely on a process known as “staking”. Rather than 
mining, this involves participants validating transactions by “staking” existing cryptocurrencies. 
Transactions are recorded (and blocks added to the chain) based on the proportion of 
cryptocurrency “staked” by the participant relative to the total amount of cryptocurrency 
outstanding for that blockchain. This is known as “proof of stake”.

--- Page 82 ---
Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant Markets 
78
The key difference between staking and mining is that staking (proof of stake) allows 
participants to use existing cryptocurrencies to validate new transactions, whereas mining 
(proof of work) rewards participants who expend the most computational power to solve 
algorithms to validate new transactions.  
Trading venues and liquidity  
The trading of cryptocurrencies works in the same way as foreign exchange trading, whereby 
market participants can buy and sell cryptocurrencies in exchange for fiat currencies or other 
cryptocurrencies on trading venues. 
Trading of cryptocurrencies generally occurs as follows: (i) trading venues which connect 
buyers and sellers and the price is determined by transactions in the market, with transaction 
fees charged per trade; (ii) trading venues which allow direct peer-to-peer trading and allow 
buyers and sellers to set prices; and (iii) brokerages which set the price of the cryptocurrencies 
traded on their websites.  
Before buying or selling cryptocurrencies directly, each buyer and seller must obtain a digital 
“wallet” to store the cryptocurrency. The “wallet” is a software programme with a unique 
address and verification system including a linked “public key” and “private key” to facilitate 
transfer of cryptocurrencies.  
There are multiple trading venues globally which permit trading of cryptocurrencies and publish 
market prices for cryptocurrencies linked to fiat currencies such as USD, EUR or GBP as well 
as other cryptocurrencies. Many of these trade cryptocurrencies 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
week, 365 days a year. Popular cryptocurrency trading venues include Coinbase, Binance, 
Kraken, Gemini and Bitfinex.  
Information on past performance of cryptocurrencies, is available free of charge in a variety of 
places, 
including 
https://www.cmegroup.com/trading/cryptocurrency-indices/cf-bitcoin-
reference-rate.html, 
https://www.coinbase.com/price, 
https://coinmarketcap.com 
and 
https://www.cryptocompare.com.
The Issuer takes no responsibility for the content of these websites and they are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Pricing and volatility 
Cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile when compared to fiat currencies and most (if not all) 
traditional asset classes. Due to the peer-to-peer nature of cryptocurrencies and the fact they 
can be traded continuously, price is heavily influenced by supply and demand. The price of a 
cryptocurrency can increase or decrease significantly in a matter of hours or even minutes, 
often caused by short term trading. 
In the event that any Series of Securities trades at a significant premium or discount (i.e. +/- 2 
per cent. or more for seven consecutive trading days) to the expected price for such Series 
based on prevailing market prices for the specified Underlying Asset(s), the Issuer will make 
disclosure of such premium or discount on the Issuer’s Website and provide a discussion of 
the factors that are reasonably believed to have materially contributed to the premium or 
discount (as applicable).

--- Page 83 ---
Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant Markets 
79
Although the Issuer relies solely on the Coin Entitlement for purposes of the application and 
redemption process, potential investors can look to external sources for real time prices of the 
Underlying Assets. Those sources include dedicated trading venues for digital assets, such as 
those listed under the heading ‘Exchanges and liquidity’ above and more traditional indexes 
and reference prices provided by index providers such as Bloomberg Index Services, CF 
Benchmarks and FTSE Russell Indices. See the section headed “Converting the Coin 
Entitlement into an indicative market value”. The list is not exhaustive, and the Issuer takes no 
responsibility for the reliability or the accuracy of prices published by trading venues or index 
providers. 
Storage 
Cryptocurrencies are stored in digital wallets online and protected by the private key, which is 
held only by the owner of the cryptoasset. As the control of the private key dictates ownership 
of the cryptoasset, the key function of the storage arrangement is to protect the private key.  
The Issuer’s Custody Accounts can only be accessed by certain representatives of the Issuer 
who have been registered and permissioned by the Custodian and who have received a 
personal security device or act digitally in accordance with the security framework in place 
between the Custodian and the Issuer.  
All Underlying Assets will be held on a segregated basis within the Custodian’s custody 
solution, operated in a secure multi-authorisation environment, accessed via a Custodian 
portal and authorised via hardware personal security devices or digitally, subject to a bespoke 
set of rules agreed between the Custodian and the Issuer, and the Custodian’s minimum 
control standards. 
Types of cryptocurrencies and indices 
The Issuer may choose any type of cryptocurrency or index of cryptocurrencies to which 
Securities issued under the Programme may be linked (whether as Single Coin Securities or 
as Index Securities) provided that that on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Securities none of the Underlying Assets with respect to such Series of Securities 
will comprise any Prohibited Coins (noting that subsequent Tranches of Securities will be 
subject to the same restrictions as regards Prohibited Coins). Due to the open-source nature 
of blockchain technology, new cryptocurrencies are regularly launched and over time, new 
cryptocurrencies may replace those named above as the most popular and largest 
cryptocurrencies by market capitalisation. 
The Issuer will determine when issuing a new Series of Securities which cryptocurrency or 
index of cryptocurrencies that Series of Securities will be linked to. The Issuer may not change 
cryptocurrency or an index of cryptocurrencies that such Series of Securities will be linked to 
after the relevant issue date (subject to any Rebalancings under the terms of the Securities 
and unless with the prior consent of the relevant majority of Securityholders). 
Bitcoin 
Bitcoin is widely considered as the first cryptocurrency. It was created following a paper 
published in 2008 by “Satoshi Nakamoto” (a pseudonym for an individual or group of 
individuals) which described a decentralised, digital currency which allowed for peer-to-peer

--- Page 84 ---
Overview of the Underlying Assets and relevant Markets 
80
secure transfer of value without the oversight of a central authority. The first 50 Bitcoins were 
mined in January 2009 which created the “genesis block” of the Bitcoin blockchain. 
The code behind the Bitcoin blockchain is open-source, which means individuals are able to 
use its code to create a new blockchain which is originally based on the Bitcoin blockchain. 
This is known as a “fork”, as it creates a fork in the original blockchain. Since its launch, Bitcoin 
has faced pressure over its scalability, which has led to two notable forks:  
 
In 2011, Charlie Lee changed some key parameters of the Bitcoin code including an 
increase the total supply of the currency to a maximum of 84 million (increased from 21 
million for Bitcoin) and to reduce the confirmation time to 2.5 minutes. This created 
Litecoin.  
 
In 2017, a group of developers created a replica of the blockchain on which Bitcoin was 
based to resolve perceived issues with the scalability of Bitcoin. The primary change was 
to expand the block size from 1 megabyte to 8 megabytes. This created Bitcoin Cash. 
Bitcoin is established as the most widely held and biggest Cryptoasset by market capitalisation. 
The cryptocurrency of the Bitcoin blockchain is Bitcoin or BTC. 
Ethereum 
Ethereum was first conceived as a project in 2013 by developers Vitalik Buterin and Gavin 
Wood and the Ethereum blockchain was released in July 2014. 
Whereas the Bitcoin blockchain is used to record transactions in Bitcoin, the Ethereum 
blockchain enables developers to build and deploy applications that are decentralised. This 
means the applications are not controlled by an individual or company, so third parties cannot 
change the data on the application. 
Ethereum is established as the second most widely held and the second largest cryptocurrency 
by market capitalisation. The cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain is Ether or ETH.

--- Page 85 ---
Programme Structure 
81
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE 
The Programme is established on the basis of programme level documents and issue level 
documents. The programme level documents set out the master terms and conditions of the 
Securities and document the terms of the agreements on which the various parties involved in 
the Series of Securities are appointed.  
For each Series of Securities there are documents required for the issuance itself (the “Issue 
Level Documents”) which apply the master programme level documents (the “Master 
Programme Level Documents”). Certain programme level documents apply to all Series of 
Securities issued under the Programme (the “Core Programme Documents”). 
Issue Level Documents 
When the Issuer is to issue a Series of Securities, it will enter into a single “Constituting 
Document”. 
Pursuant to the Constituting Document, the Master Trust Terms (which include the terms and 
conditions applicable to each Series of Securities (the “Master Conditions”)) and the other 
Master Programme Level Documents relevant to that Series will be incorporated by reference 
and adopted for that Series, as amended and supplemented to the extent necessary to reflect 
the particular features of that Series. This means that one single document constitutes all the 
main contractual documents which are to apply to a Series of Securities. 
Master Programme Level Documents 
The Master Programme Level Documents that exist as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
set out in the diagram below: 
Master 
Definitions and 
Construction 
Terms 
Custody 
Agreement 
Administration 
and 
Determination 
Agency 
Agreement 
Registrar 
Agreement 
Core Programme 
Documents 
Constituting 
Document 
Arrangement 
Agreement 
Master Trust 
Terms (including the 
Master Conditions)

--- Page 86 ---
Programme Structure 
82
Set out below is a summary of each of the key documents and its function. 
Trust and agency documents 
Trust Deed (including the Master Conditions) 
The Master Trust Terms contain the provisions relating to the creation of security in favour of 
the Trustee and the terms of appointment of the Trustee. These terms will, together with the 
Constituting Document relating to a Series of Securities, comprise the Trust Deed for that 
Series, as amended and supplemented by the Constituting Document. The Master Trust 
Terms include the Master Conditions for any Securities issued by the Issuer (being those 
included in this Base Prospectus) and which (as amended and supplemented by the relevant 
Constituting Document) are adopted as the “Master Conditions” of the relevant Series of 
Securities pursuant to the relevant Constituting Document. 
Master Definitions and Construction Terms
The Master Definitions and Construction Terms define the terms used in the various Master 
Programme Level Documents and Issue Level Documents, and certain of the Core 
Programme Documents. 
Core Programme Documents 
The Core Programme Documents are entered into on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus and apply to all Series of Securities issued under the Programme. Set out below 
is a summary of each of the key documents and its function. 
Administration and Determination Agency Agreement 
The Administration and Determination Agency Agreement contains the terms on which (i) the 
Administrator is appointed to provide certain administration services to the Issuer in respect of 
all Series of Securities issued under the Programme and (ii) the Determination Agent is 
appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a Series of Securities, including making 
certain determinations required under the terms of all Series of Securities. 
The Administration and Determination Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations 
of the Determination Agent in relation to (i) the allocation of the Underlying Assets to the 
relevant Custodian for the relevant Series of Securities; (ii) making such non-discretionary 
calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as expressly required to be 
performed by it under the Core Programme Documents; (iii) effecting redemptions of Securities 
and/or Rebalancings; and (iv) to calculate any amount, price, rate or value or to give any notice 
relating thereto, making such calculations and delivering such notices expressly required to be 
given by it (in its capacity as Determination Agent) in accordance with the Core Programme 
Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or value required in connection therewith as soon 
as reasonably practicable or as otherwise specified in the Core Programme Documents. 
The Administration and Determination Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the 
appointment, resignation and termination of the appointment of the Administrator and the 
Determination Agent. 
Custody Agreement
The Custody Agreement contains the terms on which the on which the Custodian is appointed 
to act on behalf of the Issuer to hold the Underlying Assets in respect of each Series of 
Securities on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 87 ---
Programme Structure 
83
Registrar Agreement 
The Registrar Agreement contains the terms on which (i) the Issuing and Paying Agent will be 
appointed to provide certain services in connection with subscriptions and redemptions of the 
Securities; and (ii) the Registrar is appointed to maintain the register and records of the 
Securities and provide registrar services on behalf of the Issuer in respect of all Series of 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
Arrangement Agreement 
The arrangement agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Arranger in respect of 
the Programme contains the terms on which the Arranger agrees to provide certain 
administrative and operational services to the Issuer in respect of all Series of Securities issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 88 ---
Master Conditions 
84 
MASTER CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
In respect of a Series of Securities, such Master Conditions, subject to completion and 
amendment and as supplemented and/or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of 
the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to such Securities. 
Either (A) the full text of these Master Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part 
A of the applicable Final Terms or (B) these Master Conditions as so completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied (and in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on any Global Registered Certificate relating to a 
Registered Security. 
References in the Conditions to “Securities” are references to the Securities of one Series only, 
not to all Securities that may be issued under the Programme. References to the “Securities” 
and the “Series” shall be construed accordingly. 
1. 
Definitions and interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceptable Delivery” means: 
(A) 
in respect of Registered Securities, delivery of the certificates in respect of such 
Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer (as directed by the Issuer) 
accompanied by such duly executed instruments of transfer and accompanying 
documentation as the Issuer may specify; and 
(B) 
in respect of Uncertificated Securities, deposit of such Uncertificated Securities 
into an account at the Relevant Clearing System (as directed by the Issuer), 
together with correct delivery free of payment instructions in the Relevant 
Clearing System, 
or otherwise by delivery of such Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer in 
such manner as may be agreed with the Issuer; 
“Adjustment Event” means: 
(A) 
a Fork Event; 
(B) 
an Airdrop Event; 
(C) 
any change to the market for transacting in Underlying Assets or holding 
Underlying Assets in custody;

--- Page 89 ---
Master Conditions 
85 
(D) 
any change to the legal or regulatory status of any Underlying Asset; or 
(E) 
in relation to Index Securities only, an Index Disruption Event (other than when 
a Rebalancing Index Disruption Event occurs). 
“Administration and Determination Agency Agreement” means the administration and 
determination agency agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and 
the Administrator in relation to the Programme; 
“Administrator” means the entity specified as such in the Administration and 
Determination Agency Agreement or any successor thereto or replacement 
Administrator appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its Specified Office; 
“Admission” means the admission of the Securities to trading on a Relevant Exchange; 
“Agency Agreement” means the Administration and Determination Agency Agreement, 
the Custody Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, any Paying Agency Agreement and 
any other agreement in respect of the Securities designated as an “Additional Agency 
Agreement” in the Final Terms; 
“Agent” means the Determination Agent, the Custodian, the Paying Agent(s) and/or the 
Registrar or any of them and any other person designated as an “Additional Agent” in 
the Final Terms and, in each case, any successor or replacement agent; 
“Airdrop Event” means any event or circumstance in which any Incompatible 
Cryptoasset is allocated or distributed to holders of an Underlying Asset in addition to 
its ownership of such Underlying Asset, whether or not such allocation or distribution is 
subject to conditions; 
“Applicable Law” means any law or regulation of any jurisdiction, including but not 
limited to: 
(A) 
any statute or regulation of any jurisdiction; 
(B) 
any rule or practice of any authority by which any party is bound or with which 
it is accustomed to comply; 
(C) 
any agreement entered into by any party and any authority or between two or 
more authorities; and 
(D) 
FATCA; 
“Archax MTF” means the multilateral trading facility operated by Archax Limited (trading 
as Archax MTF); 
“Arrangement Agreement” means the arrangement agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and the Arranger in respect of the Programme; 
“Arranger” means Archax Capital Ltd or any successor thereto or replacement Arranger 
appointed by the Issuer;

--- Page 90 ---
Master Conditions 
86 
“Arranger Fee” means the fee specified as such in the Final Terms, which is payable 
by the Issuer to the Arranger in consideration for the provision of certain administrative 
and operational services to the Issuer; 
“Authorised Participant” means any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into 
an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer in relation to the Securities; 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means an agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and a person which will act as an Authorised Participant in respect of the 
Securities; 
“Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms;  
“Base Currency Equivalent” means: 
(A) 
in respect of any amount denominated in the Base Currency, such amount of 
the Base Currency; and 
(B) 
in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the Base 
Currency (the “Non-Base Currency”), an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent as being required to purchase such amount of such Non-
Base Currency with the Base Currency as at the date of calculation at the rate 
equal to the spot rate of exchange (or spot price in the case of a Cryptoasset) 
for the purchase of the Non-Base Currency with the Base Currency available to 
the Determination Agent from a foreign exchange broker (if the Non-Base 
Currency is not a Cryptoasset) or Cryptoasset broker (if the Non-Base Currency 
is a Cryptoasset) selected by the Determination Agent; 
“Base Prospectus” means the prospectus in respect of the Programme dated on or 
about 09 June 2023, as supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche; 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday) 
on which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction of business in the 
places specified as “Business Day Centres” in the Final Terms; 
“Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Security: 
(A) 
the quotient of: 
(1) 
the Base Currency Equivalent of the net proceeds actually realised from 
the sale of an amount of Underlying Assets attributable to or forming part 
of the Secured Property equal to the Coin Entitlement; and 
(2) 
the proportion that that Security bears to the total number of Securities for 
the Series; 
minus 
(B) 
the Base Currency Equivalent of that Security’s pro rata share of any related 
Redemption Deductions,

--- Page 91 ---
Master Conditions 
87 
in each case, calculated as at the relevant Settlement Date and to the Delivery 
Precision Level; 
“Cash Redemption Procedures” means the procedures for cash redemption of the 
Securities specified in Condition 11.4; 
“Certificates” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2.2(A);  
“Code” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor; 
“Coin Entitlement” means the entitlement in respect of the Series as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Coin Entitlement); 
“Coin Entitlement Precision Level” means the level specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Coin Equivalent” means: 
(A) 
in respect of any amount denominated in an Underlying Asset, such amount of 
the Underlying Asset; and 
(B) 
in respect of any amount denominated in a currency (including a Cryptoasset) 
other than an Underlying Asset (a “Non-Coin Asset”), an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent as being required to purchase such amount of such 
Non-Coin Asset with the Underlying Asset as at the date of calculation at the 
rate equal to the spot price for the purchase of the Non-Coin Asset with the 
Underlying Asset available to the Determination Agent from a Cryptoasset 
broker selected by the Determination Agent; 
“Compulsory Redemption” means any redemption of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption); 
“Compulsory Redemption Event” means any event which may lead to redemption of 
the Securities as set out in Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption); 
“Compulsory Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 10.6 
(Notice of Compulsory Redemption Event); 
“Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” means the Payment Business Day 
following the Instruction Date, or such other date as the Issuer may determine (acting 
reasonably) to facilitate an orderly redemption; 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Securities, comprising the Master 
Conditions, as completed and, if applicable, amended and/or supplemented and/or 
varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the Final Terms; 
“Constituting Document” means the document which is executed by the Issuer and the 
Trustee, amongst others, to, amongst other things, constitute the Securities;

--- Page 92 ---
Master Conditions 
88 
“CREST” means the system for paperless settlement of trades and the holding of 
uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited in accordance with 
the Uncertificated Regulations; 
“Crypto Trading Disruption” means the occurrence of any event described in Condition 
13.3(A); 
“Cryptoasset” means money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual rights 
that can only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed Ledger; 
“Currency Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the Base 
Currency or, if the Base Currency is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Custodian” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor 
thereto or replacement Custodian appointed by the Issuer, which shall be an Eligible 
Custodian, in each case at its Specified Office; 
“Custody Agreement” means the custody agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Custodian and the Arranger; 
“Delivery Precision Level” means the level specified in the Final Terms; 
“Determination Agent” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms or any 
successor thereto or replacement Determination Agent appointed by the Issuer, in each 
case at its Specified Office; 
“Digital Wallet” means the digital wallet of the Securityholder or the Authorised 
Participant (as applicable) in the name of the Securityholder or the Authorised 
Participant (as applicable) which will be used to send or receive Underlying Assets; 
“Distributed Ledger” means a single, sequenced, standardised and cryptographically 
secured record of activity to be shared among and acted upon by multiple participants; 
“Electronic Consent” means, where the Securities are held by or on behalf of a Relevant 
Clearing System, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the Relevant Clearing System(s) in accordance with its 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding; 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any reputable bank or financial services 
institution experienced in dealing in or brokering transactions in Cryptoassets or assets 
that are similar to Cryptoassets and which is authorised under Applicable Law to carry 
out such activity in: 
(A) 
the European Union; 
(B) 
Jersey;

--- Page 93 ---
Master Conditions 
89 
(C) 
the United Kingdom; and/or 
(D) 
any other jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting 
higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business 
published by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time; 
“Eligible Custodian” means any reputable entity experienced in holding assets that are 
similar to the Underlying Assets as custodian and which is authorised under Applicable 
Law to carry out such activity in: 
(A) 
the European Union; 
(B) 
Jersey; 
(C) 
the United Kingdom; and/or 
(D) 
any other jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting 
higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business 
published by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time; 
“Eligible Underlying Assets” means cryptoassets that are among the top fifty 
cryptoassets as measured by market capitalisation (as determined in accordance with 
the approach specified in the section entitled “Economic Overview of the Securities – 
Eligible Underlying Assets” of the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities); 
“English Proceedings” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 29.2 
(Jurisdiction); 
“English Secured Property” means all Secured Property subject to the English 
Transaction Security; 
“English Transaction Security” means all Transaction Security located in England 
and/or governed by English law; 
“ERISA” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor; 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 16.1 (Events of 
Default); 
“Execution Fee” means a sum that may be charged by the Issuer reflecting the costs, 
expenses or fees actually incurred by the Issuer in connection with a sale or the transfer 
of the Underlying Assets, which may include, without limitation: 
(A) 
the costs of enquiries under Condition 15 (Enquiries as to status of 
Securityholders); 
(B) 
the cost of giving notices under Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption);

--- Page 94 ---
Master Conditions 
90 
(C) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer, the Custodian(s) or any of the Issuer’s agents 
as part of a sale or purchase of Underlying Assets; 
(D) 
any banking fees or costs incurred as part of transfer of cash or Underlying 
Assets accounts of the Issuer and/or any Securityholder; 
(E) 
costs incurred as part of currency conversions which may be necessary to 
facilitate redemption; 
(F) 
any fees, costs and expenses incurred as part of transfer of Underlying Assets 
from one Digital Wallet to another Digital Wallet; 
(G) 
any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing its 
security and taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the 
transfer of Underlying Assets; 
(H) 
any costs determined by the Determination Agent to be part of Execution Fees; 
(I) 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future Taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof having 
power to tax;  
(J) 
any amounts that the Issuer may incur in connection with Condition 22.3 
(Staking); 
(K) 
any Redemption Fee payable by a Securityholder; and 
(L) 
such other amounts as may be notified to Securityholders; 
“Exempt Securities” means Securities for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
identified in the Final Terms; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution of Securityholders passed (i) at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) by a Written Resolution, or (iii) by Electronic 
Consent; 
“FATCA” means: 
(A) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; 
(B) 
any similar or successor legislation to that described in (A); 
(C) 
any agreement described in section 1471(b) of the Code; 
(D) 
any regulations or guidance pursuant to any of the foregoing;

--- Page 95 ---
Master Conditions 
91 
(E) 
any intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the implementation of any of the 
foregoing (an “IGA”); 
(F) 
any law implementing an IGA; or 
(G) 
any official interpretations of any of the foregoing; 
“Final Terms” means the final terms completed by the Issuer in respect of the Series of 
Securities; 
“Fork Event” means the splitting of the code base underlying the Distributed Ledger 
applicable to an Underlying Asset, potentially creating two or more Distributed Ledgers 
which may or may not be compatible with each other, one in respect of the Underlying 
Asset and one or more in respect of an Incompatible Cryptoasset; 
“Global Registered Certificate” means, in respect of Registered Securities, a certificate 
in permanent global form representing some or all of the Securities of the Series, 
substantially in the form set out in the Master Trust Terms; 
“Incompatible Cryptoasset” means a Cryptoasset created pursuant to a Fork Event 
and/or made available pursuant to an Airdrop Event which is not identifiable as the 
Underlying Asset in respect of the Securities; 
“Index” means, if the Securities are Index Securities, the index to which the Securities 
are linked, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Index Cancellation” means, in respect of the Index (if applicable), the Index Sponsor 
in respect of the Index permanently cancels the Index; 
“Index Disruption” means, in respect of the Index (if applicable), on any Valuation Date, 
the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index; 
“Index Disruption Event” means an Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or Index 
Modification; 
“Index Modification” means, in respect of an Index (if applicable), that the Index 
Sponsor announces that it shall make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other routine 
events); 
The Securities will be “Index Securities” if they are linked to an index and in respect of 
which “Index Security” is specified to be “Applicable” in the Final Terms; 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of the Index (if applicable), the Index Sponsor 
specified as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 96 ---
Master Conditions 
92 
“Individual Coin Entitlement” means as at any date and in relation to a Cryptoasset 
forming part of the Secured Property, the amount(s) of such Cryptoasset as determined 
in accordance with Condition 5 (Coin Entitlement); 
“Initial Coin Entitlement” means the Coin Entitlement on the Issue Date, as specified in 
the Final Terms; 
“Instruction Date” means: 
(A) 
in the case of Optional Redemption, the date on which the Issuer has received 
both (i) a valid Redemption Order and (ii) confirmation that Acceptable Delivery 
in respect of the relevant Securities has been effected by the relevant 
Securityholder; 
(B) 
in the case of Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Termination 
by the Issuer), the second Valuation Date following the Final Trading Date; 
(C) 
in the case of Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Conditions 10.2 (Issuer 
Insolvency Event), 10.3 (Cause), 10.4 (Illegality or impossibility) or 10.5 (Event 
of Default), the date of the Compulsory Redemption Notice; or 
(D) 
such other date as may otherwise be determined by the Issuer to facilitate an 
orderly redemption; 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Issuer” means Archax Capital Issuer Limited incorporated and registered in Jersey 
under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with registered number 
146155; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(A) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) 
makes a general assignment, scheme, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, including, without limitation, a compromise or 
arrangement of the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991; 
(D) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy (for the purposes of this definition, including (without 
limitation) “bankruptcy” as defined under Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) 
Law 1954) or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an

--- Page 97 ---
Master Conditions 
93 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; 
(E) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), including, 
without limitation, any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991; 
(F) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(G) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; 
(H) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the Applicable 
Laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive); or 
(I) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; 
“Issuer Technical Amendment” means any amendment, variation or modification to the 
Conditions, any Trust Deed and/or any Transaction Document which is made: 
(A) 
in connection with (i) the appointment of an Authorised Participant and/or (ii) the 
entry into an Authorised Participant Agreement and/or (iii) any change to the 
terms of an Authorised Participant Agreement which is necessary or desirable 
in the opinion of the Issuer; 
(B) 
in connection with (i) the appointment of a Custodian, Administrator or other 
Agent and/or (ii) the entry into a Custody Agreement or Additional Agency 
Agreement and/or (iii) any change to the terms of an Agency Agreement which 
is necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer; 
(C) 
in connection with any change in the fees or costs payable to any Transaction 
Party by a party other than the Issuer;  
(D) 
to comply or align with rules, regulations or procedures of any stock exchange, 
settlement system, Authorised Participant or Custodian where such compliance 
or alignment is mandatory or is for the benefit of the Securityholders;  
(E) 
as a consequence of an Index Disruption Event; or 
(F) 
to provide for any actual or reasonably anticipated consequence of an 
Adjustment Event;

--- Page 98 ---
Master Conditions 
94 
“Issuer’s Website” means www.archax.capital, or any successor or alternative website 
notified to Securityholders; 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means the entity specified as such in the Registrar 
Agreement or any successor thereto or replacement Issuing and Paying Agent 
appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its Specified Office; 
“Listing” means the listing of the Securities on a Relevant Exchange (including, in the 
case of the SIX Swiss Exchange, provisional admission to trading) becoming effective; 
“Master Conditions” means these Master Conditions; 
“Master Definitions and Construction Terms” means the Master Definitions and 
Construction Terms (June 2023 Edition, or such other edition as specified in the 
Constituting Document); 
“Master Trust Terms” means the Master Trust Terms (June 2023 Edition, or such other 
edition as specified in the Constituting Document); 
“Non-Base Currency” has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (B) of the 
definition of “Base Currency Equivalent”; 
“Non-Coin Asset” has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (B) of the definition 
of “Coin Equivalent”; 
“Non-Disrupted Day” means each day that is a Business Day or Payment Business 
Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which falls within a Suspension Period; 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
“Optional Redemption” means any redemption of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Optional Redemption); 
“Optional Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 9.4 
(Redemption Obligations); 
“Optional Redemption Settlement Date” means: 
(A) 
in the case of physical redemption, the second Valuation Date following the 
Optional Redemption Notice provided that, if the Issuer determines (acting 
reasonably) that the Underlying Asset will not be deposited in the Relevant 
Account on such date, such later date which is a Valuation Date as the Issuer 
may determine; 
(B) 
in the case of cash redemption, the second Payment Business Day following 
the date on which the Issuer has received in full cleared funds the proceeds of 
sale of the relevant Underlying Asset in respect of the Securities;

--- Page 99 ---
Master Conditions 
95 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Securities, on the Issue Date any such Securities 
issued on such date and, on any Valuation Date thereafter, all Securities issued on or 
prior to such Valuation Date except Securities: 
(A) 
that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions; 
(B) 
that have been cancelled for any reason; 
(C) 
in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption 
moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee, the Registrar or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and which remain available for payment in accordance with the 
Conditions; 
(D) 
that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; 
(E) 
which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised 
Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not 
paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the Authorised Participant 
Agreement; and 
(F) 
that have been purchased, settled and cancelled, 
provided that for the purposes of: 
(1) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the 
Securityholders or to participate in any Written Resolution or Electronic 
Consent; 
(2) 
the determination of how many Securities are outstanding for the 
purposes of Conditions 7 (Security), 16 (Events of Default) and 21 
(Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and 
Schedule 5 (Meetings of Securityholders) of the Master Trust Terms, as 
contained in the Trust Deed; and 
(3) 
the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is 
required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the Securityholders, 
those Securities (if any) that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be 
deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, Securities (if 
any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to issue but 
in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription amount has not been 
received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to 
such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be 
deemed to be “outstanding” on such Valuation Date; 
“Paying Agency Agreement” means any agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent (other than the Issuing and Paying Agent) specified in the Final 
Terms;

--- Page 100 ---
Master Conditions 
96 
“Paying Agent(s)” means the Issuing and Paying Agent and any entity or entities 
specified as an Additional Paying Agent in the Final Terms or any successor thereto or 
replacement Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its Specified Office; 
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a Business Day, a Currency Business 
Day and a Relevant Clearing System Business Day; 
“Physical Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Security: 
(A) 
the Coin Entitlement for the Security; minus
(B) 
the Coin Equivalent of that Security’s pro rata share of any related Redemption 
Deductions, 
in each case, calculated at the Settlement Date and to the Delivery Precision Level; 
“Physical Redemption Procedures” means the procedures for physical redemption of 
the Securities as specified in Condition 11.3; 
“Plans” has the meaning given to that term under the definition of Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor; 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving 
of notice, lapse of time, issue of a certificate and/or the fulfilment of any other 
requirement become an Event of Default; 
“Principal Amount” means the amount specified in the Final Terms; 
“Proceedings” means English Proceedings; 
“Programme” means the Issuer’s programme for the issuance of exchange traded 
products linked to cryptoassets; 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the 
meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which 
section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any 
of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 
3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such 
entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or 
local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or 
with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
“Prohibited Coin” means any Cryptoasset(s) which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, falls within any of the following categories, in each case as determined by the 
Issuer on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Securities:

--- Page 101 ---
Master Conditions 
97 
(A) 
any stable coin (including asset-referenced tokens and electronic money 
tokens) where the relevant protocols and rules governing such stable coin do 
not provide for prudent collateralisation requirements; 
(B) 
any Cryptoasset which rules and protocols hide or obscure transactions on its 
blockchain by way of anonymising the origin and destination of transacted coins 
or tokens, the amount transacted and/or balances of wallet addresses; and/or 
(C) 
any Cryptoasset which is regarded as a "meme coin", and which has all of the 
following characteristics: (i) such Cryptoasset being considered by the broad 
investment community to be a "meme coin"; (ii) being associated with comical 
or animated memes; and (iii) having no intrinsic utility or functionality. 
“Prohibited Securityholder” means a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Restricted 
Securityholder; 
“Rebalancing” means an adjustment to the Coin Entitlement, in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Rebalancing of Index Securities); 
“Rebalancing Date” means: 
(A) 
in respect of a Required Rebalancing, the date(s) on which the Index rebalances 
in accordance with its methodology or, if such date(s) are not Valuation Date(s), 
the following Valuation Date(s); and 
(B) 
in respect of a Voluntary Rebalancing, the date(s) so notified to Securityholders 
by the Issuer, 
and the period during which such Rebalancing takes place, being the “Rebalancing 
Period”; 
“Rebalancing Index Disruption Event” means the occurrence of an Index Disruption 
Event that the Issuer or the Determination Agent on its behalf determines necessitates 
an adjustment to the Coin Entitlement pursuant to a Voluntary Rebalancing in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Rebalancing of Index Securities); 
“Redemption Amount” means the Physical Redemption Amount or the Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable; 
“Redemption Deductions” means the Execution Fee and/or any other applicable fees 
in connection with the redemption of the Securities in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee notified by the Issuer to a Securityholder on receipt 
of a valid Redemption Order by a Securityholder in connection with a request for 
redemption of Securities by that Securityholder following an announcement by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.8(A)(1); 
“Redemption Notice” means an Optional Redemption Notice, a Compulsory 
Redemption Notice or an Event of Default Redemption Notice, as applicable;

--- Page 102 ---
Master Conditions 
98 
“Redemption Order” means an order in the applicable form prescribed from time to time 
by the Issuer for requesting redemption of Securities, which may include a Redemption 
Order generated automatically through the system for requesting redemptions;  
“Redemption Suspension Event” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 13.1; 
“Register” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2.4; 
“Registered Securities” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2.1(A); 
“Registrar” means the entity specified as such in the Registrar Agreement or any 
successor thereto or replacement Registrar appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its 
Specified Office; 
“Registrar Agreement” means the registrar agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Registrar and the Issuing and Paying Agent; 
“Relevant Account” means (in respect of redemption in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures) a Digital Wallet and (in respect of redemption in accordance 
with the Cash Redemption Procedures) an account in the currency of the Base 
Currency;  
“Relevant Clearing System” means: 
(A) 
CREST; 
(B) 
Euroclear; 
(C) 
Clearstream, Frankfurt; 
(D) 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(E) 
any other recognised clearing system in which Securities may be cleared; 
“Relevant Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which the Relevant Clearing 
System is open for the purpose of effecting settlement of the Securities; 
“Relevant Exchange” means the SIX Swiss Exchange, Xetra, Archax MTF and/or any 
other stock exchange on which the Securities may be listed and/or admitted to trading, 
as specified in the Final Terms;  
“Required Rebalancing” shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(B); 
“Restricted Party” means any person, entity or government instrumentality that is, or is 
owned or controlled (as such terms are interpreted in accordance with applicable 
Sanctions laws and regulations) by one or more persons, entities or government 
instrumentalities that is: 
(A) 
publicly designated by a Sanctioning Authority to be the target of Sanctions;

--- Page 103 ---
Master Conditions 
99 
(B) 
a citizen of, located or resident in or incorporated or organised under the laws 
of a Sanctioned Country; or 
(C) 
otherwise the target of Sanctions; 
“Restricted Securityholder” means any Securityholder that, through its holding of the 
Securities, is, in the opinion of the Issuer, in breach of or subject to sanction under any 
Applicable Law, identified as a Restricted Party or would risk exposing the Issuer or 
any Transaction Party to a breach of or sanction under any Applicable Law; 
“Sanctioned Country” means a country or territory which is the subject of any country-
wide Sanctions; 
“Sanctioning Authority” means: 
(A) 
the U.S. government or any U.S. agency or official institution thereof (including 
OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce and 
the U.S. Department of the Treasury);
(B) 
the United Nations Security Council; 
(C) 
the E.U. or any of the governments of its member states or any agency or official 
institution thereof; or 
(D) 
the U.K. government (including, without limitation, any of His Majesty’s 
Treasury, the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office and the 
Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy) or any agency or official 
institution thereof; and 
(E) 
any other authority that that is reasonably determined to be relevant for a Series; 
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or other 
similar restrictive measures imposed, enacted, administered or enforced from time to 
time by a Sanctioning Authority; 
“Secured Accounts Disruption” means the occurrence of any event described in 
Condition 13.3(C); 
“Secured Creditors” means the Trustee, the Custodian and the Securityholders, to the 
extent entitled to the benefit of the Secured Obligations; 
“Secured Obligations” means the payment and delivery obligations of the Issuer to the 
Trustee and the other Secured Creditors under the Transaction Documents and each 
Security; 
“Secured Property” means the assets subject to the Transaction Security; 
“Securities” means the non-interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt 
obligations of the Issuer constituted by the Trust Deed;

--- Page 104 ---
Master Conditions 
100 
“Securityholder” means the person in whose name a Registered Security or 
Uncertificated Security is registered (as the case may be); 
“Security Document” means any security document relating to the Securities pursuant 
to which the Transaction Security in respect of the Secured Property is created or 
perfected, and any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the Trustee, 
as such document may be amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time 
to time; 
“Series” means the series of Securities issued by the Issuer and identified in the Final 
Terms, comprised of one Tranche or of multiple Tranches, where each subsequent 
Tranche is expressed to form a single Series with each earlier Tranche; 
“Service Provider Disruption” means the occurrence of any event described in 
Condition 13.3(B); 
“Settlement Date” means the Optional Redemption Settlement Date or the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date (as applicable); 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the amount or amounts specified in the Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to a party, the office identified with its name in the 
Final Terms and/or the office identified with its name in the Constituting Document or 
any other office notified to Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
“Substituted Issuer” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21.4(A); 
“Suspended Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.5(B); 
“Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.5(B); 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
“Tax” means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding 
of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed by any authority of any 
jurisdiction; 
“Tax Deduction” means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax; 
“Tranche” means a tranche of Securities which form part of the same Series as 
Securities comprised in another Tranche;

--- Page 105 ---
Master Conditions 
101 
“Transaction Document” means each of the Security Document(s), each Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement, each Authorised Participant Agreement, the 
Constituting Document and any other agreement specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Transaction Party” means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer 
and any other person specified as a Transaction Party under the heading “Transaction 
Parties” in the Final Terms; 
“Transaction Security” means: 
(A) 
a first fixed charge over the Underlying Assets and all property, income, sums 
and assets derived therefrom from time to time; 
(B) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest 
attaching to or in respect of the Underlying Assets and all property, income, 
sums or other assets derived therefrom, including, without limitation, any right 
to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof which 
arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or 
through a financial intermediary; 
(C) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under 
the Custody Agreement; 
(D) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer’s interest in any bank accounts (present and 
future) opened in respect of the Series (each, an “Additional Account”) 
maintained with any account bank or custodian and any sums relating to the 
Series standing to the credit of each such Additional Account from time to time; 
(E) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under 
any agreement (present or future) with any account bank or custodian in respect 
of any Additional Accounts; 
(F) 
a first fixed charge over all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar 
(as applicable) and/or the Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any 
Secured Obligation; and 
(G) 
any other security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security 
Document for such Series, 
and, in each case, the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, 
income, rights and/or agreements of the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital) 
from time to time charged or assigned or otherwise made subject to the security created 
by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case 
may be, in each case securing the Secured Obligations and includes, where the context 
permits, any part of that Transaction Security; 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or such other entity 
named in the Constituting Document as trustee, but which definition shall include all 
persons for the time being acting as the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed;

--- Page 106 ---
Master Conditions 
102 
“Trust Deed” means the trust deed constituted by the Constituting Document between 
the Issuer and the Trustee as trustee for the Securityholders in the form of the Master 
Trust Terms, as amended by the Constituting Document; 
“Uncertificated Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) 
Order 1999, as amended; 
“Uncertificated Securities” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2.1(A); 
“Underlying Assets” means the Cryptoasset or Cryptoassets specified as such in the 
Final Terms;  
“Valuation Date” means a day which is a (A) Business Day; (B) Relevant Clearing 
System Business Day; and (C) day on which the relevant Custodian is open for dealings 
in the Underlying Assets, or any other day which may be designated as such by the 
Issuer, as published on the Issuer’s Website; 
“Voluntary Rebalancing” shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(B); 
“Weight Adjustment Factor” means, in respect of a relevant day, an amount determined 
by the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Individual Coin Entitlement 
for a Cryptoasset comprised in the Underlying Assets to reflect the quantities of such 
Cryptoasset held in respect of the Securities following a Rebalancing (as described in 
Condition 6 (Rebalancing of Index Securities)) (which includes execution costs, 
slippage and other costs involved in the Rebalancing), which shall be zero on any day 
other than a Rebalancing Date. The Weight Adjustment Factor for any other Series of 
Securities that is not an Index Security shall be zero. 
“Weights” means, for a Required Rebalancing or Voluntary Rebalancing, the effective 
percentage weights of the Cryptoassets in the Index derived by the Determination 
Agent for the purposes of that Required Rebalancing or Voluntary Rebalancing;  
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Securities of the relevant 
Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed; and 
“Xetra” means Deutsche Börse Xetra. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
To the extent of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Trust Deed, these 
Master Conditions and/or the Final Terms, the document ranking the highest in the 
following order of priority shall prevail: 
(A) 
the Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(C) 
these Master Conditions.

--- Page 107 ---
Master Conditions 
103 
In addition and in respect of any notice to be given hereunder: 
(D) 
“notice”, “notified” or “notification” means any notice given in accordance with 
Condition 27 (Notices); 
2. 
Form and title 
2.1 
Form 
(A) 
The Securities are issued in either registered form (“Registered Securities”) or 
in dematerialised uncertificated form (“Uncertificated Securities”), as specified 
in the Final Terms, in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) and the Base 
Currency specified in the Final Terms. 
(B) 
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of the Securities is: 
(1) 
“Registered”, such Securities are Registered Securities; or 
(2) 
“Uncertificated”, such Securities are Uncertificated Securities.  
(C) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the Securities of a 
particular Series will be the same. 
2.2 
Registered Securities 
(A) 
Registered Securities may, as stated in the Final Terms, initially be represented 
by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 3 
(Exchange and transfer), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of 
Registered Securities by the same holder, or may initially be represented by one 
or more Global Registered Certificates. 
(B) 
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Series to be issued in global 
form, as stated in the Final Terms, the Global Registered Certificate in respect 
of such Registered Securities will be registered in the name of a nominee for, 
and shall be deposited on its issue date with a common depositary on behalf of, 
the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
(C) 
All Registered Securities shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
2.3 
Uncertificated Securities 
(A) 
Uncertificated Securities shall be held in uncertificated registered form in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and as such are dematerialised 
and not constituted by any physical document of title. 
(B) 
Uncertificated Securities shall be cleared through a Relevant Clearing System 
and are participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated 
Regulations.

--- Page 108 ---
Master Conditions 
104 
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for so long as the 
Uncertificated Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Uncertificated Regulations: 
(1) 
the Register shall be maintained in Jersey and at all times outside the 
United Kingdom; 
(2) 
the Uncertificated Securities shall be issued in uncertificated form in 
accordance with, and subject to, the Uncertificated Regulations; and 
(3) 
the Conditions in respect of the Uncertificated Securities shall at all times 
be applicable to the Securities notwithstanding that the Conditions are not 
endorsed on any certificate or document of title. 
2.4 
Title 
Title to Registered Securities and Uncertificated Securities shall pass by registration in 
the register that the Issuer shall procure will be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Registrar Agreement (the “Register”). A copy of the Register 
will, upon written request from the Issuer, and promptly upon any changes made 
thereto, be sent by the Registrar to the Issuer, with the information contained in such 
copy to be transcribed in a register held by the Issuer at its registered office to enable 
the Issuer to keep the register held at its registered office up-to-date, complete and 
correct.  
3. 
Exchange and transfer 
3.1 
Transfer of beneficial interests in Registered Securities represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate 
Beneficial interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the 
Relevant Clearing System(s). 
3.2 
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Securities to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed 
by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Issuing 
and Paying Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Securities represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall 
be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. The regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Securities may be 
changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent to any holder of Registered Securities upon request.

--- Page 109 ---
Master Conditions 
105 
3.3 
Exercise of options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s or a Securityholder’s option in respect of, or 
a redemption of a part of, a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single 
Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder in respect of the balance of 
the holding not subject to the exercise of such option or, as the case may be, redeemed. 
New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
3.4 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to this Condition 3 will be available for 
delivery within five business days of surrender of the relevant Certificate and, if 
applicable, receipt of the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or notice of 
exercise together with such other evidence (if any) as may be required pursuant to the 
relevant Condition. Delivery of new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent to whom surrender of such Certificate and, if 
applicable, delivery of such request, form of transfer or notice of exercise shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, notice 
of exercise or otherwise in writing, shall be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified. In this Condition 3.4 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open for business in the place of the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
3.5 
Exchange and transfer free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Securities in accordance with this Condition 3 shall be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
but upon payment by the relevant Securityholder (or the giving by the relevant 
Securityholder of such indemnity as the Issuing and Paying Agent may require in 
respect thereof) of any Tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation to it. 
3.6 
Closed periods 
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered: 
(A) 
during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the Settlement Date for that 
Security; 
(B) 
after a Redemption Notice in respect of such Series of Securities has been 
delivered; or 
(C) 
during the period of seven calendar days ending on (and including) the Relevant 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment on 
such Security.

--- Page 110 ---
Master Conditions 
106 
3.7 
Exchange of Uncertificated Securities 
(A) 
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Securities must be effected through 
an account with CREST. All transfers of Uncertificated Securities shall be 
subject to and made in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the 
rules, procedures and practices in effect of the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the Relevant Clearing System. The Uncertificated Regulations and such rules, 
procedures and practices may change from time to time. No provision of the 
Conditions shall (notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply or have 
effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with the holding or 
transfer of title to Uncertificated Securities or the Uncertificated Regulations. 
(B) 
If at any time Securities cease to be, or notice is received by or on behalf of the 
Issuer that the Securities will cease to be, held in uncertificated form and/or 
accepted for clearance through CREST and/or CREST is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or CREST announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so, the Registrar, the Paying Agent(s) and other 
relevant Transaction Parties shall agree such procedures as they determine 
necessary in relation to the transfer of such Securities and shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable give notice thereof to the Securityholders. 
(C) 
Condition 3.7(B) applies equally to a Securityholder that ceases to be a 
Relevant Clearing System member, but for such purposes only the affected 
Securityholder will need to be notified of the procedures adopted. 
(D) 
If the rules and procedures of the Registrar (and/or, for so long as the 
Uncertificated Securities are held in CREST, the rules and procedures of 
CREST) include any closed period in which no Securityholder may require the 
transfer of a Security to be registered in the Register, such closed periods shall 
apply to Uncertificated Securities. Details of any such closed period are 
available from the Registrar. 
4. 
Constitution and Status 
The Securities are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Securities are non-
interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt obligations of the Issuer, at 
all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
secured in the manner described in Condition 7 (Security) and recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Conditions 17 (Application of Proceeds) and 
18 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). 
5. 
Coin Entitlement 
(A) 
The Series shall have a Coin Entitlement per Security, determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (subject as may be adjusted in accordance 
with these Master Conditions). 
(B) 
On the Issue Date, the Initial Coin Entitlement for the Series (specified as an 
amount per Security) will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
Master Conditions 
107 
(C) 
On any day following the Issue Date, the Coin Entitlement shall be calculated 
to the Coin Entitlement Precision Level in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑡) = Σ 𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)
where: 
 i
denotes the Security; and 
t
denotes the applicable day (with t-1 denoting the previous day); and 
ICE(i,j,t) 
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for each Cryptoasset comprised in the 
Underlying Assets on day t.
(D) 
On any day following the Issue Date, the Individual Coin Entitlement for each 
Cryptoasset comprised in the Underlying Assets will be calculated to the 
applicable Coin Entitlement Precision Level in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡)  = 𝐼𝐶𝐸(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡−1) 𝑥 (1 −𝐴𝐹(𝑖,𝑡)) 1/𝑁 + 𝑊𝐴(𝑖,𝑗,𝑡−1)
where: 
i
denotes the Security; 
j 
denotes one of the Cryptoassets comprised in the Underlying Assets on 
day t; 
t
denotes the applicable day (with t-1 denoting the previous day); 
ICE(i,j,t)
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for Cryptoasset j on day t;
ICE(i,j,t-1)
is the Individual Coin Entitlement for Cryptoasset j on the day preceding 
day t;
AF(i,t)
means the per annum Arranger Fee applicable to the Series on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (for example, an annual fee of 90 basis points 
per annum is expressed as 0.0090); and 
N
means the number of days in the calendar year, being 365 or 366; 
WA(i,j,t-1)
is WA(i,j,t) on the day preceding day t; and 
WA(i,j,t)  
is the Weight Adjustment Factor applicable for Cryptoasset j on day t 
(which shall be zero in respect of Securities that are not Index Securities 
and, in respect of any Index Securities, on any day that is not a  
Rebalancing Date). 
(E) 
On each Business Day, the Coin Entitlement for each Series of Securities will 
be published on the Issuer’s Website.

--- Page 112 ---
Master Conditions 
108 
(F) 
The Issuer may, with the agreement of the Arranger, vary the Arranger Fee. The 
Issuer will notify the Securityholders of any such variation and the varied 
Arranger Fee will not take effect for a period of five Business Days from the date 
of such notice. The Issuer and the Arranger shall agree the procedure for paying 
or transferring of the Arranger Fee from the Issuer to the Arranger. 
(G) 
Each Security has a Principal Amount specified in the Final Terms and, subject 
to the terms of the Securities and subject always to Condition 18, a 
Securityholder may elect to receive on redemption an amount in the Base 
Currency equal to the Principal Amount less their pro rata share of any 
Redemption Deductions, in lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 
11. The Issuer acknowledges in the applicable Trust Deed its indebtedness in 
respect of the aggregate Principal Amount. 
6. 
Rebalancing of Index Securities 
(A) 
In respect of Index Securities only, the Coin Entitlement shall be adjusted as 
provided in this Condition 6 (a “Rebalancing”). 
(B) 
A Rebalancing will take place whenever the Index is rebalanced in accordance 
with its methodology (a “Required Rebalancing”), and may, at the election of the 
Issuer, take place on other occasions if the Determination Agent determines 
that a Rebalancing is desirable to help reduce tracking error with the Index or 
following the occurrence of a Rebalancing Index Disruption Event (a “Voluntary 
Rebalancing”). 
(C) 
The Issuer shall provide holders of Index Securities with notice of a Voluntary 
Rebalancing or a Required Rebalancing not less than 5 Business Days prior to 
the expected Rebalancing Date of such Rebalancing. 
(D) 
The Issuer shall on the Rebalancing Date(s) instruct the Determination Agent 
to use reasonable endeavours to carry out such trading activities as are 
necessary to match (to the extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the 
Cryptoasset held in respect of the relevant Security to the Weights, which may 
include the addition of a new type of Cryptoasset subject to that Cryptoasset 
being accepted by a Custodian for custody under the relevant Custody 
Agreement. 
(E) 
The Issuer shall accordingly adjust the Coin Entitlement of a Series of Index 
Securities in existence to correspond, to the extent possible, to the number, 
quantity and type of Cryptoassets held in respect of such Series of Index 
Securities immediately following the Rebalancing by applying the Weight 
Adjustment Factor. If, for whatever reason, the Determination Agent is unable 
to calculate the Weight Adjustment Factor, such as in circumstances where the 
trading activities referenced in Condition 6(D) have not completed or settled in 
full, then the calculation of the Coin Entitlement may be postponed until the 
Weight Adjustment Factor is able to be calculated by the Determination Agent. 
(F) 
No money shall be payable by the Issuer to the Securityholders, or by the 
Securityholders to the Issuer, in respect of a Rebalancing.

--- Page 113 ---
Master Conditions 
109 
(G) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, the Issuer shall 
not, unless the Securities are Exempt Securities, instruct the Determination 
Agent to acquire any Cryptoassets in connection with a Rebalancing unless they 
are Eligible Underlying Assets. If an Index is rebalanced so that it is comprised 
of one or more Cryptoassets which are not Eligible Underlying Assets, the 
Issuer shall instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable endeavours to 
carry out such trading activities as the Issuer determines appropriate to match 
(to the extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the Cryptoasset held in 
respect of the relevant Security to the Weights, determined as if the Index 
comprised only those Cryptoassets that are Eligible Underlying Assets, which 
may include the addition of a new type of Cryptoasset subject to that 
Cryptoasset being accepted by a Custodian for custody under the relevant 
Custody Agreement. 
7. 
Security 
7.1 
Transaction Security 
(A) 
The Trust Deed provides that the Secured Obligations are secured in favour of 
the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors, unless 
otherwise provided therein, by the Transaction Security. 
(B) 
If the Custodian is replaced or an additional Custodian is appointed in 
accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement, then the security interests 
described above shall extend to all rights, title and interest of the Issuer against 
such replacement or additional Custodian under the Custody Agreement. 
(C) 
The Constituting Document may provide that different security arrangements 
apply to the Securities and/or that Secured Obligations of the Issuer may be 
secured pursuant to a Security Document other than the Trust Deed. 
(D) 
As further provided in the Trust Deed, the Transaction Security shall be released 
automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities, to the extent 
required for the Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in 
respect of the Securities and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due 
and payable or deliverable, or as otherwise provided for under the Conditions 
or the Transaction Documents in respect of the Securities. 
7.2 
Enforcement of security 
The Transaction Security in respect of the Securities shall become enforceable upon 
the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Event of Default. 
7.3 
Realisation of Transaction Security 
(A) 
At any time after the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee 
may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least 25 
per cent. in number of the Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee) of the

--- Page 114 ---
Master Conditions 
110 
Securityholders, in each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, enforce the Transaction Security. 
(B) 
To do this, the Trustee may, at its discretion: 
(1) 
enforce and/or terminate any Transaction Document to the extent related 
to the Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action 
against the relevant Transaction Party; and/or 
(2) 
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured Property and 
in its discretion, sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of 
such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks 
fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action 
and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual 
Securityholders. 
(C) 
If the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, in writing, 
appoint a receiver or receivers over all or part of the English Secured Property, 
and may remove any such receiver so appointed and appoint another in its 
place. No delay or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice 
their future exercise. 
(D) 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of 
the Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any assets or any other 
reason and whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for 
anything except actual receipts or be liable for any loss or damage arising from 
the realisation of such assets or from any act or omission to such assets or 
otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own fraud, gross 
negligence or wilful default. 
(E) 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Transaction 
Security which may: 
(1) 
be illegal or contrary to any Applicable Law or regulation; or 
(2) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability 
(including any personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the 
exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(F) 
None of the Securityholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with 
the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable time 
and such failure or inability is continuing. By purchasing a Security, the relevant 
Securityholder will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed with the 
Issuer and the Trustee and the other Transaction Parties that only the Trustee 
may enforce the Transaction Security over the Secured Property in respect of 
the Securities in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed.

--- Page 115 ---
Master Conditions 
111 
7.4 
Application of proceeds following enforcement 
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any Security 
Document(s), with effect from the date on which any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice is delivered by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the 
Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Transaction Security received by 
it under the Trust Deed and/or any Security Document(s) on trust for application in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Application of Proceeds). 
7.5 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of the Underlying Assets 
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, except 
with the prior written consent of the Trustee or as instructed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, provided that the Issuer may, at any time before the Transaction Security 
becomes enforceable, and without the consent of the Securityholders or the Trustee: 
(A) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property as may be either expressly 
permitted, contemplated or required by the Conditions or the Transaction 
Documents; and 
(B) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which 
are exercisable by the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and 
without responsibility for their exercise), all rights to enforce any such ownership 
interests in respect of such property, 
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it is 
directed to the contrary by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such 
direction is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction. 
8. 
Restrictions 
8.1 
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of the relevant Series of Securities none of the 
Underlying Assets with respect to such Series of Securities will comprise any Prohibited 
Coins.
8.2 
The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed to certain restrictions on its activities and on 
the conduct of its business. These restrictions apply for so long as any Security remains 
outstanding, unless the prior consent in writing of the Trustee (which the Trustee may 
give if it is of the opinion that to give such consent would not be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of Securityholders) has been given, and except as provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
9. 
Optional Redemption 
9.1 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
(A) 
A Securityholder who is an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to 
redeem all or part of its Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Order to 
the Issuer and making an Acceptable Delivery of Securities.

--- Page 116 ---
Master Conditions 
112 
(B) 
Any redemption in accordance with this Condition 9.1 will be effected in 
accordance with the Physical Redemption Procedures, unless the Issuer has 
made an announcement referred to in Condition 9.8 (Issuer redemption 
announcements) and the Authorised Participant complies with any such 
conditions specified in such announcement. 
9.2 
Redemption by other Securityholders 
(A) 
A Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to 
redeem all or part of its holding of Securities in accordance with the Physical 
Redemption Procedures or the Cash Redemption Procedures (as applicable) 
by submitting a valid Redemption Order to the Issuer and making an Acceptable 
Delivery of Securities if, on the day the Securityholder submits such valid 
Redemption Order, either: 
(1) 
there are no Authorised Participants; or 
(2) 
the Issuer has given notice that redemptions by Securityholders that are 
not Authorised Participants are permitted in accordance with Condition 
9.8 (Issuer redemption announcements) and such notice remains valid. 
(B) 
Any redemption in accordance with this Condition 9.2 will be effected in 
accordance with the Physical Redemption Procedures unless: 
(1) 
the Issuer has made an announcement referred to in Condition 9.8 (Issuer 
redemption announcements) permitting redemption under this Condition 
9.2 in accordance with the Cash Redemption Procedures and the 
Securityholder complies with any conditions specified in such 
announcement; 
(2) 
the Securityholder in its Redemption Order certifies that it is prohibited for 
legal or regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the applicable 
Underlying Assets upon redemption; and/or 
(3) 
the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a 
delivery of the relevant Underlying Assets to the Securityholder, 
in which case the redemption will be effected in accordance with the Cash 
Redemption Procedures. 
(C) 
Any redemption by Securityholders in connection with this Condition 9.2 will be 
conditional upon receipt by the Issuer of the relevant Redemption Fee. 
9.3 
Redemption Order 
(A) 
A Redemption Order must: 
(1) 
specify the number and Series of Securities to be redeemed;

--- Page 117 ---
Master Conditions 
113 
(2) 
relate to only Securities of the relevant Series and not to any other series 
of securities issued by the Issuer; 
(3) 
be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the Authorised 
Participant or Securityholder (as applicable); 
(4) 
provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any 
compliance and identification checks; 
(5) 
comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice given by 
the Issuer including, without limitation, to any announcement or notice in 
relation to the matters described in Condition 9.8 (Issuer redemption 
announcements); 
(6) 
specify a Relevant Account, to the extent that it is not already specified in 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement; and 
(7) 
where submitted by a Securityholder who is not also an Authorised 
Participant, elect the Physical Redemption Procedures or the Cash 
Redemption Procedures and contain any additional information as the 
Issuer (acting reasonably) determines is required to satisfy any applicable 
anti-money laundering and “know-your-customer” checks, including 
(without limitation) a certification that such Securityholder is not a 
Prohibited Securityholder. 
(B) 
A Redemption Order shall be invalid if: 
(1) 
it is submitted by a Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant, 
unless the conditions in Condition 9.2(A) apply; 
(2) 
it does not satisfy each of the conditions in Condition 9.3(A); 
(3) 
it is received (or deemed to be received) on or after the date on which a 
Redemption Notice is given in accordance with Condition 10 (Compulsory 
Redemption); or 
(4) 
it is received (or deemed to be received) during any period when 
redemptions have been suspended or postponed pursuant to Condition 
13 (Disruption and Suspension). 
(C) 
Save with the consent of the Issuer, any Redemption Order is irrevocable once 
it has been submitted to the Issuer. 
9.4 
Redemption Obligations 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Order from a Securityholder in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption Order), the Issuer shall notify the 
Securityholder (such notification an “Optional Redemption Notice”) and do all things 
necessary to give effect to such Redemption Order in accordance with this Condition 9 
and Condition 11 (Redemption Entitlement and Procedures).

--- Page 118 ---
Master Conditions 
114 
9.5 
Consequences of invalid Redemption Order 
If the Issuer, in its sole discretion, considers that a Redemption Order is invalid, it shall 
notify the relevant Securityholder as soon as reasonably practicable and shall not be 
obliged to redeem the Securities subject to such Redemption Order. 
9.6 
Late Redemption Order and Acceptable Delivery 
(A) 
A Redemption Order received by the Issuer after 4.30pm (London time) on a 
Business Day shall be treated as being submitted on the immediately following 
Business Day. 
(B) 
An Acceptable Delivery of Securities received after 3.15pm (London time) on a 
Business Day shall be treated as being received on the immediately following 
Business Day. 
9.7 
Change or variation to redemption procedures 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders or the Trustee, change or 
vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Orders in accordance with 
Condition 21.2 (Modification and Waiver) and the Conditions shall be modified in 
respect of redemptions to the extent of any such change or variation. 
9.8 
Issuer redemption announcements 
(A) 
The Issuer may give notice to Securityholders and the Trustee that: 
(1) 
redemptions by Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants is 
permitted; and/or 
(2) 
redemptions by Authorised Participants under Condition 9.1 (Redemption 
by Authorised Participants) and/or by Securityholders under Condition 9.2 
(Redemption by other Securityholders) may be effected in accordance 
with the Cash Redemption Procedures. 
(B) 
Any such announcements may relate to a specific Business Day, a specific 
period or until further notice is given by the Issuer and/or may be subject to 
certain conditions. 
10. 
Compulsory Redemption 
10.1 
Termination by the Issuer 
(A) 
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 calendar days’ notice to 
Securityholders and the Trustee, at any time in its discretion determine that any 
or all Securities are to be redeemed on the Settlement Date. 
(B) 
In such event the Issuer (subject to compliance with Applicable Law), will apply 
for the trading of such Securities on each Relevant Exchange (and any other 
stock exchange or market on which they are then admitted to trading) to be

--- Page 119 ---
Master Conditions 
115 
suspended or cancelled and shall notify the Securityholders of the date on which 
such trading will be so suspended or cancelled (such date being the “Final 
Trading Date”). 
10.2 
Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, and without prejudice to 
Condition 16 (Events of Default), the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and 
shall if so directed in writing by Securityholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the 
number of the Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders, the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer and the Securityholders that all the 
Securities outstanding shall be redeemed on the Settlement Date. 
10.3 
Cause 
(A) 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a 
Securityholder that any Securities held by that Securityholder are to be 
redeemed on the Settlement Date if: 
(1) 
following a notification delivered in accordance with Condition 15 
(Enquiries as to Status of Securityholders): 
(a) 
the Securityholder certified that it is a Prohibited Securityholder; 
(b) 
the Securityholder failed by to provide an executed certificate in the 
form and manner required by Condition 15 (Enquiries as to Status 
of Securityholders); and/or 
(2) 
at any time, the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion): 
(a) 
that such Securities are or may be owned or held directly or 
beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement of 
any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own 
those Securities; or 
(b) 
that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of 
those Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other 
circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or Tax 
disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders which it or 
they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred and/or expose 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party to a risk of violation of any 
Applicable Law; 
(B) 
In respect of any Securityholder that has provided the certificate described in 
Condition 10.3(A)(1) or failed to provide the certificate described in Condition 
10.3(A)(2), the Issuer’s notice under this Condition 10.3 shall relate only to those 
Securities (and not any other Securities held by that Securityholder).

--- Page 120 ---
Master Conditions 
116 
10.4 
Illegality or impossibility 
(A) 
All or some Securities may be redeemed if the Issuer determines (acting 
reasonably) that it is illegal, impossible or impractical for the Issuer to issue, 
deal with or perform its obligations under such Securities or to hold or deal with 
any Underlying Assets in respect of such Securities, in each case in accordance 
with the Conditions and as a result of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order 
or decision of any governmental, legislative, administrative or judicial authority.  
(B) 
Without prejudice to the generality of (A) above, the Issuer may make such 
determination as a consequence of the introduction of or any change in (or any 
development or change in the interpretation, administration or application of) 
any law or regulation which may (i) impose a positive obligation on the Issuer to 
assume any additional risk in respect of the Securities, (ii) give rise to any 
additional costs for the Issuer in respect of the Securities and/or the Underlying 
Assets and/or (iii) adversely affect the Issuer’s characterisation of the Securities, 
the Underlying Assets or the Issuer, or the services provided by the Arranger, 
the Authorised Participant, the Custodian or any other Transaction Party. 
(C) 
In such event, the Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders and the Trustee 
that such Securities are to be redeemed on the Settlement Date. 
10.5 
Event of Default 
If an Event of Default Redemption Notice has been issued by the Trustee, the Issuer 
will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, give notice to the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties that 
the Securities are, and shall immediately become, due and payable at their Redemption 
Amount on the Settlement Date. 
10.6 
Notice of Compulsory Redemption Event 
On the occurrence of a Compulsory Redemption Event in accordance with this 
Condition 10, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the 
relevant Securityholders and the Transaction Parties (such notice a “Compulsory 
Redemption Notice”). 
10.7 
Compulsory Redemption 
(A) 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, 
determination or declaration taken or made in accordance with this Condition 
10. 
(B) 
The exercise of the powers conferred by this Condition 10 shall not be 
questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient 
evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Securities, or any 
other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith.

--- Page 121 ---
Master Conditions 
117 
11. 
Redemption Entitlement and Procedures 
11.1 
Redemption Entitlement 
Each Security shall carry a right of Optional Redemption in accordance with Condition 
9 (Optional Redemption) or Compulsory Redemption in accordance with Condition 10 
(Compulsory Redemption) to: 
(A) 
where Physical Redemption applies, delivery of Underlying Assets in an amount 
equal to the Redemption Amount in accordance with the Physical Redemption 
Procedures; or 
(B) 
where Cash Redemption applies, payment of the Redemption Amount in the 
Base Currency in accordance with the Cash Redemption Procedures, 
in each case on the applicable Settlement Date. 
11.2 
Redemption Obligations 
Unless the Issuer has delivered an announcement under Condition 9.8 (Issuer 
redemption announcements) permitting redemption to be effected in accordance with 
the Cash Redemption Procedures, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any redemption 
in accordance with Condition 9 (Optional Redemption) or Condition 10 (Compulsory 
Redemption) will be effected in accordance with the Physical Redemption Procedures 
in this Condition 11. 
11.3 
Physical Redemption Procedures 
Where Securities are to be redeemed by physical delivery, the Issuer shall, on the 
Instruction Date, instruct the relevant Custodian to transfer the relevant Underlying 
Assets attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such 
Securities in an amount equal to the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect to the 
Securities to the Relevant Account, to be delivered to such account on the Settlement 
Date. 
11.4 
Cash Redemption Procedures 
(A) 
Where Securities are to be redeemed by cash redemption, the Issuer shall, on 
the Instruction Date, arrange for the sale of the relevant Underlying Assets 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such 
Securities in an amount equal to the product of: 
(1) 
the Coin Entitlement for such Securities; and 
(2) 
the number of Securities subject to redemption. 
(B) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect to the 
Securities on the Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholder through a 
Relevant Clearing System or, in the case of Securities in certificated form, by 
cheque or warrant made payable to the Securityholder and sent by post at the

--- Page 122 ---
Master Conditions 
118 
risk of the Securityholder or any other method of payment notified by the Issuer 
to the Securityholder in accordance with Condition 27 (Notices). 
(C) 
The Issuer will only transfer the Redemption Amount to the Securityholder 
subject to such Securityholder having made Acceptable Delivery of Securities. 
11.5 
Issuer’s obligations on redemption 
(A) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Securities being redeemed shall be 
satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 11. 
(B) 
In connection with any redemption in accordance with the Physical Redemption 
Procedures or the Cash Redemption Procedures, each Securityholder 
acknowledges and agrees: 
(1) 
to accept the Redemption Amount in full settlement of the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of such Securities; 
(2) 
that from the relevant Settlement Date, all title to and risks in the 
Redemption Amount in respect of such Security pass to the 
Securityholder; 
(3) 
that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as 
to the price at which the relevant Underlying Assets will be sold, if 
applicable, or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of 
such; and 
(4) 
that neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for 
(and no Event of Default shall occur by virtue of) any failure by the 
Custodian to effect a delivery of the Underlying Assets in accordance with 
the instructions of the Issuer and, in the event of such failure, the Issuer 
shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming 
Securityholder of its claims in relation to such Underlying Assets in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Securities 
to be redeemed and the Securityholder shall have no further claims 
against the Issuer, the Trustee or the Secured Property.  
11.6 
Principal Amount in lieu of Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 11.1 (Redemption Entitlement), each 
Securityholder may elect to receive on the Settlement Date an amount in the Base 
Currency equal to the Principal Amount of each Security held by it in lieu of the amount 
otherwise specified in this Condition. 
11.7 
Settlement date 
In relation to any redemption pursuant to Condition 9 (Optional Redemption) or 
Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption), the Securities shall be redeemed on the 
applicable Settlement Date.

--- Page 123 ---
Master Conditions 
119 
12. 
Redemption Deductions 
On a redemption of any Securities, the Issuer shall notify (or cause to be notified) to 
the relevant Securityholders the amount of the Redemption Deductions in respect of 
such Securities and their allocation to particular Securities at the time of redemption. 
13. 
Disruption and Suspension 
13.1 
Suspension of redemptions 
If on any date the Determination Agent determines that, in respect of a Security, the 
prevailing market value of the Coin Entitlement is less than 100 per cent. of the Principal 
Amount of such Security (a “Redemption Suspension Event”), the Determination Agent 
shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer may, at any time thereafter, suspend the right to 
request redemption of such Securities for so long as the Determination Agent 
determines that the Redemption Suspension Event continues. 
13.2 
Suspension of subscriptions or redemptions 
On any date the Issuer may, at any time in its sole discretion and on any number of 
occasions, suspend the right to request subscription or redemption of the Securities. 
(A) 
Where the Issuer determines to suspend the right to request subscription or 
redemption: 
(1) 
it shall notify the Transaction Parties as soon as reasonably practicable, 
however the failure to give such notice shall not prevent such suspension; 
(2) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 calendar days, 
at the discretion of the Issuer; and 
(3) 
any such suspension shall not affect any subscription or redemption 
pursuant to an application received (or deemed to have been received) 
on a date prior to the commencement of such suspension. 
(B) 
The Issuer may, at its discretion, terminate any suspension of redemptions 
made in accordance with this Condition 13.2 at any time. 
13.3 
Disruption Events 
The Determination Agent (or, in the case of a Service Provider Disruption, the Issuer) 
may (but is not obliged to), with respect to any calendar day, determine that one or 
more of the following events has occurred or exists on such day with respect to the 
Securities (a “Disruption Event”): 
(A) 
Crypto Trading Disruption 
(1) 
trading and/or settlement in any Underlying Asset is subject to a 
suspension or limitation on any exchange or trading facility for the trading 
of such Underlying Asset; and/or

--- Page 124 ---
Master Conditions 
120 
(2) 
any exchange or trading facility for the trading of any Underlying Asset is 
not open for trading for any reason (including a scheduled closure); and/or 
(3) 
trading in any Underlying Asset on any exchange or trading facility for the 
trading of such Underlying Asset has been permanently discontinued or 
has disappeared; 
(B) 
Service Provider Disruption 
Save as otherwise provided for in the Transaction Documents, if the Custodian 
(or, if more than one, each Custodian) in respect of the Securities resigns or 
their appointment is terminated for any reason and a successor or replacement 
has not yet been appointed, for such time until a successor or replacement has 
been appointed or a Compulsory Redemption Notice has been given under 
Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption); and/or 
(C) 
Secured Accounts Disruption 
Any Underlying Asset held as Secured Property with respect to the Securities 
has been lost or is inaccessible, other than where permitted in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Transaction Documents. 
In determining whether a Disruption Event has occurred, the Determination Agent shall 
consider whether the relevant event would disrupt the actions required to be performed 
by the Issuer, any Authorised Participant and/or any other Transaction Party in 
connection with any redemption of the Securities. 
13.4 
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists 
with respect to a Series of Securities on any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to) on 
the immediately following Business Day give notice of the postponement and/or 
suspension of: 
(A) 
any request for the redemption of any Securities; 
(B) 
the settlement of any redemption of any Securities; and/or 
(C) 
the Settlement Date and/or physical delivery of any relevant Underlying Asset 
in respect of the Securities, or the payment of any amount in connection 
therewith, 
to the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee, and the Custodian including the 
details required in Condition 13.5 (such notice a “Suspension Notice”). 
13.5 
Content of Suspension Notice 
Any Suspension Notice delivered pursuant to Condition 13.4 must specify: 
(A) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant day;

--- Page 125 ---
Master Conditions 
121 
(B) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such Disruption Event 
will be in respect of a single day (a “Suspended Day”) or for as long as the 
Disruption Event continues (a “Suspension Period”); and 
(C) 
which of the consequences in Condition 13.4(A) to 13.4(C) apply on such 
Suspended Day or during such Suspension Period, as applicable. 
13.6 
Expiry of Suspension 
(A) 
If the Suspension Notice is in respect of a Suspension Period, such period will 
end when the Determination Agent notifies the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants, the Trustee and the Custodian that such suspension and/or 
postponement is over. 
(B) 
The Determination Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not 
a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to a Series of 
Securities unless a Suspension Notice has been given in respect of a 
Suspension Period in which case the Determination Agent’s obligation to 
monitor the relevant Disruption Event will continue until it has determined that 
such Disruption Event has ceased (following which it will give notification at the 
end of the Suspension Period in accordance with Condition 13.4). 
(C) 
The Determination Agent shall have no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, any 
Custodian, any Securityholder, any Authorised Participant or any other person 
for any determination or non-determination that it makes in respect of the 
occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event. 
(D) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a 
Suspension Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders. 
13.7 
Postponement of redemptions 
(A) 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Determination Agent has specified in the 
Suspension Notice that any Settlement Date (the “Disrupted Settlement Date”) 
shall be postponed, the relevant Settlement Date shall be deemed to occur on 
the first day thereafter that is a Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if no such Non-
Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 10th Business Day following the 
Disrupted Settlement Date, the Issuer (acting in consultation with the 
Determination Agent) shall determine an appropriate method for redemption of 
the Securities, including the relevant Instruction Date and the Settlement Date 
of such Securities (an “Disrupted Redemption Method”). 
(B) 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any Settlement Date is postponed in accordance 
with this Condition 13.7, then any other dates or periods determined by 
reference to such Settlement Date that have yet to occur or conclude as at the 
time of such postponement shall also be postponed or adjusted, as determined 
by the Determination Agent, to reflect the Disrupted Settlement Date and/or 
Disrupted Redemption Method.

--- Page 126 ---
Master Conditions 
122 
(C) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of 
any Disrupted Redemption Method, notify the Securityholders and each 
Transaction Party. 
(D) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Authorised 
Participant or any Securityholder in connection with any Disrupted Settlement 
Date and/or Disrupted Redemption Method. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment or delivery in respect of the Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which 
payment or delivery in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made. 
15. 
Enquiries as to status of Securityholders 
15.1 
Enquiries of Securityholders 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to 
a Securityholder requiring that Securityholder to provide, no later than the date falling 
10 Business Days after the date of the Issuer’s notice, an executed certificate (together 
with evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably) confirming that: 
(A) 
the Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder; or 
(B) 
the number of Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Securityholder. 
15.2 
Prohibited Securityholder 
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this 
Condition 15 and received notice to the contrary from any Securityholder, to assume 
that none of the Securities are held by a Prohibited Securityholder. 
16. 
Events of Default 
16.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs in respect of the 
Securities, the Trustee at its discretion may, and if directed in writing by holders of at 
least 25 per cent. in number of the Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee) shall, (provided that in 
each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer and each Transaction Party that the 
Securities shall become immediately due and payable at their Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the Conditions (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”): 
(A) 
the Issuer defaults in payment of any sum or delivery due in respect of any 
Security for a period of 14 calendar days or more;

--- Page 127 ---
Master Conditions 
123 
(B) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its material 
obligations under the Conditions or the Trust Deed or any Security Document 
(other than such obligations as may, with the passage of time, constitute an 
event under paragraph (A) above), which default is in the opinion of the Trustee 
incapable of remedy, or is not (in the opinion of the Trustee) remedied within 30 
calendar days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer; 
(C) 
the Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason 
and, at the time such termination takes effect, no successor or replacement 
Determination Agent has been appointed with respect to the Securities; 
(D) 
any Custodian in respect of the Securities resigns or its appointment is 
terminated and, at time such termination takes effect, there is no alternative 
Custodian in respect of the Securities and no successor Custodian has been 
appointed with respect to the Securities; or 
(E) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs. 
16.2 
Event of Default Redemption Notice 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders. 
16.3 
Annual Certificate 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that:  
(A) 
(i) on each anniversary of the issue date of the first Securities issued by the 
Issuer, and (ii) within 14 calendar days after any request by the Trustee, it will 
send to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer to the 
effect that, having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, 
information and belief of the Issuer as at a date as at a date not more than five 
calendar days prior to the date of the certificate, no Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default, Issuer Insolvency Event or event pursuant to which the 
Transaction Security would become enforceable has occurred since such date 
or, if such an event has occurred, giving details of it and confirming that, to the 
best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, since the date of the 
last such certificate, it has complied with its obligations under the Trust Deed; 
and 
(B) 
as soon as practicable after being so requested by the Trustee, it will send to 
the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating the number 
of Securities held at the date of such certificate by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries. 
17. 
Application of Proceeds 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received 
or recovered under the Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the

--- Page 128 ---
Master Conditions 
124 
Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking into 
account Taxes incurred or payable in respect of such realisation) as follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, 
losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in connection with 
the Securities to, the Trustee or any receiver(s) under or pursuant to the Trust 
Deed or any Security Document, including, without limitation, any Taxes 
required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar 
Tax in respect of the Trustee’s income, profits or gains in any jurisdiction in 
which it is resident or has a business establishment), the costs of enforcing the 
Trust Deed and/or realising all or some of the Secured Property and the 
Trustee’s remuneration and if the Secured Property is realised in respect of 
more than one Series of Securities simultaneously, any such fees, costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts that are not attributable 
to a particular Series of Securities shall be applied across such Series pari 
passu and pro rata; 
(B) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities, losses and other amounts properly incurred by, or payable in 
connection with the Securities to, the Custodian under or pursuant to the 
relevant Custody Agreement and if the Secured Property is realised in respect 
of more than one Series of Securities simultaneously, any such fees, costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and other amounts that are not attributable 
to a particular Series of Securities shall be applied across such Series pari 
passu and pro rata; 
(C) 
third, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or satisfaction of the 
aggregate Redemption Amount to Securityholders; and 
(D) 
fourth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct. 
18. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
18.1 
Limited Recourse 
(A) 
The recourse of the Securityholders against the Issuer is limited to the Secured 
Property, subject to the Transaction Security, and Securityholders shall not 
have recourse to any other assets of the Issuer. 
(B) 
If the amounts realised from the Secured Property are not sufficient to discharge 
the Secured Obligations in full, then no other assets of the Issuer shall be 
available to meet any resulting shortfall which shall be borne by the relevant 
person(s) in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 17 
(Application of Proceeds). 
(C) 
Following realisation of the Secured Property and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim, debt 
or other liability of the Issuer that remains shall be extinguished in full and no 
debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.

--- Page 129 ---
Master Conditions 
125 
(D) 
Failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of any shortfall described in 
this Condition 18 shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default. 
18.2 
Non-Petition 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of 
any of them may: 
(A) 
bring, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining any 
administration, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, winding-up or other similar 
actions in relation to the Issuer; or 
(B) 
join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining any action or 
proceeding described in sub-paragraph (A) above; or 
(C) 
take any steps to recover any debts or amounts extinguished as described in 
Condition 18.1 (Limited Recourse) from the Issuer and/or any shareholder, 
member, agent or director of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall be entitled to exercise its rights 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
18.3 
Corporate obligation 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of 
any of them shall have any recourse against any director, shareholder or officer of the 
Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenant or agreement entered into or made by 
the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Documents. 
18.4 
Survival 
The provisions of this Condition 18 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document. 
19. 
Agents and Determinations 
19.1 
Determinations 
(A) 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date 
and/or at such time as the Determination Agent is required to in accordance 
with the Administration and Determination Agency Agreement, the Conditions 
and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party (together, the 
“Relevant Provisions”), perform such duties and obligations as are required to 
be performed by it in accordance with the Relevant Provisions. 
(B) 
The determination by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or 
value or the occurrence of any event required to be determined by it under the 
Relevant Provisions shall be made in good faith and shall (in the absence of

--- Page 130 ---
Master Conditions 
126 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders and the 
Transaction Parties. 
19.2 
Alternate agent 
(A) 
If, at any time after the Transaction Security has become enforceable pursuant 
to the Conditions, the Determination Agent fails to make any determination in 
relation the Redemption Amount when required, the Issuer will use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an alternative agent on its behalf to make 
such determination in place of the Determination Agent. 
(B) 
Any such determination shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents be deemed to have been made by the Determination 
Agent. 
(C) 
In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the Relevant Provisions, with any 
necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can 
do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances. 
(D) 
The Trustee shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any Transaction Party for any 
determination so made by the Determination Agent or any alternative agent (or 
any delay in making such determination) and will not itself by required to make, 
have any responsibility for making, any such determination. 
19.3 
Appointment of Agents 
(A) 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The 
Agents do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Transaction Document to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain: 
(1) 
a Registrar; 
(2) 
an Issuing and Paying Agent; 
(3) 
in respect of any Securities cleared on a Relevant Clearing System other 
than CREST, a Paying Agent other than the Issuing and Paying Agent; 
(4) 
a Determination Agent; 
(5) 
in respect of any Securities admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, for so long as the Securities are listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange and if then required by the regulations of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, a Paying Agent in Switzerland (the “Swiss Paying Agent”),

--- Page 131 ---
Master Conditions 
127 
which agent shall have an office in Switzerland and be a licensed bank or 
securities firm subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA, to perform the functions of a Swiss Paying 
Agent; and 
(6) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which 
the Securities may be listed, 
in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
(C) 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Securityholders of any change of 
Agent or any change to the Specified Office of an Agent. 
(D) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default 
or a Potential Event of Default has occurred in relation to the Securities and/or 
the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may by notice in 
writing to the Issuer, require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of 
the Securities to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the Paying Agent(s), if 
applicable, and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) with effect from the receipt 
of any such notice by the Issuer. 
20. 
Payments 
20.1 
Withholding or deductions on payments 
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities, including but not limited to 
payment or deliveries of any Redemption Amount, shall be made subject to any Tax 
Deduction that the Issuer or any Agent is required to make, by any Applicable Law. In 
that event, the Issuer or such Agent shall make such payment after such Tax Deduction 
has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) of Tax 
so withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer nor any Agent will be liable for, or otherwise 
obliged to make any additional payments to Securityholders in respect of, or in 
compensation for, any such Tax Deduction. 
20.2 
Securities in definitive form 
Payments in respect of Securities in definitive form shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Security at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Securityholder, by transfer to, an 
account denominated in such currency with a Bank nominated by such Securityholder. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or in the case of euro in a city in which banks have access to 
T2. 
20.3 
Global Registered Certificates 
For as long as the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Certificate 
deposited with a Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System

--- Page 132 ---
Master Conditions 
128 
or a common depository, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of 
the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to 
make payments in respect of the Securities will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of the Global Registered Certificate, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of such Global Registered Certificate. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning Securities represented by such 
Global Registered Certificate must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for its 
share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the Global 
Registered Certificate. Payments made to any person shown in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System as owning any Security represented by a Global Registered 
Certificate shall be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
20.4 
Uncertificated Securities 
Payments in respect of Uncertificated Securities shall be made through CREST, 
subject to and made in accordance with the rules of CREST. 
20.5 
FATCA and similar information 
(A) 
Each Securityholder and beneficial owner of Securities shall provide the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Trustee with such 
documentation, information or waiver as may be requested by the Issuer and/or 
any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Trustee in order for the 
Issuer, the Trustee or any such agent to comply with any obligations any such 
party may have in connection with the Securities under: 
(1) 
FATCA and under any agreement entered into by the Issuer and/or any 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to, or in respect of, FATCA; 
and 
(2) 
any other information reporting or exchange arrangements (including, 
without limitation, any legislation implementing EU Council Directive 
2014/107/EU on the mandatory automatic exchange of information, which 
implements the OECD measures known as the ‘Common Reporting 
Standard’).  
(B) 
Each Securityholder and beneficial owner of the Securities further agrees and 
consents that, in respect of FATCA, the Issuer may, but is not obliged and owes 
no duty to any person to, comply with the terms of any intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States of America and another jurisdiction with 
respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement or enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
in such form as may be required to avoid the imposition of any deduction or 
withholding pursuant to FATCA on payments made to the Issuer. In connection 
therewith, the Issuer may make such amendments to the Securities as are 
necessary to enable the Issuer to enter into, or comply with the terms of, any 
such agreement or legislation. The Trustee shall be bound to concur in any such 
amendments provided that doing so would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or

--- Page 133 ---
Master Conditions 
129 
reduce its rights, powers or protections. Any such amendment will be binding 
on the Securityholders. 
21. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
21.1 
Meetings of Securityholders 
(A) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders 
(including by means other than physical meetings) to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
of a modification of any of the Conditions, any provisions of the Trust Deed or 
any other Transaction Document and giving authority, direction or sanction 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Securityholders, whether or not they were 
present at or participated in the meeting at which such resolution was passed. 
(B) 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be two or more Securityholders of the relevant Series of Securities or agents 
present in person holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in number of 
the Securities of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more Securityholders of the relevant Series of Securities or 
agents present in person being or representing Securityholders of such Series 
whatever the number of the Securities held or represented. 
(C) 
The holder of a Registered Security in global form representing all of the 
Securities of such Series for the time being outstanding will be treated as being 
two persons for the purposes of such quorum requirements. 
(D) 
If the Securities are held in global form, the holder of a Global Registered 
Certificate will be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency 
unit of the Specified Currency represented by such Global Registered 
Certificate. 
21.2 
Modification and Waiver 
(A) 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to: 
(1) 
any modification of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; 
(2) 
any other modification and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed and/or any Transaction Document that is, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders, 
provided that, in each case, the Trustee shall not do so in contravention of an 
express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 134 ---
Master Conditions 
130 
(B) 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver as is made or given under this 
Condition 21.2 shall be binding on each Series of Securityholders and shall be 
notified to each Series of Securityholders as soon as is reasonably practicable. 
21.3 
Issuer Technical Amendments 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 21.3(B), the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, make any Issuer Technical Amendment provided that the 
Issuer has certified in writing to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify or form its own opinion) 
that such amendment, in the opinion of the Issuer: 
(1) 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; 
(2) 
has been drafted solely for the purposes set out in paragraphs (A), (B), 
(C), (D), (E) and/or (F) of the definition of “Issuer Technical Amendment”; 
(3) 
does not result in a negative impact to the Coin Entitlement or any 
Redemption Amount; and 
(4) 
has been approved by each affected Transaction Party if such affected 
Party is required to give consent to such amendment, 
(such certificate, an “Issuer Technical Amendment Certificate”). 
(B) 
Subject to provision of an Issuer Technical Amendment Certificate, the Trustee 
shall be bound to concur with any such Issuer Technical Amendment, provided 
that the Trustee shall not be bound to concur with any Issuer Technical 
Amendment that would, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers 
or protections. 
(C) 
Any Issuer Technical Amendment made in accordance with this Condition 21.3 
shall be notified to Securityholders and shall be binding on Securityholders, 
provided that such Issuer Technical Amendment shall not take effect until at 
least three calendar days after the date of such notice. 
21.4 
Issuer substitution 
(A) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree without 
consent of the Securityholders to the substitution of any company in the place 
of the Issuer, or of any previous substitute, as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the Securities (such company 
being the “Substituted Issuer”) if the following conditions are met: 
(1) 
an instrument or deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted 
Issuer to the Trustee, in form and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, 
agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, any Security Document and the 
Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Issuer had been named in the

--- Page 135 ---
Master Conditions 
131 
Trust Deed, any Security Document and the Securities as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(2) 
the Substituted Issuer assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in 
relation to the Secured Property, acknowledges the Transaction Security 
created in respect thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Security 
Document and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that 
the Transaction Security and the Secured Property constitutes a valid 
mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest as 
was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted 
Issuer; 
(3) 
a director of the Substituted Issuer certifies that it will be solvent 
immediately after such substitution (in which case the Trustee need not 
have regard to the Substituted Issuer’s financial condition, profits or 
prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Trustee is satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that 
(i) all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents 
necessary for or in connection with the assumption by the Substituted 
Issuer of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its obligations 
under, the Securities and any Transaction Document (to the extent 
relating to the Securities) have been obtained and (ii) such approvals and 
consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(5) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Issuer will execute and the Issuer shall 
procure that any Transaction Party will execute such other deeds, 
documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order 
that such substitution is fully effective; 
(6) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Issuer comply with such other requirements 
as the Trustee may direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
(7) 
legal opinions satisfactory to the Trustee are provided concerning any 
proposed substitution. 
(B) 
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, 
without the consent of the Securityholders, agree to a change of the law from 
time to time governing the Securities, the Trust Deed and/or the Transaction 
Documents. 
(C) 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 21.4 and the Trust Deed 
will, if so expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all 
of its obligations under the Trust Deed, the Securities and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Substituted Issuer shall give notice of the substitution to the 
Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the execution of such documents 
and compliance with such requirements. 
(D) 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 21.4 and the Trust 
Deed, the Substituted Issuer shall be deemed to be named in the Conditions,

--- Page 136 ---
Master Conditions 
132 
the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (to the extent relating to 
the Securities) and the Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
(or any previous substitute) and the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the other 
Transaction Documents (to the extent relating to the Securities) and the 
Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to such 
substitution. 
21.5 
Regard to interests of Securityholders as a whole 
(A) 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise 
of its functions under the relevant Transaction Documents, the Trustee will have 
regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for any individual Securityholder, and the 
Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon any individual Securityholder. 
(B) 
So long as the Securities are in global form and such Global Registered 
Certificate is held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, in 
considering the interests of Securityholders, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator 
as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or 
participants with entitlements to any such Global Registered Certificate and may 
consider such interests, and treat such accountholders, on the basis that such 
accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
22. 
Fork events, Airdrop events and Staking 
22.1 
Amendments and adjustments on a Fork Event or Airdrop Event 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s rights to effect changes to the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents without the consent of the Securityholders pursuant to 
Condition 21 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), in 
the event of a Fork Event or an Airdrop Event affecting any Underlying Asset applicable 
to the Securities (for these purposes, the “Original Series”), the Issuer may, to the 
extent such event is supported by the Custodian, in its absolute discretion: 
(A) 
adjust (subject to Condition 21.3) the Conditions and/or any Transaction 
Document relating to the Securities of the Original Series so that the 
Cryptoasset arising as a result of the Fork Event or Airdrop Event (the 
“Additional Underlying Asset”) shall be held by or for the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities of the Original Series and shall constitute an additional Underlying 
Asset in respect of the Securities of the Original Series; 
(B) 
create a new Series of Securities (“New Securities”) in respect of which the 
Additional Underlying Asset shall be the Underlying Asset, and issue to 
Securityholders in respect of the Original Series a number of New Securities 
pro rata to their holdings of Securities of the Original Series;

--- Page 137 ---
Master Conditions 
133 
(C) 
adjust the Individual Coin Entitlement in respect of the relevant Underlying Asset 
to reflect the proportion of the relevant Underlying Assets which have been lost 
or converted into or replaced by an Additional Underlying Asset (if applicable); 
(D) 
elect not to receive any Additional Underlying Asset, in which circumstances the 
Securityholders shall not be entitled to receive any value which may otherwise 
arise from such Additional Underlying Asset (if applicable); 
(E) 
distribute an amount of the Additional Underlying Asset to the Securityholders 
in respect of the Original Series pro rata to their holdings of Securities of the 
Original Series; and/or 
(F) 
liquidate an amount of the Additional Underlying Asset and distribute the net 
realisation proceeds to the Securityholders in respect of the Original Series pro 
rata to their holdings of Securities of the Original Series. 
22.2 
No obligation to monitor 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be obliged to assess or monitor whether an 
Airdrop Event or a Fork Event may have occurred. 
22.3 
Staking 
(A) 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, instruct the Custodian, in accordance 
with the Custody Agreement, to stake or vote any amount of any Underlying 
Asset in respect of the Securities in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Custody Agreement, if the Custodian supports staking in respect of such 
Underlying Asset.  
The Issuer will adjust the Individual Coin Entitlement in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Asset subject to staking to reflect the staking reward actually 
received by the Issuer with respect to such Underlying Assets. 
(B) 
If: 
(1) 
any Securities are subject to redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions; 
(2) 
on the Instruction Date in respect of such redemption, any amount of any 
Underlying Assets in respect of such Securities have been staked in 
accordance with Condition 22.3(A); and 
(3) 
as a result of such staking, the Issuer determines that it will be unable to 
pay the Redemption Amount in respect of such Securities; 
then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, either: (x) obtain short term financing 
from a third party (in the case of redemption in accordance with the Cash 
Redemption Procedures) or borrow an amount of the Underlying Assets from a 
third party (in the case of redemption in accordance with the Physical

--- Page 138 ---
Master Conditions 
134 
Redemption Procedures); or (y) delay the Settlement Date for such Securities 
to facilitate an orderly redemption. 
23. 
Replacement and Further Issues 
23.1 
Replacement 
If a Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Securityholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
23.2 
Further Tranches and Series 
(A) 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Trustee or any 
Securityholder (but subject always to Condition 8 (Restrictions)) in accordance 
with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and each Authorised Participant Agreement 
relating to the Securities, create and issue further Tranches of Securities so that 
such further Tranche shall be consolidated and form a single Class with the 
outstanding Securities of the Series upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to 
such Securities. 
(B) 
Any such further Securities shall only form a single Series with the Securities 
(unless otherwise sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution) if the Issuer 
provides additional assets (as security for such further Securities) which are 
fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming 
part of the Secured Property for the Securities and in the same proportion as 
the proportion that the Principal Amount of such new Securities bears to the 
Securities of the Series and/or the Issuer. 
23.3 
Consolidation and division of Tranches and Series 
(A) 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Securities into Securities of the 
same Series but with proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and 
Coin Entitlement (if applicable). Such consolidation or division shall be effected 
by a deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
(B) 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Securities a Securityholder would 
become entitled to a fraction of a Security, the Issuer will redeem such fractional 
Security.

--- Page 139 ---
Master Conditions 
135 
24. 
Listing and Admission 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Deed to use its best endeavours to obtain and, for 
so long as any of the Securities maintain outstanding, maintain, a Listing or Admission 
for the Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the 
Issuer certifies to the Trustee that in its opinion the maintenance of such Listing or 
Admission is unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain a listing 
or admission of the Securities on such other stock exchange as it may decide. 
25. 
Removal, Retirement and Replacement of Trustee 
25.1 
Trustee retirement 
The Trustee may retire at any time, without assigning any reason therefor and without 
being responsible for any costs incurred by reason of such retirement, upon giving not 
less than three months’ prior written notice to the Issuer. 
25.2 
Trustee removal 
The Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution appoint or remove any trustee or 
trustees in respect of the Securities for the time being. 
25.3 
Appointment of new Trustee 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being removed 
by Extraordinary Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not 
become effective until a successor trustee is appointed. 
25.4 
Trustee power to appoint new Trustee 
If the Trustee gives notice of retirement or any Extraordinary Resolution is passed for 
its removal, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that a new trustee 
is appointed, but if it fails to do so before the expiry of the months’ notice period, the 
Trustee shall have the power to appoint a new trustee. 
26. 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect 
participants) of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations. 
27. 
Notices 
27.1 
Notices to Securityholders 
All notices to Securityholders shall be validly given as follows:

--- Page 140 ---
Master Conditions 
136 
(A) 
if the Securities are in definitive registered form, notices may be mailed to 
Securityholders at their respective addresses recorded in the Register at the 
time of despatch, and shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery 
in the case of recorded delivery and three calendar days (excluding Saturdays 
and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven calendar days (excluding 
Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier 
when delivered, save that for purposes only of determining any Settlement Date 
the relevant Redemption Order shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
despatched; 
(B) 
if the Securities are in global form and held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing 
System, notices may be delivered to the Relevant Clearing System, or 
otherwise to the holder of the Global Registered Certificate, rather than by 
delivery as set out above and shall be deemed to be given on the Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant 
Clearing System or the holder of the Global Registered Certificate, as 
applicable; and 
(C) 
for all Securities, and for so long as such Securities are listed on a Relevant 
Exchange, notices may be published on the website of the Relevant Exchange 
and/or one or more regulated information exchanges or other services approved 
for such purposes by the applicable Relevant Exchange(s) and shall be 
conclusively presumed to have been received by the holders on the date of 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date 
on which publication is made. 
27.2 
Notices from Securityholders 
Where the Conditions provide for a notice to be given by one or more Securityholders 
to the Issuer, such notice shall be validly given as follows: 
(A) 
if the Securities are in definitive registered form, the notice shall be sent by 
recorded delivery to the Issuer at the postal address and marked for the 
attention of the person specified in the Constituting Document or to such other 
address or person as shall have been otherwise notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 27.1 (Notices to Securityholders) and shall be 
deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered, provided such day is a 
Business Day and delivery takes place before 12pm (London time) and 
otherwise on the next Business Day; or 
(B) 
if the Securities are in global form and held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing 
System, notice may be given to the Issuer by accountholders in the Relevant 
Clearing System with entitlements to the Global Registered Certificate, where 
the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
acting on instruction by the person(s) for whom such entitlement is ultimately 
beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder 
or via one or more intermediaries. 
In order for such notice to be effective, the accountholder and/or beneficiary, as 
applicable, must take any reasonable steps requested by the Issuer and/or the Trustee

--- Page 141 ---
Master Conditions 
137 
to evidence the validity of their holding of Securities and to ensure that such holding 
does not alter following the giving of such notice and prior to the earlier of (a) the 
effecting of any matter that is the subject of such notice, and (b) a specified long stop 
date. Any notice given in accordance with this Condition 27.2(B) will be deemed to have 
been given when actually received by the Issuer. 
28. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that 
the Securities expressly provide for such Act to apply to any of their terms. 
29. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
29.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
29.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any Securities and accordingly 
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and 
any Securities (“English Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has 
in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts in respect of 
English Proceedings. 
29.3 
Service of process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent or agents in England to receive, for it 
and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 142 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
138 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Form of Securities 
Securities may be issued in Tranches or Series comprising either Registered Securities or 
Uncertificated Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Registered Securities may be represented by Certificates or by Global Registered Certificates. 
Uncertificated Securities will be issued in dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance with 
the Uncertificated Regulations. 
If the Global Registered Certificates are not to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
(“NSS”), upon registration of Registered Security in the name of any nominee for Relevant 
Clearing System(s) and delivery of the relevant Global Registered Certificate to a common 
depositary, the Relevant Clearing System(s) will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount 
of Securities equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Registered Certificates are to be held under the NSS, the Global Registered 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a common safekeeper. 
Uncertificated Securities are issued in dematerialised form and are not constituted by any 
physical document of title. 
Relationship of accountholders with clearing systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the holder of a 
Security must look solely to that Relevant Clearing System for its share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Registered Certificate, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Registered Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System. Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Securities for so long as 
the Securities are represented by such Global Registered Certificate. 
Exchange and transfer 
Registered Securities 
Beneficial interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the 
Relevant Clearing System(s). 
Registered Securities may otherwise be transferred upon surrender at the Specified Office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Certificate representing such Registered Security, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate duly executed and completed and any 
other evidence as the Issuing and Paying Agent may reasonably require.  
In the case of transfer or redemption of part only of a holding of Registered Securities 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued in respect of the part 
transferred (in the case of a transfer of part) and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor (in the case of a transfer 
of part) or cancelled (in the case of redemption of part). 
Each new Certificate delivered will be available with five Business Days of surrender of the 
relevant Certificate. 
Uncertificated Securities

--- Page 143 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
139 
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Securities must be effected through an account 
with CREST subject to and in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the rules, 
procedures and practices of the Issuing and Paying Agent and CREST.  
If at any time Securities cease to be, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the 
Securities will cease to be, held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for clearance through 
CREST and/or CREST is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) and/or CREST announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, the Securities shall continue to 
be in registered form and the Issuer, the Registrar, the Paying Agent(s) and any other relevant 
Transaction Party may agree such procedures as they determine necessary in relation to the 
transfer of Uncertificated Securities and shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice 
thereof to the Securityholders. 
The form and Relevant Clearing System for any Series of Securities will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Series. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
intends for all Securities to be issued as Uncertificated Securities and to be settled and cleared 
through CREST. 
Settlement on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
In Switzerland, all Securities traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be settled through SIX 
SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland and any additional clearing system approved by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG, Zurich, Switzerland (“SIX Swiss Exchange”), or any other additional clearing 
system specified in the Final Terms (“Relevant Clearing System”). Once the Securities are 
registered with and entered into the main register of SIX SIS AG and entered in the securities 
account of one or more participants, the Securities will qualify as intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Federal Act on Intermediated Securities.

--- Page 144 ---
Custody Arrangements 
140 
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS
Custody Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into a Custody Agreement in respect of each Series of Securities with the 
Custodian on the terms of the master terms agreed between the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Custodian. 
General 
The Custody Agreement provides that (unless otherwise directed by the Trustee) the 
Underlying Assets will be held in safe custody on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian in a 
segregated custody account secured by the Custodian (the “Custody Account”). The Custody 
Account will be operated via a Custodian portal and authorised via hardware personal security 
devices or digitally and will be subject to the security granted to the Trustee in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities. See “Security Arrangements”.  
The Custodian will comply with any instruction, in accordance with the Custody Agreement, 
from authorised representatives of the Issuer to withdraw Underlying Assets from, or deposit 
Underlying Assets into, the Custody Account. 
The Issuer’s Custody Accounts can only be accessed by certain representatives of the Issuer 
who have been registered and permissioned by the Custodian and who have received a 
personal security device or act digitally in accordance with the security framework in place 
between the Custodian and the Issuer.  
All Underlying Assets will be held on a segregated basis within the Custodian’s custody 
solution, operated in a secure multi-authorisation environment, accessed via a Custodian 
portal and authorised via hardware personal security devices or digitally, subject to a bespoke 
set of rules agreed between the Custodian and the Issuer, and the Custodian’s minimum 
control standards. 
Staking
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, instruct the Custodian, in accordance with the 
Custody Agreement, to stake or vote the Underlying Assets, and the Custodian will, to the 
extent it supports staking or voting for such Underlying Asset, comply with such instruction. 
Any rewards which may be payable in respect of the staking or voting of an Underlying Asset 
will be paid by the Custodian to the Issuer, minus any commission payable to the Custodian 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Custodian from time to time. 
In circumstances where the Issuer is required to pay the Redemption Amount and the 
Underlying Assets are staked, the Issuer may either obtain short term financing from a third 
party or delay payment of the Redemption Amount. 
Fork Events and Airdrop Events 
In the event of a Fork Event or an Airdrop Event affecting the Underlying Assets applicable to 
any Series of Securities (the “Original Series”), the Issuer may, to the extent such event is 
supported by the Custodian, in its absolute discretion deal with the Cryptoasset arising as a 
result of such Fork Event or Airdrop Event in accordance with Condition 22 (Fork events, 
Airdrop events and Staking). Where such event is supported by the Custodian, in accordance 
with the terms agreed in the Custody Agreement, the Custodian agrees to execute any transfer 
of Underlying Assets in accordance with the Issuer’s instructions.

--- Page 145 ---
Custody Arrangements 
141 
Termination 
The Issuer undertakes in the relevant Trust Deed, without prejudice to the provisions of 
automatic termination of any Custodian, to use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain 
a Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of Securities. 
The Custodian’s appointment in respect of a Series of Securities may be terminated by the 
Issuer or the Custodian on the giving of not less than three months’ prior written notice to the 
other party and, amongst others, the Trustee. 
Custodian replacement 
In addition, the Issuer may, on the giving of not less than three months’ prior written notice to 
(amongst others) the Custodian, elect to terminate the appointment of the Custodian in respect 
of any Securities already in issue.

--- Page 146 ---
Oversight Service Agreement 
142 
OVERSIGHT SERVICE AGREEMENT 
The Issuer has entered into an oversight service agreement (the “Oversight Service 
Agreement”) with INDOS Financial Limited (“INDOS”), a company established in the United 
Kingdom in 2012 and regulated since 2014 by the Financial Conduct Authority as a depositary 
service provider to alternative investment funds. Under the terms of the Oversight Service 
Agreement, INDOS has been appointed by the Issuer to provide independent oversight (the 
“Oversight”) over certain operations of the Issuer. The Oversight includes periodic reporting 
to the Issuer and periodic independent verification of: (a) cryptocurrency transactions and 
positions to the relevant blockchain; (b) cryptocurrency valuations to ensure it is consistent 
with the relevant valuation policy; (c) the Coin Entitlement calculation to ensure consistency 
with the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Securities; and (d) the amount of 
Securities issued with respect to each Series of Securities by reconciliation data provided by 
the Administrator and the Registrar. INDOS is a wholly owned subsidiary within the 
Administrator group but operates independently from the Administrator.

--- Page 147 ---
Security Arrangements 
143 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
Securities issued under the Programme will be secured obligations. The security interests 
described below and any additional security created in relation to a particular Series of 
Securities shall be known as the Transaction Security. This security is granted under English 
law in favour of the Trustee who will hold this on trust for itself, the Custodian and the 
Securityholders (these parties are together known as the Secured Creditors).  
Transaction Security 
The various payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Series of Securities shall be 
secured, pursuant to the Trust Deed, over some or all of the following assets: 
 
the Underlying Assets and all property, income, sums and assets derived therefrom from 
time to time; 
 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching to or in respect of the Underlying Assets, 
and in each case all property, income, sums or other assets derived therefrom; 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Custody 
Agreement;  
 
the Issuer’s interest in any bank accounts (present and future) opened in respect of such 
Series of Securities (“Additional Accounts”) maintained with any account bank or 
custodian and any sums relating to such Series of Securities standing to the credit of such 
Additional Accounts from time to time; 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under any 
agreement (present or future) with any account bank or custodian in respect of any 
Additional Accounts;  
 
all sums held by any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar (as applicable) and/or the 
Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Obligation; 
 
any other security constituted by the Trust Deed or any other Security Document for such 
Series, 
and, in each case, any rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, 
income, rights and/or agreements of the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital) which is 
made subject to security pursuant to the Security Documents (if any). 
Order of Priority 
The security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Document for each Series 
of Securities shall be known as the Transaction Security. The order of priority in which the 
Secured Creditors will be paid if the Transaction Security is enforced is as follows, as further 
set out in the Master Conditions: 

first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses and 
other amounts due to the Trustee or any receiver; 

second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, losses 
and other amounts due to the Custodian; 

third, in or towards payment or satisfaction of the aggregate Redemption Amount to 
Securityholders; and

--- Page 148 ---
Security Arrangements 
144 

fourth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself or as it may direct. 
Additional security interests 
Additionally, the Constituting Document may provide that different security arrangements apply 
to the Securities and/or that the Secured Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant 
to a document (which would be a Security Document) other than the Trust Deed. The existence 
of a Security Document (other than the Trust Deed) for a particular Series of Securities will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Security Document (other than the Trust Deed) will 
be entered into, for example, where there is a security interest to be created under a law other 
than English law in respect of a particular asset for a Series of Securities.

--- Page 149 ---
Redemption Events 
145 
REDEMPTION EVENTS 
A summary description of each of the Redemption Events is set out below: 
Optional Redemption 
The Securities may be redeemed at the option of a Securityholder who is an Authorised 
Participant by submitting a valid Redemption Order to the Issuer and making an Acceptable 
Delivery of Securities. 
Where there are no Authorised Participants, or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by 
Securityholders that are not Authorised Participants is permitted (and such announcement 
remains valid), a Securityholder that is not an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to 
redeem its Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Order (which complies with any 
requirements specified in the Issuer’s announcement) and making an Acceptable Delivery of 
Securities. Any redemption of Securities directly with the Issuer will be conditional upon the 
payment by the Securityholder of the Redemption Fee. 
Compulsory Redemption 
The Securities may be compulsorily redeemed in the following circumstances: 
 
At the discretion of the Issuer on giving not less than 30 calendar days’ notice, the Issuer 
may determine the Securities will be redeemed, and (subject to compliance with 
Applicable Law) apply for the trading of such Securities on the Relevant Exchange to be 
suspended or cancelled (the date on which the trading is suspended or cancelled being 
the “Final Trading Date”); 
 
Where an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred, the Trustee may at its discretion (or shall 
if so directed in writing by Securityholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the number 
of the Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders); 
 
In the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at any time if: 
o 
following a written notice delivered by the Issuer to a Securityholder requiring that 
Securityholder to provide, within 10 Business Days of such notice, an executed 
certificate and evidence satisfactory to the Issuer that such Securityholder is not a 
Prohibited Securityholder: 
 
the Securityholder certifies that it is a Prohibited Securityholder; or 
 
the Securityholder fails to provide an executed certificated in the form and manner 
required under the Master Conditions as to its status as a Prohibited 
Securityholder within 10 Business Days from the date of the Issuer’s notice; 
and/or 
o 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) that the Securities may be: 
 
owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or 
requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to 
own those Securities; or 
 
that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those 
Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other

--- Page 150 ---
Redemption Events 
146 
Securityholders which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred 
and/or expose the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party to a risk of violation of any 
Applicable Law; 
 
If the Issuer determines (acting reasonably) that it is illegal, impossible or impractical for it 
to issue or deal with such Securities or to hold or deal with any Underlying Assets in 
respect of such Securities; 
 
Where an Event of Default occurs and the Trustee (either at its discretion or following a 
direction in writing by Securityholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the number of 
the Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution) gives notice to the 
Issuer and each Transaction Party that all of the Securities shall become immediate due 
and payable (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”);  
“Prohibited Securityholder” means a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Restricted 
Securityholder; 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any 
entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, 
by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject 
to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Securities on behalf of, for the 
benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity. 
“Restricted Securityholder” means any Securityholder that, through its holding of the 
Securities, is, in the opinion of the Issuer, in breach or subject to sanction under any Applicable 
Law or would risk exposing the Issuer or any Transaction Party to a breach of or sanction 
under any Applicable Law. 
On occurrence of a Redemption Event, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable notify 
the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties. 
Suspension of redemptions 
If on any date the Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value of the Coin 
Entitlement is less than 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of such Security (a “Redemption 
Suspension Event”), the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer may 
suspend the right to request redemptions for so long as the Determination Agent determines 
that the Redemption Suspension Event continues. 
The Issuer will notify the Transaction Parties of such suspension, which may continue for a 
period of up to 60 calendar days at the discretion of the Issuer. Any such suspension shall not 
affect any redemption requested pursuant to a valid redemption order received prior to such 
suspension.

--- Page 151 ---
Sale or transfer of Underlying Assets, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse 
147 
SALE OR TRANSFER OF UNDERLYING ASSETS, ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY AND 
LIMITED RECOURSE 
Redemption Process 
The Securities may redeem on the occurrence of a Redemption Event. In order to trigger the 
redemption of a Series of Securities: 
 
in the case of optional redemption, either an Authorised Participant or (where there are 
no Authorised Participants or where the Issuer announces that redemptions by 
Securityholders are permitted) a Securityholder must submit a valid Redemption Order 
to the Issuer; or 
 
in the case of the occurrence of a Compulsory Redemption Event, a Compulsory 
Redemption Notice will need to be given by the Issuer to the Securityholders and the 
Transaction Parties. 
In order for a Redemption Order to be valid it must: 
 
specify the number and Series of Securities to be redeemed; 
 
relate to only Securities of the relevant Series and not to any other series of securities 
issued by the Issuer; 
 
be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the Authorised Participant or 
Securityholder (as applicable); 
 
provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any compliance and 
identification checks; 
 
comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice given by the Issuer; 
 
specify a digital wallet (or bank account) into which the Underlying Asset(s) (or net cash 
proceeds) are to be deposited, to the extent that it is not already specified in the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement; and 
 
where submitted by a Securityholder who is not an Authorised Participant, elect the 
Physical Redemption Procedures or the Cash Redemption Procedures and contain any 
additional information as the Issuer (acting reasonably) determines is required to satisfy 
any application “know-your-customer” requirements, including (without limitation) that 
such Securityholder is not a Prohibited Securityholder. 
Sale or transfer of Underlying Assets 
The submission of a valid Redemption Order of the giving of a Redemption Notice will trigger 
a process which will require the Issuer to (in the case of cash redemption) arrange for the sale 
of the Underlying Asset(s) or (in the case of physical redemption) instruct the Custodian, in 
accordance with the Custody Agreement, to transfer the Underlying Asset(s) to the 
Securityholders, in each case in accordance with the provisions set out in the Master 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents. 
Redemption Amount 
Following such sale or transfer, the Securities will redeem early and the Securityholders will 
receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount for a Series of Securities will be 
calculated as:

--- Page 152 ---
Sale or transfer of Underlying Assets, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse 
148 
 
in the case of cash redemption: 
o 
the quotient of: 
 
the Base Currency Equivalent of the net proceeds actually realised from the 
sale of an amount of Underlying Asset(s) attributable to or forming part of the 
Secured Property equal to the Coin Entitlement for such Series; and 
 
the proportion that that Security bears to the total number of Securities for 
such Series; 
minus
o 
the Base Currency Equivalent of that Security’s pro rata share of any related 
Redemption Deduction; 
 
in the case of physical redemption: 
o 
the Coin Entitlement for the Security; minus 
o 
the Coin Equivalent of that Security’s pro rata share of any related Redemption 
Deductions; 
See the section headed “Economic Overview of the Securities” for a description of how the 
Redemption Amount is calculated.
Enforcement of security 
Pursuant to the Master Conditions and the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any Security 
Document, the Transaction Security shall become enforceable on the occurrence of one of the 
following events (each an “Event of Default”): 
 
the Issuer defaults in payment of any sum or delivery due in respect of any Security for 
a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
 
the Issuer fails to comply with any of its other material obligations for 30 calendar days; 
 
the Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is termination without a successor 
being appointed; 
 
the Custodian resigns or its appointment is terminated and, at time such termination 
takes effect, there is no alternative Custodian in respect of the Securities and no 
successor Custodian has been appointed with respect to the Securities; or 
 
the Issuer becomes insolvent. 
Once the Transaction Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may in its discretion (and 
shall if directed in writing by holders of at least 25 per cent. in number of the Securities then 
outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution), in each case if indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, enforce the Transaction Security. 
The Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured Property received by it 
under the Trust Deed on trust for application in accordance with the order of priority set out in 
Condition 17 (Application of Proceeds). 
Limited recourse 
The limited recourse and non-petition provisions provide that claims against the Issuer by 
Securityholders and each other creditor relating to any Series of Securities will be limited to

--- Page 153 ---
Sale or transfer of Underlying Assets, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse 
149 
the series assets applicable to such Securities. If, following liquidation or enforcement of 
security as described above, the available cash sums pursuant to Condition 17 (Application of 
Proceeds) or assets available for delivery, as the case may be, are insufficient for the 
Securityholders to receive payment in full of any Redemption Amount, Securityholders will 
receive less than such amount and Condition 18 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will 
apply. No other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet such shortfall, the claims of such 
Securityholders or other creditors relating to such Securities in respect of any such shortfall 
shall be extinguished. No Securityholders will be able to petition for the winding-up of the Issuer 
as a consequence of any such shortfall or launch proceedings against the Issuer.

--- Page 154 ---
The Issuer 
150 
THE ISSUER 
General 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited (the “Issuer”) was incorporated as a public limited company 
Issuer in Jersey on 16 November 2022 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as 
amended). The Issuer operates under the aforementioned law and secondary legislation made 
thereunder. The Issuer is registered in Jersey under number 146155 on the register maintained 
by the Jersey Financial Services Commission. The Administrator will act as the company 
secretary of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing 
asset-backed Securities. The registered office of the Issuer is at 28 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE2 3QA. The telephone number of the Issuer is +44 (0) 15 3470 0000. The Issuer’s 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 254900MX83FZ8VWTKQ75. The Issuer’s Website is available 
at www.archax.capital. The information on the Issuer’s Website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Share capital  
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class 
designated as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued 
for a consideration of £1.00 each. The amount of the Issuer’s share capital is £2.00. 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
Ownership of the Issuer
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by Archax Holdings Ltd, the ultimate 
parent company of the Issuer. Archax Holdings Ltd is a private limited company incorporated 
in England.  
The shares in Archax Holdings Ltd are especially concentrated on three shareholders, (i) 
Matthew Pollard, who holds 17 per cent. of the shares, (ii) Graham Rodford, who holds 17 
percent of the shares and (iii) Andrew Flatt, who holds 17 per cent. of the shares. The 
remaining shares in Archax Holdings Ltd are distributed between individual shareholders with 
shareholdings of less than 10 per cent. each. 
Through its shareholding in the Issuer, Archax Holdings Ltd (and indirectly the three major 
shareholders in Archax Holdings Ltd) can exercise material influence and control over the 
Issuer. However, the directors of the Issuer are not personnel of Archax Holdings Ltd or its 
subsidiaries and as a matter of Jersey company law have a duty to act in the best interests of 
the Issuer and to ensure the Issuer meets its contractual obligations including to the holders 
of the Securities. 
Activities of the Issuer 
The Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which the Issuer may engage. Pursuant 
to these restrictions, the business of the Issuer is limited to issuing Securities up to a maximum 
number of Securities outstanding equal to 1,000,000,000 of each Series of Securities, entering 
into agreements and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder and 
entering into other related transactions, and issuing unsecured debt securities, as 
contemplated in the Master Trust Terms. 
The assets of the Issuer will consist of the issued and paid-up capital of the Issuer and fees. 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of Securityholders and other Secured

--- Page 155 ---
The Issuer 
151 
Creditors are the assets comprised in the relevant collection of benefits, rights and other assets 
comprising the security for the relevant Series of Securities. 
The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant Securities. Other than the fees 
paid to the Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no intention that 
the Issuer accumulates surpluses. The Securities of each class are direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the shareholders of the Issuer, the Trustee, officers, 
members, directors, employees, or any Securityholders. Furthermore, they are not obligations 
of, or guaranteed in any way by, any of the Authorised Participants, market makers or their 
respective successors or assigns. 
The Issuer is expected to have an indefinite length of life. 
Directors 
The directors of the Issuer are as follows:
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business Address 
Alan Baird 
Director within the JTC 
Group 
JTC House 
28 Esplanade St Helier 
JE4 2QP
Hilary Jones 
Associate Director within the 
JTC Group 
JTC House 
28 Esplanade St Helier 
JE4 2QP
Simon Allen 
English Solicitor (Law 
Society Roll #313614) 
Director, Honma Capital 
Partners and Honma Katana 
JTC House 
28 Esplanade St Helier 
JE4 2QP 
The Issuer has no permanent chairman. The board of directors of the Issuer (the “Board”) will 
appoint a chairman in respect of each meeting of the Board. 
There are no conflicts of interest for the directors in respect of their duties to the Issuer and 
their private interest and/or other duties. 
Archax Holdings Ltd or its representatives can remove any and all members of the board of 
directors of the Issuer with a majority vote. As such, Archax Holdings Ltd has significant 
influence on the management of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that Archax Holdings 
Ltd or its representatives will exercise their voting rights in a manner that benefits the Issuer or 
holders of Securities. 
Administrator 
Pursuant to the terms of an agreement in respect of each Series of Securities between the 
Issuer and JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the “Administrator”) (the “Administration 
and Determination Agency Agreement”) the Issuer has appointed the Administrator to 
perform certain administrative, accounting, determination agency and related services to the 
Issuer. In consideration of these services, the Administrator will receive various fees from the 
Issuer as set out in the Administration and Determination Agency Agreement.  
The appointment of the Administrator may be terminated by either the Issuer or the 
Administrator upon not less than 120 calendar days’ prior written notice.

--- Page 156 ---
The Issuer 
152 
Financial statements
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 01 January of each year and ends on 31 December 
of the same year save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the 
Issuer and will end on 31 December 2023. 
In accordance with the Companies Law the Issuer is obliged to publish its annual accounts on 
an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
its shareholders. The Issuer is not required to and does not prepare interim financial 
statements. 
Audited historical financial information (audited by the statutory auditors) in respect of the 
Issuer covering each year in which the Issuer has been in operation (and the statutory auditor’s 
audit report in respect of each year) shall be available on the Issuer’s Website. 
Any future published annual audited financial statements prepared for the Issuer (and the audit 
report in respect of such financial year) will be published on the Issuer’s Website and annual 
audited financial statements will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of the 
Issuer or the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as described in “General 
Information”. 
Since the date of incorporation of the Issuer it has not commenced operations and therefore 
no financial statements have been drawn up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Statutory auditors 
Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited. Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited is a member of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
The information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the auditor.
Articles and Restrictions 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions 
set out in the Articles and the Trust Deed applicable to such Series of Securities. These 
restrictions include that, except as provided for or contemplated in the Master Conditions, the 
Trust Deed applicable to such series of Securities, any other Security Document or any other 
Transaction Document, the Issuer will not without the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
 
engage in any business activities other than the following: 
o 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue 
or resell all or some only of the Securities; 
o 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured 
Property relating to any Series of Securities; 
o 
perform its respective obligations under any Securities and the relevant 
Transaction Documents; 
o 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Underlying Assets 
or any other Transaction Document; 
 
cause or permit the terms of the Security and the order of priority to be amended, 
terminated or discharged; 
 
release any party to the Trust Deed or any other relevant Transaction Document relating 
to a Series of Securities from any existing obligations thereunder;

--- Page 157 ---
The Issuer 
153 
 
have any subsidiaries; 
 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Secured or 
create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Secured 
Property; 
 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
terms of the Master Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document; 
 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the directors); 
 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at 
the time of its incorporation and which are held by Archax Holdings Ltd or its nominee) 
or make any distribution to its shareholders; 
 
declare any dividends; 
 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or 
person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to 
satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into 
any agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders; and/or 
 
advance or lend any of its moneys or assets to any other entity or person, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Trustee is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with or in 
contravention of its memorandum and articles of association. 
Copies of the up-to-date memorandum and Articles of the Issuer are electronically available 
on the Issuer’s website at www.archax.capital.  
Legal proceedings 
The Issuer is not a party to, and has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, never been a party 
to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had since 
the date of its incorporation a significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Information on trends 
Cryptoassets, the markets in which they are traded and the applicable regulatory environment 
remain in a relatively early stage of development and are subject to continuous and potentially 
significant evolution. This evolution is likely to continue. These factors give rise to certain risks 
in relation to the Issuer and Securities issued under the Programme, as described in the 
section titled “Risk Factors”, above.

--- Page 158 ---
The Issuer 
154 
Save as set out above, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for the 
current financial year. 
Statements regarding the Issuer’s prospects 
There has been no material adverse change in the Issuer's prospects since the date of the 
incorporation of the Issuer. 
Significant change of the financial position 
There has been no significant change in the Issuer's financial position since the date of the 
incorporation of the Issuer. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue and offer of Securities 
If not specified otherwise in the Final Terms for a Series of Securities or in section “Conflicts 
of Interest” in this Base Prospectus, and save as referred to in the following paragraph, so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person has any interest, including any conflict of interest, that is 
material to any issue or offer of Securities under the Programme.  
Save for any fees payable to any Transaction Party and to the Authorised Participant(s) and 
Market Maker(s) in respect of a Series of Securities, as of the date of this Base Prospectus so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of any Series of Securities has an 
interest material to the Securities. However, all such persons (as well as any service providers 
and delegates and their affiliates) may from time to time engage in commercial transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Transaction Parties in the ordinary 
course of business.

--- Page 159 ---
The Administrator and Determination Agent 
155 
THE ADMINISTRATOR AND DETERMINATION AGENT 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the “Administrator” and the “Determination Agent”) is 
a Jersey private company limited by shares, registered on 8 July 1985 with company number 
32203. The registered office of the Administrator and the Determination Agent is 28 Esplanade, 
St Helier, Jersey JE2 3QA. 
The Administrator and the Determination Agent is regulated by the JFSC in the conduct of trust 
company business and fund services business under the Financial Services Law, and has a 
wealth of experience gained from acting in respect of similar SPV issuers and programmes. 
The ultimate holding company of the Administrator and the Determination Agent is JTC PLC, 
a Jersey public limited company, registered on 12 January 2018 with company number 
125550. JTC PLC is a FTSE 250 Index company listed on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange. For further information about JTC, please visit www.jtcgroup.com.

--- Page 160 ---
The Custodian 
156 
THE CUSTODIAN
The initial Custodian appointed by the Issuer is Komainu (Jersey) Limited (“Komainu”), a 
private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey, Channel Islands (with 
registered number 127169) having its registered address at 3rd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St. Helier, 
Jersey, JE2 4UA, Channel Islands. Komainu is a joint venture between Nomura Holdings Inc., 
a Japanese investment bank, Ledger SAS, a global technology provider and CoinShares 
International Limited, a digital asset investment group. 
The Custodian is part of the Komainu group of entities, headquartered in St. Helier, Jersey, 
with offices in Dubai, Dublin, London and Singapore. 
Komainu is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for Fund Services 
Business in classes ZH (custodian) and ZI (depositary) pursuant to the Financial Services 
(Jersey) Law 1998 and associated orders including the Financial Services (Financial Service 
Business) (Jersey) Order 2009, and is registered under Schedule 2 of the Proceeds of Crime 
(Jersey) Law 1999. 
The Custodian will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Underlying Assets held in the 
secured wallets. The Custodian, and/or its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell 
Cryptoassets for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which 
they exercise investment discretion. Custodial services are available only in connection with 
those Cryptoassets that the Custodian, in its sole discretion, decides to support. The 
Cryptoassets that the Custodian supports may change from time to time. 
The Issuer can appoint an additional Custodian under the Programme.

--- Page 161 ---
The Arranger 
157 
THE ARRANGER 
Archax Capital Ltd (the “Arranger”) is a private limited company incorporated in England on 
29 June 2018 under file number 11477975. The registered office of the Arranger is 4th Floor, 
1 Old Jewry, London EC2R 8DN, United Kingdom. The principal place of business of the 
Arranger is 4th Floor, 1 Old Jewry, London EC2R 8DN, United Kingdom. 
Archax Capital Ltd is majority owned by Archax Holdings Ltd. 
The Arranger provides certain administrative and operational services to the Issuer pursuant 
to an arrangement agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Arranger in respect of 
the Programme dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger may 
delegate certain of those services to its affiliates.

--- Page 162 ---
The Trustee 
158 
THE TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”) is an English public limited 
company registered under company number 01675231 authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, and is a trust corporation that acts as trustee for Eurobond issues, 
other forms of complex financing structures, numerous structured product transactions, 
including Exchange Tradeable Products. The Company has acted as trustee on numerous 
structured product transactions including fixed-rate, floating-rate and deposit-linked issuances. 
The Company has a share capital of £5,000,000 and all of its issued shares are owned by its 
ultimate parent The Law Debenture Corporation p.l.c., bar one share which is held by Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited as a nominee.

--- Page 163 ---
The Registrar and Issuing and Paying Agent 
159 
THE REGISTRAR AND ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited (the “Registrar” and the “Issuing and 
Paying Agent” is a Jersey registered private company, registered on 2 September 1999 under 
company number 75005. The Registrar and the Issuing and Paying Agent’s registered office 
is at 13 Castle Street, St. Helier, JE1 1ES, Jersey. 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Computershare Limited. The Computershare group offers industry-leading corporate trust and 
share and fund registration services in 20 countries globally and has over 20 years’ experience 
in Jersey. Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited has acted as registrar on 
numerous structured product transactions, including exchanged traded products.

--- Page 164 ---
Taxation 
160 
TAXATION 
Below is a summary of certain tax consideration which may impact the return on the Securities. 
The tax legislation of a Securityholders home country and the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the return on the Securities. 
Jersey tax considerations 
Income Tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as 
amended and will be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0.00 per cent. Securityholders 
other than residents of Jersey should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the 
holding, sale or redemption of Securities. Redemption payments (other than redemption 
payments paid to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account of 
Jersey tax. 
Goods and Services Tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register 
as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in 
respect of any supply made by it; or (c) (subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to 
apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, redemption or sale of 
Securities. 
CRS
Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax 
Compliance) (Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer 
is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by 
Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first 
exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with 
further countries committed to implement the new global standard. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Jersey) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of

--- Page 165 ---
Taxation 
161 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
published in the U.S Federal Register and Securities characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Securities (as 
described under “Master Conditions - Further Tranches and Series”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Securities are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all such Securities, including those Securities offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Securities. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Securities, no person will be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party 
is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to 
be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT.

--- Page 166 ---
Taxation 
162 
Switzerland 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to 
(i) Securities issued by the Issuer where the holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, Custodian or securities 
dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax 
considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for 
each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their 
professional tax advisers as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Securities (or options embedded 
therein) in light of their particular circumstances.
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Security are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that 
the respective issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax 
purposes. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation and opened a 
consultation procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime. The draft 
legislation, if enacted in its current form, would replace the current debtor-based regime 
applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. 
In general terms, the proposed paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest 
payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to 
Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other 
persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for 
indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). However, 
the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. 
Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on 
the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding 
tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Parliament, which legislation 
was accepted by the Swiss Parliament on 17 December 2021. The proposed legislation has 
been rejected in a referendum held on 25 September 2022. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
a new paying agent-based regime were nevertheless to be enacted as contemplated by the 
draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of 
Swiss withholding tax on any payment in respect of a Security by any person in Switzerland 
other than the Issuer, the holder of such Security would not be entitled to any additional 
amounts with respect to such Security as a result of such deduction or withholding. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder 
Structured Notes 
If a Security classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond 
and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each 
other and whether the Security is classified as a structured note with or without a predominant 
one-time interest payment (a structured note is classified as a note with a predominant one-

--- Page 167 ---
Taxation 
163 
time interest payment if the one-time interest payment exceeds the sum of the periodic interest 
payments):  
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the bond is not recorded separately from 
the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security is classified as non-transparent 
structured note and any return over the initial investment is classified as a taxable interest 
payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally include a predominant 
one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles set forth below 
under “Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment”. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: 
If the bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and 
the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a 
one-time-interest-payment (see below “Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment”), then any such periodic interest payment and the 
non-predominant one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when paid to the holder of the 
Security. A gain, including interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a 
Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively 
(see below “Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
holder”). The same applies if the Security is redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed 
when paid. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If 
the bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the 
yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original 
issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments, then any 
periodic interest payments and on the sale or redemption of the Security, the difference 
between the value of the bond at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance 
or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at 
the exchange rate prevailing at the time of redemption or sale, issuance or purchase, 
respectively (modified differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value 
decrease on the bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Security may be 
offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same 
taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any 
residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private 
capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see 
below “Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security is classified as a pure 
bond without a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A 
gain, including interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-
free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below 
“Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”).

--- Page 168 ---
Taxation 
164 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security is classified as a pure bond 
with a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives 
from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium 
and not from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any 
periodic interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, 
realised on the Securities (differential taxation method). 
Pure Derivative Financial Products 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which is 
classified as a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including 
low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding one year, pure futures, static 
certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or 
an annual redemption right) and which is held as part of a holder’s private assets constitute 
taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or 
a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below “Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held as 
Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). 
Low Exercise Price Options 
According to the current practice of the Swiss federal tax administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50% at the 
time of issuance.  
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of 
the low exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any 
other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
(see below “Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
holder”). 
Fund-like Products 
A Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Security as 
part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over 
such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised 
on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on 
the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on 
the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within 
a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and 
interest) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss 
realised a non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below “Capital Gains Taxation - Securities held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”).

--- Page 169 ---
Taxation 
165 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in 
Switzerland, in the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or 
a fixed place of business in Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any 
capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of 
their classification) in their income statement for the respective taxation period and will be 
taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax 
purposes, are classified as “professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent 
dealing and leveraged investments in securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes 
upon the sale or other disposal of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-
free private capital gain, a non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual 
is classified, for income tax purposes, as a “professional securities dealer” for reasons of, inter 
alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in securities. If an individual is classified as 
a “professional securities dealer” he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set 
forth above under “Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business”. In relation to the bifurcation 
of a tax-exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, 
respectively, from taxable income components of a Product, see the bifurcation principles set 
forth above with regard to the different instruments under “Income Taxation - Securities held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder”). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in 
accordance with the taxation principles set forth above under “Income Taxation - Securities 
held as Assets of a Swiss Business”). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
Dealings in Securities which are classified as pure derivative financial instruments (such as 
pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding 
twelve months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates replicating 
an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption 
right) are not subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which 
are classified as structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price warrants

--- Page 170 ---
Taxation 
166 
on shares with a maturity exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the consideration paid, however, only if a 
Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary 
to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt 
from Swiss federal turnover tax.  
The issuance of Securities by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which are classified as 
fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the 
consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal 
stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable security at exercise or redemption to the holder 
of the Security is subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3% if a Swiss 
domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or 
intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. Gift, Inheritance and Estate 
Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be 
subject to cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased 
person has had his or her last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, 
respectively, or in the case of a foreign deceased or resident person the transfer involves an 
unincorporated business in Switzerland and Securities are held as part of such business. No 
such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing relationship (i.e. the 
relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) and 
the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and inheritances 
collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very low 
rates (up to 6%). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging 
from 20% to 40% The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-
Swiss resident holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent 
establishment is required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss 
business assets, as the case may be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal 
private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Products), in the case of non-Swiss 
resident individual holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss 
permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to 
Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal capital 
tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident person holding Securities as part 
of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to 
Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the 
taxation year has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or 
permanent establishment in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains 
tax nor net wealth or capital tax in Switzerland.

--- Page 171 ---
Taxation 
167 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement 
(the “MCAA”). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative 
assistance convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic 
Exchange of Information (the “AEOI”). The Federal Act on the International Automatic 
Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the “AEOI Act”) entered into force on 1 January 2017. 
The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed 
reciprocity, compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only 
be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data 
protection. 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AEOI agreement with the EU (replacing the EU 
savings tax agreement) and has concluded bilateral AEOI agreements with several non-EU 
countries. 
Based on such multilateral agreements and bilateral agreements and the implementing laws 
of Switzerland, Switzerland began to collect data in respect of financial assets, including, as 
the case may be, Warrants, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or 
deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a EU 
member state or in a treaty state. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons 
with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent 
of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative 
assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and 
instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of 
the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland.

--- Page 172 ---
Subscription and Sale 
168 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants (or, in certain circumstances and if permitted by the Issuer, 
Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants) may subscribe for Securitise from the 
Issuer. The Authorised Participant(s) in respect of each Series of Securities will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) or under the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under CEA and the rules thereunder (the “CFTC Rules”) of the CFTC, and the 
Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Issuer Act of 1940, 
as amended, nor under any other United States federal laws. The Securities are being offered 
and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
pursuant to Regulation S thereunder. 
The Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
in an “Offshore Transaction” (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) to 
or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this United States selling and transfer 
restriction: 
“Permitted Transferee” means any person who is not: 
(A) 
a U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act); 
(B) 
a U.S. person (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under 
Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
“Exchange Act”); or 
(C) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the 
CEA or any CFTC rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA 
(including but not limited to any person who is not a “Non-United States person” 
as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also including but 
not limited to a “U.S. Person” as described in and for the purposes of the CFTC’s 
Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013) as amended from time 
to time). 
Transfers of Securities within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted 
Transferee are prohibited. Any transfer of Securities to a person other than a Permitted 
Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported 
transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security in such a transaction will 
not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Security. The 
Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor 
to require such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to sell such interest to (a)

--- Page 173 ---
Subscription and Sale 
169 
an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by Applicable Law); or (b) a person who is not 
a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor, in each case in accordance with 
Condition 3. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United 
States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by 
a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the 
United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities 
not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, 
and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in §230.501(a)) who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined Section 15G of the Exchange Act, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership, corporation, limited liability Issuer, or other organization or entity 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any U.S. state or under the laws of the 
United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under 
any other clause of this definition); 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of 
this definition); 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

--- Page 174 ---
Subscription and Sale 
170 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by 
a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under 
any other clause of this definition); 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the 
United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) 
principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the 
Securities Act. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, modified as indicated above, “Non-United States person” 
means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for 
passive investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has 
its principal place of business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax 
regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment Issuer 
or other similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons 
who do not qualify as Non-United States persons represent in the aggregate less than 
10 per cent. of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed 
principally for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as 
Non-United States persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from 
certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s 
regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with 
its principal place of business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC’s interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance 
with certain swap regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013), “U.S. person” includes, but 
is not limited to:  
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death;  
(c) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability Issuer, business or other trust, association, 
joint-stock Issuer, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other 
than an entity described in clauses (d) or (e), below) (a “legal entity”), in each case

--- Page 175 ---
Subscription and Sale 
171 
that is organized or incorporated under the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the 
United States or having its principal place of business in the United States; 
(d) 
Any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in 
clause (c), unless the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
Any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a 
court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust; 
(f) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment 
vehicle that is not described in clause (c) and that is majority-owned by one or more 
persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e), except any commodity pool, pooled 
account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is publicly offered 
only to non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons; 
(g) 
Any legal entity (other than a limited liability Issuer, limited liability partnership or similar 
entity where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or 
indirectly majority-owned by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), 
or (e) and in which such person(s) bears unlimited responsibility for the obligations and 
liabilities of the legal entity; and 
(h) 
Any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner 
(or one of the beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), or (g).  
“Benefit Plan Investor” means: 
(a) 
an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, (“ERISA”)), whether or not subject to ERISA;  
(b) 
a plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the Code; or  
(c) 
an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan’s investment 
in the entity under U.S. Department of Labor Regulations § 2510.3-101 (29 c.f.r. § 
2510.3-101). 
Each prospective purchaser of the Securities, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus 
and the Securities, and each transferee of the Securities by accepting the transfer of the 
Securities, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
it understands that the Securities have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and agrees that it will not, at any time during the term of the Securities, 
offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, in an “Offshore Transaction” 
(within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) to or for the account of a 
Permitted Transferee, or;  
(b) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a 
commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules;

--- Page 176 ---
Subscription and Sale 
172 
(c) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another 
person, such other person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial 
owner of an interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial 
owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the 
transfer of an interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable 
to the Securities; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after 
becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security is held by 
a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to redeem such Securities in 
accordance with Conditions 10 (Compulsory Redemption) and 15 (Enquiries as to 
status of Securityholders);  
(g) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its 
interest in the Securities; 
(h) 
it understands that Securities will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth 
herein; and 
(i) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions 
applicable to the Securities will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any 
rights to the Non-Permitted Transferee. 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer and each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further 
Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Securities to 
the public in the UK: 
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the UK Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of the Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation or shall be in contravention on any other restriction on an offer of the 
Securities in the UK.

--- Page 177 ---
Subscription and Sale 
173 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” 
in relation to any Securities in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as 
amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter. 
Jersey 
The Authorised Participant undertakes to the Issuer that it will not permit the Securities to be 
sold to, or purchased by, persons resident in Jersey (other than financial institutions in the 
normal course of business). 
European Economic Area 
(a) 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Securities specifies the “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), the Issuer and each 
Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised 
Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(b) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Series of Securities specify that an offer of those 
Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of this a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus of Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(d) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of the Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 178 ---
Subscription and Sale 
174 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or shall 
be in contravention on any other restriction on an offer of the Securities in that Relevant State. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe to the Securities, and the 
expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and will not be admitted to trading on a trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to any Securities (A) constitutes a prospectus as 
such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (B) has been or will be filed 
with or approved by a Swiss Review Body; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or 
marketing material relating to any Securities may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, 
(i) 
if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) has 
been automatically recognised in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by 
a Swiss Review Body as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of 
the FinSA, and published in accordance with the FinSA, this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented from time to time) may be used, subject to any other 
applicable requirements under the FinSA or the FinSO, for any public offering 
of Securities in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of 
Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of any Securities to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant 
Authorised Participant(s) may agree that (A) such Securities may be publicly 
offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (B) an application 
will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such Securities to trading 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant 
Authorised Participant(s) agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable 
requirements of the FinSA in connection with such offering and/or application 
for admission to trading. 
(c) 
Under no circumstances may Securities with a derivative character within the meaning 
of article 86(2) of the FinSO be offered or recommended to private clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless a key information document

--- Page 179 ---
Subscription and Sale 
175 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any equivalent document 
under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Securities. 
(d) 
Securities issued under the Programme will be exchange traded products and will not 
constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (as amended, 
the “CISA”). Therefore, the Securities are neither governed by the CISA nor subject to 
the approval of, or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA (“FINMA”), and investors in the Securities will not benefit from protection under 
the CISA or supervision by FINMA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participants following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which 
it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Swedish FSA and an offer of Securities 
to the public in Sweden, no representation is made that any action has been taken in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, or possession or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any applicable Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Authorised Participant has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any applicable Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Authorised Participant shall have responsibility therefor. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, 
and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the “EU Prospectus Regulation”); and

--- Page 180 ---
Subscription and Sale 
176 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised 
Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter; 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and 
as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom 
thereafter (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.

--- Page 181 ---
General Information 
177 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
This Base Prospectus was approved by a resolution of the 
Board of the Issuer passed on or around 07 June 2023. The 
issue of each Series of Securities issued by the Issuer will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Board of the Issuer. 
No significant change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation. There has been 
no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer 
or the financial or trading position of the Issuer or its group since 
the date of the incorporation of the Issuer.  
No legal proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or 
have had since the date of its incorporation, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Settlement and clearing 
Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant 
Clearing System including CREST, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt.  
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Securities will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Address of Relevant 
Clearing System 
The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & International Limited, 
33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-
1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The address of any other applicable Relevant Clearing System 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Publication of 
documents 
During the validity of this Base prospectus, or, if longer, so long 
as Securities may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, 
this Base Prospectus, each applicable Final Terms, each 
relevant Trust Deed, the memorandum and the Articles of the 
Issuer will be published and available on the Issuer’s Website. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced 
from third parties this information has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from the information published by such third parties 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced

--- Page 182 ---
General Information 
178 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party 
information is identified where used. 
Post issuance 
information 
Each Business Day, the Issuer will publish the Coin Entitlement 
and each Individual Coin Entitlement for each Series of 
Securities on the Issuer’s Website as described in the Master 
Conditions.  
Save as set out above, the Issuer does not intend to provide 
any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of 
Securities or in relation to the Underlying Assets, except as 
required by any Applicable Law or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Websites 
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by 
the Swedish FSA. 
Available documents 
During the validity of this Base Prospectus or, if longer, for so 
long as Securities may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available 
upon reasonable notice in printed form free of charge, during 
the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect to the 
location of the relevant offices specified below) on any weekday 
(Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection and 
collection at the registered office of the Issuer: 

the Master Trust Terms; 

the Master Definitions; 

the Custody Agreement; 

the Registrar Agreement; 

the 
Administration 
and 
Determination 
Agency 
Agreement; 

the memorandum and Articles of the Issuer; 

a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
prospectus; 

each Final Terms and each subscription agreement (if 
any), any Security Document and the Constituting 
Document comprising, amongst other things, the Trust 
Deed for Securities which are listed on any Relevant 
Exchange or any other stock exchange; and 

such other documents as may be required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which any Security is at the 
relevant time listed.

--- Page 183 ---
General Information 
179 
So long as any of the Securities are outstanding, copies of 
these documents may also be provided by email to a 
Securityholder following prior written request to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent subject to such Securityholder providing 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Securities and as to its identity. 
Reasons for the offer 
and use of proceeds 
The Issuer will issue Securities under the Programme for the 
purposes of discharging its corporate objectives.  
The net proceeds of each issue of a Series of Securities will be 
used to purchase the Underlying Assets in respect of such 
Series and/or enter into the Transaction Documents and/or in 
meeting certain expenses and fees payable in connection with 
the operations of the Issuer and the issue of any Securities. 
The Redemption Amount payable on the Securities is 
dependent on the performance of the Underlying Assets, 
therefore the Issuer expects to be fully collateralised in respect 
of its obligations to Securityholders. 
Listing Agent 
Lang & Schwarz TradeCenter AG & Co. KG is acting solely in 
its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the 
Securities to be listed on Xetra and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Securities to listing on the Relevant Exchange.
In the case of Securities to be admitted to trading and listed on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, the applicable Listing Agent will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
Form of Final Terms 
180 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [] 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with 
registered number 146155) 
LEI: 254900MX83FZ8VWTKQ75 
Issue of [number] of 
[specify Underlying Asset] Securities (the “Securities”) 
under its [Crypto ETP Programme] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[To be included where item 20 “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as 
“Applicable”] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK")). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU)) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 185 ---
Form of Final Terms 
181 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients [and 
retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate] / [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; [and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate [specify]]]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
The Securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions (as defined below) 
and also to the following terms (the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Securities. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the master 
conditions (the “Master Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 09 June 2023 
[and the supplement(s) dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “EU 
Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.archax.capital. 
[In the case of Securities to be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or publicly 
offered in Switzerland, insert: The Base Prospectus dated 09 June 2023 [and the 
supplement(s) dated [●]] were filed with [SIX Exchange Regulation AG]/[●] as review body (the 
“Swiss Review Body”) pursuant to article 52 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 
2018, as amended (the “FinSA”) for automatic recognition in accordance with article 54(2) of 
the FinSA as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and published

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms 
182 
in accordance with the FinSA. The Swiss Review Body has not reviewed or approved the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] or these Final Terms. These Final Terms will be filed with 
the Swiss Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
SERIES DETAILS 
1. 
Issuer: 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited  
(LEI: 254900MX83FZ8VWTKQ75) 
2. 
Class: 
[●] 
3. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[insert Series title] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
4. 
Index Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Index: [●]] 
[Index Sponsor: [●]] 
[As at the date of these Final Terms the Index 
Sponsor [appears][does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) 
(the 
“BMR”)][and][or][the  Financial Conduct Authority 
pursuant to EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of domestic law in 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK BMR”)] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,]/[the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
[Specify alternative status for the purposes of BMR / 
UK BMR]

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms 
183 
Details of the index calculation and construction 
methodology can be found at [website]. 
5. 
Aggregate 
number 
of 
Securities of the Series: 
[] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[] 
6. 
Principal Amount: 
[] 
7. 
Underlying Assets: 
[●] [specify details relating to the Underlying Assets 
and any post-issuance information as required] 
8. 
Initial Coin Entitlement: 
[] 
9. 
Arranger Fee: 
[] 
10. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
11. 
Delivery Precision Level: 
[specify] 
12. 
Coin Entitlement Precision 
Level: 
[specify] 
13. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
14. 
Base Currency: 
[] 
15. 
Business Day Centres: 
[specify] [London and Jersey will typically be 
specified. Further consideration should be given 
before other centres are specified.] 
16. 
Specified Currency: 
[●]  
17. 
Form of Securities: 
(i) 
Form: 
[Registered] / [Uncertificated]
(ii) 
Held under New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[No]/[Yes]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Relevant Exchange: 
[●]  
19. 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[CREST] / [Euroclear] / [Clearstream, Frankfurt] / 
[Clearstream, Luxembourg] / [specify other]

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms 
184 
20. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Offer: 
(i) 
Exempt Securities: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
(iv) Offer Period: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Authorised Offeror: 
[] and each Authorised Participant expressly named 
as an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website at 
www.archax.capital. 
(vi) Conditions to consent: 
[specify] 
(vii) Offer Price: 
[specify] 
(viii) Conditions to which 
the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[insert any applicable additional 
conditions to offer]/[Offers of the Securities are 
conditional upon their issue and, as between the 
Authorised Participants and their customers, any 
further conditions as may be agreed between them] 
(ix) Amount of the 
Securities which will 
be offered to the public 
or admitted to trading: 
[specify] 
(x) 
Manner and date in 
which results of the 
offer are to be made 
public: 
[specify] 
(xi) Process for notifying 
applicants of the 
amount allotted and an 
indication whether 
dealing may being 
before notification is 
made: 
[specify] 
(xii) Estimated 
total 
expenses 
of 
the 
issue/offer 
and 
the 
[Not Applicable] / [The total expenses of the 
[issue]/[offer] is estimated to amount to [●]. The 
estimated net amount of the proceeds is estimated to 
amount to [●].]

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms 
185 
estimated net amount 
of the proceeds: 
(xiii) 
Description 
of 
the 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[specify] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
22. 
Trustee: 
[The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.] [specify 
other] 
23. 
Authorised Participant(s): 
[Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP] [specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
24. 
Account Bank: 
[N/A] [specify] 
[Specified Office: []] 
25. 
Administrator: 
[JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited] [specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
26. 
Market Maker(s): 
[●] 
[Specified Office: []] 
27. 
Arranger: 
[Archax Capital Ltd] [specify other]
28. 
Agents: 
(i) 
Determination Agent: 
[JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited] [specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
(ii) 
Custodian: 
[Komainu (Jersey) Limited] [specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
(iii) 
Issuing and Paying 
Agent: 
[Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited] 
[specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
(iv) 
Swiss Paying Agent: 
[]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms 
186 
Specified Office: [] 
(v) 
Additional Paying 
Agent(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [specify other]  
Specified Office: [] 
(vi) 
Registrar: 
[Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited] 
[specify other] 
Specified Office: [] 
(vii) 
Additional Agent: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify] 
(viii) 
Additional Agency 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify] 
ADDITIONAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
29. 
Transaction Document(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
30. 
Security Document(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
AMENDMENTS TO SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
31. 
Amendments/modifications 
to any selling restrictions: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out above has been extracted from [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such information or made any 
enquiries as to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
Signed on behalf of [●]
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms 
187 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING: 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Securities to be 
admitted to []. 
[The Securities have been provisionally admitted to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange as from [●]. 
Application for definitive admission to trading and 
listing of the Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
will be made as soon as practicable thereafter and 
(if granted) will only be granted after the Issue Date. 
The last day of trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
is expected to be [date].] 
(include in the case of Securities to be admitted to 
trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
Securities of the same Series of Securities are, to 
the knowledge of the Issuer, already listed or 
admitted to trading on [●]. 
[Minimum trading size: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(include in the case of Securities to be admitted to 
trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange)] 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
[Listing Agent: 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], Switzerland, as its 
representative to file the application with SIX 
Exchange Regulation AG in its capacity as 
competent authority for the admission to trading 
(including the provisional admission to trading) and 
listing of the Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange.]
(include in the case of Securities to be admitted to 
trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
2. 
RATINGS: 
Ratings: 
[]/ [Not Applicable].

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms 
188 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER:]
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the offer.] 
[The Arranger and its affiliates have engaged and may engage in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform the same for, the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
[insert other] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 3. If conflicts have been disclosed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were 
disclosed.) 
4. 
ESTIMATED AMOUNT OF NET PROCEEDS: 
 
Net Proceeds: 
[]
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
[CUSIP: 
[]] 
Clearing system(s) and any 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.] / [Euroclear UK & International 
Limited]/ [CREST] 
[Specify name(s), number(s) and address(es) of 
any additional clearing systems] 
Delivery:
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [or 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms 
189 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Securities are capable of meeting them the 
Securities may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]] 
6. 
DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES OBTAINED:
The issue of the Securities has been authorised by the Board on [].

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
190 
ANNEX TO FINAL TERMS – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[To be inserted for any Series of Securities listed on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
publicly offered in a Member State of the EEA]

--- Page 195 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
191 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
Acceptable Delivery ............................... 84 
Additional Account ............................... 101 
Additional Accounts ............................. 143 
Additional Agency Agreement ............... 85 
Additional Agent .................................... 85 
Additional Underlying Asset ................. 132 
Adjustment Event .................................. 84 
Administration and Determination Agency 
Agreement ................................. 85, 151 
Administrator ......................... 85, 151, 155 
Admission.............................................. 85 
AEOI ................................................... 167 
AEOI Act ............................................. 167 
Agency Agreement ................................ 85 
Agent ..................................................... 85 
AIF ........................................................ 41 
AIFMD ................................................... 41 
Airdrop Event ........................................ 85 
Applicable.............................................. 91 
Applicable Law ...................................... 85 
Archax MTF ........................................... 85 
Arrangement Agreement ....................... 85 
Arranger ..................................... ii, 85, 157 
Arranger Fee ......................................... 86 
Authorised Offeror ................................. 52 
Authorised Participant ........................... 86 
Authorised Participant Agreement ......... 86 
Bank .................................................... 127 
Base Currency ...................................... 86 
Base Currency Equivalent ............... 86, 94 
Base Prospectus .............................. i, 181 
Benefit Plan Investor ............................171 
BGP ...................................................... 34 
BMR.....................................................182 
Board ...................................................151 
business day ........................................105 
Business Day ........................................ 86 
Business Day Centres .......................... 86 
Cash Redemption Amount .................... 86 
Cash Redemption Procedures .............. 87 
CEA ...................................................... 53 
Certificates ..................................... 87, 103 
CFTC .................................................... 53 
CFTC Rules .........................................168 
CISA ....................................................175 
COBS ..................................................181 
Code ........................................ 87, 96, 146 
Coin Entitlement ................................ ii, 87 
Coin Entitlement Precision Level ........... 87 
Coin Equivalent ................................ 87, 94 
Commission’s Proposal........................161 
Compulsory Redemption ....................... 87 
Compulsory Redemption Event ............. 87 
Compulsory Redemption Notice ..... 87, 116 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date
 .......................................................... 87 
Conditions ............................................. 87 
Constituting Document .......................... 87 
Core Programme Documents................ 81 
CREST ................................................. 88 
Crypto Trading Disruption ..................... 88 
Cryptoasset ........................................... 88

--- Page 196 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
192 
Currency Business Day ......................... 88 
Custodian .............................................. 88 
Custody Account ............................. 6, 140 
Custody Agreement ............................... 88 
Delivery Precision Level ........................ 88 
Determination Agent ...................... 88, 155 
Digital Wallet ......................................... 88 
Disrupted Redemption Method ............ 121 
Disrupted Settlement Date .................. 121 
Disruption Event .................................. 119 
Distributed Ledger ................................. 88 
distributor ...................................... 55, 181 
EEA ............................................... 54, 180 
Electronic Consent ................................ 88 
Eligible Authorised Participant ............... 88 
Eligible Custodian .................................. 89 
Eligible Underlying Assets ............... 59, 89 
English Proceedings ...................... 89, 137 
English Secured Property ...................... 89 
English Transaction Security ................. 89 
ERISA ............................. 89, 96, 146, 171 
EU Prospectus Regulationi, 54, 174, 175, 
180, 181 
EUWA ........................................ i, 45, 180 
Event of Default ..................... 89, 122, 148 
Event of Default Redemption Notice ... 122, 
146 
Exchange Act ........................................ 53 
Execution Fee ....................................... 89 
Exempt Securities ................... i, 45, 51, 90 
Extraordinary Resolution ....................... 90 
FATCA .................................................. 90 
FCA ....................................................... 53 
Final Terms ................................ i, 91, 181 
Final Terms for Exempt Securities ......ii, 51 
Final Trading Date ....................... 115, 145 
Financial Services Law ......................... 46 
FINMA .................................................175 
FinSA ................................................ i, 181 
FinSO ................................................... 47 
foreign passthru payments ...................160 
Fork Event ............................................ 91 
FSMA ........................... 10, 41, 45, 54, 176 
FTT ......................................................161 
Global Registered Certificate ................ 91 
GST Law ..............................................160 
HMT Consultation Paper ....................... 42 
holders .................................................. 13 
IGA ....................................................... 91 
IGAs.....................................................160 
Incompatible Cryptoasset ...................... 91 
Index ..................................................... 91 
Index Cancellation ................................ 91 
Index Disruption .................................... 91 
Index Disruption Event .......................... 91 
Index Modification ................................. 91 
Index Securities .................................. i, 91 
Index Security ....................................... 91 
Index Sponsor ....................................... 91 
Individual Coin Entitlement .................... 92 
INDOS .................................................142 
Initial Coin Entitlement .......................... 92 
Instruction Date ..................................... 92 
Insurance Distribution Directive54, 
175, 
180 
investors ............................................... 13 
Issue Date............................................. 92 
Issue Level Documents ......................... 81 
Issuer .................................... i, 43, 92, 150 
Issuer Insolvency Event ........................ 92

--- Page 197 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
193 
Issuer Technical Amendment ........ 93, 130 
Issuer Technical Amendment Certificate
 ........................................................ 130 
Issuer’s Website .................................ii, 94 
Issuing and Paying Agent .............. 94, 159 
JFSC ..................................................... 46 
JFSC AML/CFT Handbook ...................... 4 
Komainu .............................................. 156 
legal entity ........................................... 170 
Listing .................................................... 94 
Master Conditions ........... i, 81, 82, 94, 181 
Master Definitions and Construction Terms
 .......................................................... 94 
Master Programme Level Documents ... 81 
Master Trust Terms ............................... 94 
MCAA .................................................. 167 
MiFID II ..........................10, 175, 180, 181 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ...... 55 
MTFs ..................................................... 10 
New Securities .................................... 132 
Non-Base Currency ......................... 86, 94 
Non-Coin Asset ............................... 87, 94 
Non-Disrupted Day ................................ 94 
Non-Exempt Offer ......................... 50, 173 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction ............... 50 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions ............. 50 
Non-United States person ................... 170 
notice .................................................. 103 
notification ........................................... 103 
notified ................................................ 103 
NSS ..................................................... 138 
OECD .................................................... 94 
offer ..................................................... 176 
offer of Securities to the public .... 173, 174 
Optional Redemption ............................. 94 
Optional Redemption Notice .......... 94, 113 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date .. 94 
Original Series ............................. 132, 140 
outstanding ........................................... 95 
Oversight .............................................142 
Oversight Service Agreement ..............142 
participating Member States ................161 
Paying Agency Agreement .................... 95 
Paying Agent(s) .................................... 96 
Payment Business Day ......................... 96 
Permitted Transferee ...........................168 
Physical Redemption Amount ............... 96 
Physical Redemption Procedures ......... 96 
Plans .............................................. 96, 146 
Potential Event of Default ...................... 96 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................... 54, 180 
Principal Amount ................................... 96 
Proceedings .......................................... 96 
Programme ............................................... i 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor ..... 96, 146 
Prohibited Coin ..................................... 96 
Prohibited Securityholder ............... 97, 146 
prospective investors ............................ 13 
Rebalancing ................................... 97, 108 
Rebalancing Date ................................. 97 
Rebalancing Index Disruption Event ..... 97 
Rebalancing Period ............................... 97 
Redemption Amount ............................. 97 
Redemption Deductions ........................ 97 
Redemption Fee ................................... 97 
Redemption Notice ............................... 97 
Redemption Order ................................ 98 
Redemption Suspension Event98, 
119, 
146 
Register ......................................... 98, 104

--- Page 198 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
194 
Registered ........................................... 103 
Registered Securities .................... 98, 103 
Registrar ....................................... 98, 159 
Registrar Agreement ............................. 98 
Relevant Account .................................. 98 
Relevant Clearing System ....... 11, 98, 139 
Relevant Clearing System Business Day
 .......................................................... 98 
Relevant Exchange ......................... 10, 98 
Relevant Provisions ............................. 125 
Relevant State ..................................... 173 
Required Rebalancing ................... 98, 108 
Restricted Party ..................................... 98 
Restricted Securityholder .............. 99, 146 
retail investor ............................... 175, 176 
Sanctioned Country ............................... 99 
Sanctioning Authority ............................ 99 
Sanctions .............................................. 99 
Secured Accounts Disruption ................ 99 
Secured Creditors ............................. 7, 99 
Secured Obligations .............................. 99 
Secured Property .............................. 6, 99 
Securities ................................... i, 99, 180 
Securities Act ................................ 53, 168 
Security Document .............................. 100 
Securityholder ..................................... 100 
Securityholders ..................................... 13 
Series .................................................. 100 
Service Provider Disruption ................. 100 
Settlement Date................................... 100 
Single Coin Securities .............................. i 
Single Coin Security .............................. 72 
SIX Swiss Exchange ........................... 139 
Specified Currency .............................. 100 
Specified Denomination ....................... 100 
Specified Office ....................................100 
Subscription Order ................................ 61 
Substituted Issuer ........................ 100, 130 
suspended Day ....................................121 
Suspended Day ...................................100 
Suspension Notice ...............................120 
Suspension Period ....................... 100, 121 
Swedish FSA ...................................... i, 44 
Swedish FSA Approval ....................... i, 44 
Swiss Paying Agent .............................126 
Swiss Review Body ..............................181 
T2 ................................................ 100, 127 
TARGET Settlement Day .....................100 
Tax ......................................................100 
Tax Deduction ......................................100 
Taxation ...............................................160 
Terms and Master Conditions of the Non-
Exempt Offer ..................................... 52 
Third Party Information.......................... 44 
Tranche ...............................................100 
Transaction Document .........................101 
Transaction Party .................................101 
Transaction Security ........................ 6, 101 
Trust Deed ...........................................102 
Trustee ........................................ 101, 158 
U.S. person .................................. 169, 170 
UK ................................................. 54, 180 
UK BMR ...............................................182 
UK MiFIR .............................................181 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .. 55, 
181 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................... 54, 180 
UK Prospectus Regulationi, 45, 54, 173, 
176 
Uncertificated .......................................103

--- Page 199 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
195 
Uncertificated Regulations ................... 102 
Uncertificated Securities .............. 102, 103 
Underlying Asset ...................................... i 
Underlying Assets ............................... 102 
Valuation Date ..................................... 102 
Voluntary Rebalancing ................. 102, 108 
Weight Adjustment Factor ....................102 
Weights ................................................102 
Written Resolution ................................102 
Xetra .............................................. 10, 102

--- Page 200 ---
L_LIVE_EMEA1:101798704v23 
Issuer 
Archax Capital Issuer Limited 
28 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited 
First Floor Kensington Chambers 
46/50 Kensington Pl 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 0ZE
Custodian(s) 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited 
3rd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8WQ 
Administrator and Company Secretary 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
28 Esplanade, St. Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited 
13 Castle Street, St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Determination Agent 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) 
Limited 
28 Esplanade, St. Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited 
13 Castle Street, St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Arranger 
Archax Capital Ltd 
4th Floor, 1 Old Jewry 
London EC2R 8DN 
United Kingdom 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
English law legal advisors 
to the Issuer 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Citypoint, Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
Jersey law legal advisors 
to the Issuer 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St. Helier Jersey JE1 0BD 
Swedish law legal 
advisors to the Issuer 
Harvest Advokatbyrå 
Engelbrektsplan 1, 114 34 
Stockholm, Sweden 
English legal advisers to 
the Trustee 
Linklaters LLP  
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
Printed by: 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Citypoint, Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS