--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
ARGENTA SPAARBANK SA/NV 
incorporated with limited liability 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Argenta 
Spaarbank SA/NV (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes that rank as senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (the “Senior Preferred Notes”), Euro Medium Term Notes that rank 
as senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and Euro 
Medium Term Notes that rank as subordinated obligations of the Issuer (the “Subordinated Notes” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). It is the 
intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, in certain circumstances, the Senior Preferred Notes shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as 
MREL Eligible instruments (as defined below). 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EU (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus (which 
expression shall include this Base Prospectus (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time by virtue of a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and all documents incorporated by reference herein) has been approved as a base prospectus for the admission of the Notes to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities 
(the “Luxembourg Law on Prospectus”), by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not 
make any representation in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has neither 
reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Notes that are not to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Market”) and for 
which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to any Notes, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and 
together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject 
to the provisions described or incorporated by reference herein. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme for the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Market or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, on a specific segment of the Market (the “Professional Segment”) to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references), except 
where the context otherwise requires, shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the Market or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. 
The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). No certainty can be 
given that the application for the listing of any Notes will be granted. Furthermore, admission of the Notes to the official list and trading on the Market is not an 
indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue 
of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Market or the Professional Segment (or any 
other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and will expire on 24 January 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) and will be represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the National Bank 
of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).  
Each Tranche or Series of Notes may on issuance be assigned a rating by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard 
& Poor’s”) and/or by such other rating agency as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) website (www.esma.europa.eu). Standard & Poor’s is not established 
in the United Kingdom but any ratings it may issue with respect to the Notes will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
A Tranche or Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche or Series of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches or Series of Notes. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van 
economisch recht), as amended. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly prospective investors in the Notes should decide for themselves whether they want to 
invest in the Notes and, as the case may be, obtain advice from a financial intermediary in that respect, in which case the relevant intermediary will have to 
determine whether or not the Notes are a suitable investment for them. 
The issue price and amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions. 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. Before making any investment decision, prospective investors should have regard to the factors described 
under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, setting out certain risks in relation to the Issuer and the Notes. In particular, holders of

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may lose their investment if the Issuer was to become non-viable or the Notes were to be written-down and/or 
converted or (in the case of the Senior Notes) bailed-in.  
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley 
  
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS  
ING 
Morgan Stanley  
 
Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
GENERAL 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA and 
the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation and UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”). Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer in a Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms (“Final Terms”) in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer (as defined in “General description of the 
Programme” below) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This 
Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis of Annexes 7, 15 and 28 to Commission Regulation (EU) 
2019/980. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. This 
Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made, or purported to be made, by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any information supplied in connection with the Programme are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
in connection with the Programme should purchase Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent financial 
statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. Neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers owe any fiduciary duties to any person in connection with this Base Prospectus.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The minimum specified denomination of any Notes shall be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by applicable 
securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions 
expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity 
and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of global economy in 
general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (iv) the 
potential impact of sovereign risk, particularly in certain European Union countries which have recently come 
under market pressure; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to 
meet their obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, 
and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and 
monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement 
procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business and practices in one or 
more of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other 
contingencies; and (xii) the Issuer’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
Any information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced and as far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party 
information is identified where used.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER 
OF THE NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers or the Arranger represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger which is intended to permit an offer to the public of the Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”) ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY 
OTHER U.S. OR STATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.  
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Arranger nor the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether 
such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainability" or similar 
labels. None of the Arranger nor the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds.  
No representation or assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes.  
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website relating to the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework and the information in the Green Bond Framework and any second party opinion is not part 
of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision 
with respect to the Notes. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger,

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of the Notes. Any such opinion, 
report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion for the purpose 
of any investment in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of Notes constitutes 
an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (“Eligible Investors”) holding their 
Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant 
in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. A 
distributor subject to MiFID II is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Benchmark Regulation – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes or the Resettable Notes (as the case may be) may be calculated 
by reference to EURIBOR (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR) 
is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the section “General description of the Programme - 
Method of Issue”) of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
CURRENCIES 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, “EUR” 
and “€” are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 44 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .............................................................................................. 46 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 50 
CLEARING ........................................................................................................................................................ 100 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 101 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 102 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION ............................................... 132 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ............................................................................ 133 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES  ....................................................................................................... 134 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 140 
FATCA WITHHOLDING.................................................................................................................................. 141 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 142 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 147 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 165

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (as amended, the “Delegated Regulation”). 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined 
or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meaning in this overview. 
 
Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank NV (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” and the 
“Issuer”). 
Issuer's legal entity identifier ("LEI") 
A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65 
Information relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a credit institution incorporated as a limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) of unlimited 
duration incorporated under Belgian law, having its registered 
office at Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered 
with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0404.453.574, RPR/RPM Antwerp, division Antwerp. 
Website of the Issuer 
www.argenta.eu  
The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has otherwise 
expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Parent 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV, a mixed financial 
holding company pursuant to Article 3, 39° of the Belgian 
Banking Law, incorporated as a limited liability company under 
the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Belgiëlei 49-
53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises under number 0475.525.276, RPR/RPM 
Antwerp, division Antwerp. 
Information relating to the Programme 
Size 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
ING Bank N.V. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, Belgium branch, or any other entity appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer as the Paying Agent or an additional 
Paying Agent pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
either in respect of the Programme, generally, or in respect of a 
particular issuance of Notes, in which case a different Paying 
Agent may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Agency Agreement 
The amended and restated agency agreement between the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent and the Listing Agent dated 24 January 2023. 
Method of Issue 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) (or identical other 
than in respect of the issue price and/or the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest, principal amount of the Tranche and/or the 
Temporary ISIN Code and Temporary Common Code (if any and 
as defined in the relevant Final Terms), will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations) via the book-entry system maintained in the records 
of the Securities Settlement System (as defined below). 
Clearing Systems 
The settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium 
or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).  
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Notes and through 
other national or international NBB investors central securities 
depositories (“NBB investor (I)CSDs”)1. Participants in the 
Securities Settlement System include certain banks, stockbrokers 
(beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
(“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Euronext 
Securities 
Milan”), 
Euroclear 
France 
SA 
(“Euroclear France”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext Securities 
Porto”) and LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”). Accordingly, the Notes 
will be eligible to clear through, and therefore accepted by, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD and 
                                                     
1  
The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website of 
the NBB: https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds. The information contained on the website of the National Bank of 
Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
investors can hold their interests in the Notes within securities 
accounts in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs, or other 
participants in the Securities Settlement System. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
Notes will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities 
Settlement System by Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Porto and LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other 
Securities Settlement System participants. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives (including the rules of the Securities Settlement 
System), Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, each Note will have the maturity as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Unless otherwise permitted, Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 
2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
Denomination 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate payable in arrear 
on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If an indication of yield is included in the relevant Final Terms, 
the yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated 
on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. It 
is not an indication of future yield. 
Resettable Notes 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the dates specified in the Final 
Terms at the initial rate specified in the Final Terms, and thereafter 
the rate may be reset with respect to a specified time period by 
reference to the prevailing Mid-Swap Rate. The rate of interest 
may be reset on more than one occasion. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
ISDA Definitions (as defined below), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR (or such other benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) as adjusted 
for any applicable margin as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum or Minimum Rates of Interest 
Floating Rate Notes may specify a Maximum Rate of Interest or a 
Minimum Rate of Interest, or both, as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. If a Maximum Rate of Interest is specified, 
then the interest payable will in no case be higher than such rate 
and if a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified, then the interest 
payable will in no case be lower than such rate. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and Floating 
to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which bear a fixed rate 
of interest in respect of certain Interest Periods and a floating rate 
of interest in respect of other Interest Periods, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a price which is at a discount 
to their principal amount, and will not bear interest. 
Redemption 
Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% per Calculation 
Amount, or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that the amount so specified 
shall be at least 100% per Calculation Amount.  
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer, and if so, 
the terms applicable to such redemption shall be as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of such Notes, in accordance with the 
elections made in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity for tax 
reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(e)”. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
may also be subject to a mandatory early redemption (i) in respect 
of Subordinated Notes only, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(d)”), or (ii) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” and 
“Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (where 
“Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms), upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(f)”).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Status of Notes 
The Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior 
Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred notes (the “Senior Non-
Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, 
the “Senior Notes”) or subordinated notes (the “Subordinated 
Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference 
among themselves, and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which 
will fall or be expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, 
(ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and 
any obligations ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to all present and future 
claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the 
Terms and Conditions) (i) only after, and subject to, payment in 
full of any present and future claims as may be preferred by laws 
of general application and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in 
priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
Where: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or 
other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference 
among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer, present and future, (ii) senior to the 
Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and (iii) junior to present and future claims of (a) any 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, and 
(b) all other present and future claims as may be preferred by laws 
of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank 
junior to any claims arising from excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) CRR (the “Excluded Liabilities”). 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid 
interest and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
under the Terms and Conditions) (i) only after, and subject to, 
payment in full of Senior Preferred Obligations (including the 
Excluded Liabilities and any claims for payment of principal or 
interest arising under the Senior Preferred Notes) and other present 
and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or 
otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of 
Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall 
within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of 
the Belgian Banking Law. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) and the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be treated, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations. 
Where:  
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
MREL. 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities” for banking institutions under the Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as set in 
accordance with Article 45 of such Directive (as transposed in 
Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, or 
any successor requirement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
“MREL Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is 
eligible to be counted towards the MREL of the Issuer in 
accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of an order being made, or an effective 
resolution being passed, for the liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up 
of 
the 
Issuer 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a 
solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for the 
purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of 
the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor 
in business of the Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising under 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions) the Subordinated Notes shall, subject to any 
obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and subject to 
national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings of the 
Issuer, rank: 
(A) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors and Ordinarily 
Subordinated Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of 
the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all 
classes of share and other equity capital (including 
preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the claims of 
holders of all obligations or instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute Tier 1 capital of the Issuer, and (c) the 
claims of holders of any other obligations or instruments 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to 
the Subordinated Notes. 
Where: 
“Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the 
Issuer whose claims are in respect of subordinated obligations 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian Banking 
Law. 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
are in respect of obligations which are unsubordinated or which

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to claims of 
Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors and senior to obligations which 
constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes). 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim 
any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by 
virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of such Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of such Note by the 
Issuer is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, unless such 
payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal 
to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its 
winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as 
appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer 
in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
Cross Default 
None 
Negative Pledge 
None 
Ratings 
Each Tranche or Series of Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated by Standard & Poor’s and/or by such other rating agency 
as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a “Rating 
Agency”, together the “Rating Agencies”). 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is 
included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the ESMA’s 
website (www.esma.europa.eu) on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Standard & Poor’s is not established in the United 
Kingdom but any ratings it may issue with respect to the Notes 
will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, 
the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to Notes already issued under the Programme. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation.  
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Belgium unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have 
been received by it had no such withholding been required, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”, 
“Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information” and 
“Belgian Taxation on the Notes”. 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is, 
subject to certain exceptions, no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to resident or non-resident

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident 
Noteholders, as further described in “Luxembourg Taxation on the 
Notes”. 
Governing Law 
Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes of any Series to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments and 
amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU 
(recast), as amended (where it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that such Series of Notes is to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such market). If specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes will be traded only on a specific segment of the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Professional 
Segment”) to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
The CSSF, in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. 
Selling Restrictions 
Belgium, European Economic Area, Italy, Japan, Switzerland, 
United Kingdom and United States. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The debt securities of the Issuer are eligible for Category 2 (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
EEA Retail Investors or UK Retail Investors. See “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold, or otherwise made 
available to, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, in Belgium, to “consumers” (consommateurs/ 
consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van 
Economisch Recht) as amended. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, 
Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax 
holding their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened 
with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in 
the Securities Settlement Systems operated by the NBB.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of an issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may indicate that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from an issue of such Notes shall be specifically applied to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing green loans 
(the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) as defined in, and subject 
to the conditions set out in, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework.  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is publicly available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-
issuance.html). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Investors should have regard to the factors described under the 
section headed “Risk related to the Notes” in the Base Prospectus, 
in particular the risk factor entitled “Specific risks relating to 
Green Bonds”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the Notes should consider carefully, in light of 
the circumstances and their investment objectives, the information contained in this entire Base Prospectus 
(including the documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
This section sets out the risks which the Issuer believes are specific to it and/or to the Notes and which are deemed 
to be material to investors for taking an informed decision in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
this offering. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisers (if they consider it necessary). 
“Argenta Group” means Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries from time to time 
(including the Issuer). 
“Bank Pool” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
1.1 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of market risks, such as interest rate risk and spread risk. 
Interest rate risk is the primary market risk to which the Issuer is exposed. Changes in the levels of 
interest rates can have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Issuer and the market values of its 
investments. A major component of the Issuer’s business strategy consists of attracting short to medium-
term funds (primarily via savings deposits placed by retail customers, but also via wholesale funding), 
and investing these through a variety of loans and investments. The terms of these reinvestments do not 
necessarily match with the duration of the short to medium-term funds that were attracted. The impact 
on earnings and market values of interest rate changes depends on the size of the duration mismatch 
between assets and liabilities, and the existence of embedded options on the balance sheet.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The Issuer has a strong concentration of regulated saving accounts in Belgium. Under Belgian law, the 
Issuer is required to pay a minimum guaranteed interest rate on regulated saving accounts. As a result, 
the Issuer may not be able to fully translate a decrease in market interest rates in the pricing of its saving 
accounts, which may negatively affect its net interest rate margin.  
The Issuer provides mortgage loans to Belgian retail clients who are allowed to prepay, under Belgian 
law, the outstanding capital at a fixed penalty. In case of decreasing interest rates there is a risk that the 
fixed penalty (which is an amount fixed by the Applicable Banking Regulation (as defined below)) does 
not compensate fully the Issuer for the future earning losses that the Issuer will incur in case of 
prepayment of loans by customers.  
The Issuer uses a range of instruments and strategies to partly hedge against interest rate risks. If these 
instruments and strategies prove ineffective or only partially effective, the Issuer may suffer losses. 
Unforeseen market developments may significantly reduce the effectiveness of measures taken by the 
Issuer to hedge such risks. Gains and losses from ineffective risk-hedging measures may heighten the 
volatility of results achieved by the Issuer and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit spread risk through its investment portfolio. Fluctuations in credit spreads 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of debt securities in the Issuer’s investment portfolio. 
Depending on the accounting treatment of these instruments, these market value fluctuations may affect 
the capital position of the Issuer.  
1.2 
Risks affecting the Issuer’s procurement of liquidity  
The procurement of liquidity for the Issuer’s operations and access to long term finance is crucial to 
achieve the Issuer’s strategic goals, as they enable the Issuer to meet payment obligations in cash and on 
delivery, scheduled or unscheduled, so as not to prejudice the Issuer’s activities or financial situation. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that an insufficient amount of assets can be realised in order to repay financial 
liabilities at the moment these become due. Although the Issuer believes it currently has a satisfactory 
liquidity position, its procurement of liquidity could be adversely impacted by: 
− 
substantial outflows in deposits; 
− 
an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. the default of a loan; 
− 
the risk that assets may be liquidated only at a serious discount due to a lack of interested 
counterparties on the market; 
− 
the inability to access the debt market, sell products or refinance existing obligations as a result 
of the deterioration of market conditions, a lack of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty 
and speculation regarding the solvency of the Issuer, a rating downgrade of the Issuer, and/or 
operational problems; 
− 
substantial outflow of liquidity due to fluctuations in collateral requirements related to 
derivative transactions in the context of hedging arrangements. 
The inability of the Issuer to raise required funds on terms that are favourable to the Issuer, difficulties 
in obtaining long-term financings on terms which are favourable to the Issuer or addressing the 
consequences of substantial outflows could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. In this respect, the adoption of liquidity requirements under Basel III and CRD IV 
(as defined below) must also be taken into account since these could give rise to an increased competition 
leading to an increase in the costs of attracting necessary deposits and funding.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Furthermore, protracted market declines can reduce the liquidity of markets that are typically liquid. If, 
in the course of its activities, the Issuer requires significant amounts of cash on short notice (in excess of 
anticipated cash requirements), the Issuer may have difficulty selling investments at attractive prices, in 
a timely manner, or both. In such circumstances, market operators may fall back on support from central 
banks and governments by pledging securities as collateral. Unavailability of liquidity through such 
measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures could result in a reduced availability of 
liquidity on the market and higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity when needed, thereby 
adversely affecting the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The inability of a financial institution, including the respective entities of the Issuer, to anticipate and 
take into account unforeseen falls or changes in its sources of financing can affect such a financial 
institution’s ability to fulfil its obligations when they fall due. 
1.3 
As a large credit institution, the Issuer’s business is subject to credit risk  
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty cannot meet its payment obligations. This can be as a result of 
the insolvency of a customer or a counterparty or otherwise. This risk arises in both traditional loan 
portfolios as well as investment portfolios. Any adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers, counterparties or other obligors could affect the recoverability and value of its assets.  
The Issuer’s assets are highly concentrated in lending to private individuals, more specifically mortgage 
loans to individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands (as at 30 June 2022, the book value exposures of 
mortgage loans stood at EUR 17.6 billion and EUR 19.2 billion respectively, or 34% and 37% of the 
total balance sheet respectively). In addition, the Issuer is also diversifying its loan portfolio into lending 
to Belgian local governments and real estate counterparties. Any adverse shock in these markets, such as 
declining residential real estate prices, could negatively affect the results of the Issuer’s credit portfolio 
because of the impact on the recovery value of the collateral. All this could be further exacerbated in the 
event of a prolonged economic downturn or worsening market conditions. The consequences of rising 
inflation, the economic and financial fall-out of the war in Ukraine, a decrease in the credit quality of 
borrowers and counterparties of the Issuer, a general deterioration of the Belgian, Dutch or global 
economic condition or a decrease caused by systemic risks can each affect the recoverability of 
outstanding loans and the value of the Issuer’s assets. It can also require an increase of the provision for 
Non-Performing Loans, as well as other provisions. Any increase in provision for loan losses, any loan 
losses in excess of the previously determined provisions or changes to estimates of the risk of loss 
inherent in the portfolio of non-impaired loans could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operation or financial condition. 
The Issuer holds a diversified portfolio of market securities in its investment portfolio (as at 
30 June 2022, the book value stood at EUR 9.2 billion or 18% of the total balance sheet). These 
counterparties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, 
downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons. Other parties to 
which the Issuer is exposed include, among others, counterparties under swaps and other derivative 
contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, guarantors and other financial intermediaries.  
The performance of the Issuer is thus primarily affected by the level and the cyclical nature of the 
business activities (investment services) in Belgium and the Netherlands, which in turn are influenced 
by domestic and international economic and political events. 
1.4 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to business risk, model risk and climate 
risk  
Business risk is the risk that current and future earnings, and capital levels will be affected by changes 
in business volumes or by changes in margins and costs. Both of these can be caused by external market 
conditions and/or the inability of the Issuer as an organisation to respond to these. This risk also takes

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
into account poor diversification of earnings or the inability to maintain a sufficient and reasonable level 
of profitability. 
Because of the strong concentration in mortgage loans to retail clients in the Belgian and Dutch retail 
markets the Issuer is exposed to adverse developments in these markets. This includes the risk that target 
production volumes cannot be reached, or a decrease in the commercial margins is observed, as a result 
of increased market competition or other adverse events. 
Model risk is the risk of decisions and calculations being related to the erroneous development, 
implementation and/or wrong usage of models. Model risk is managed by adopting the principles and 
controls set forth by the model risk management framework (“MRMF”). 
Climate risk can be split between physical climate risk (more frequent or severe weather events like 
flooding, drought or storms, changes in the weather pattern or the rise in sea levels) and transition risk 
(changes in client and market behaviour, policy, technology and legislation related to moving to a less 
polluting, greener economy). The Issuer considers climate risk as part of the financial risks to which it is 
exposed and which could have an impact on the management and value of its retail portfolio and its 
investment portfolio.  
Business risk, model risk and climate risk could have an adverse effect on the earnings and capital 
position of the Issuer and its financial condition.  
2. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic environment 
There is a potential recession caused by high inflation and rising interest rates as well as geopolitical 
shocks (such as the war in Ukraine that started in February 2022).  
It is expected that this crisis will have an impact on credit losses in the coming years. Especially the 
potential increase in unemployment rates and decrease in house prices could weigh negatively on 
expected credit losses. 
Given the uncertainty surrounding the further evolution of the fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
war in Ukraine, it is impossible at any given time to make a reliable estimate of what the consequences 
will be for the global economy and, more specifically, for the Issuer. The Issuer is closely monitoring the 
situation and it is adopting a cautious and conservative approach. As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (IRB approach and phased in) amounted to 22.4% and the Issuer’s Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) amounted to 197% and its Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) amounted to 
145%. Depending on future developments relating to the economic and health impact of those crises, 
there could be a material and adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
Noteholders should be aware that the risks linked to the war in Ukraine can also have an adverse influence 
on the other risks described hereafter.  
3. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business operations 
3.1 
The Issuer has to contend with operational/non-financial risks, including fraudulent and other criminal 
activities (both internal and external), breakdowns in processes or procedures and systems failure or 
non-availability  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of non-financial risks such as compliance risk, legal risk, human 
resources risk, business continuity risk, (out)sourcing risk, brand & sustainability risk, strategic and 
change risk, risk in processes, information security & cyber risk, fraud risk, IT risk and data related risks.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
On the other hand, the Issuer needs to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, accurately 
and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Potential non-financial 
risks include violation of the money laundering legislation, breach of confidentiality obligations and the 
execution of unauthorised transactions. Non-financial risks and losses result from inadequate or failed 
internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal requirements), human actions (including 
fraud, employee errors), systems failure, or due to external events (such as cybercrime, breaches of data 
security, natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including those of the Issuer’s suppliers 
or counterparties). The consequences of these may extend to financial or reputational loss, as well as loss 
of data. Additionally, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the Issuer’s operations and results. 
The Issuer expects that non-financial risks will gradually become more important in the Issuer’s various 
businesses, owing to, amongst other things, the rapidly changing technological environment, the 
increasing complexity, as well as a general trend towards outsourcing of non-core business activities. 
The information security & cyber and data protection risk is a specific risk to which the Issuer is exposed. 
The Issuer processes significant volumes of personal data relating to customers as part of its business, 
some of which may also be classified under legislation as sensitive personal data. The Issuer must 
therefore comply with strict data protection and privacy laws and regulations and bears the risk of 
penalties if it does not comply with the standards as set by General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, such as a personal data breach, meaning a breach of security leading to the accidental or 
unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, 
stored or otherwise processed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer also faces the risk of a breach in the security of its information and communications 
technology (“ICT”) systems, for example from increasingly sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups. 
In recent years, financial institutions have been impacted by a number of cyber incidents.  
Data breaches or cyber-crimes could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s reputation and on its 
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
4. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
4.1 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of having insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory 
capital requirements  
Under Basel II and III, capital requirements are inherently more sensitive to market movements compared 
to previous regimes. Capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or negative trends in the 
financial markets worsen. Any failure of the Issuer to maintain its minimum regulatory capital ratios 
could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on 
the Issuer’s results of operations. A shortage of available capital may restrict the Issuer’s opportunities 
for expansion. 
Please refer to the section “Banking Supervision” on page 126 for a more detailed overview of the 
applicable legal and regulatory framework.  
4.2 
Increased and changing regulations of the financial services industry may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer  
Wherever the Issuer operates, it is subject to laws, regulations, administrative measures, and policies 
governing financial services. Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the 
activities, products, and services that the Issuer offers, or the value of its assets. Current regulation and 
future regulatory developments could have an adverse impact on the business of the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Significant regulatory developments have taken place in response to the global financial crisis, including 
various initiatives and measures by the EU and individual national governments, the stress test 
coordinated by the European Banking Authority in collaboration with the ECB and liquidity risk 
assessments at European and national level. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer may 
adversely impact the Issuer, its business, financial condition or results of operation. A non-exhaustive 
overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, such as changes to the prudential 
requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set 
out in section “Description of the Issuer” on page 102. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny applied by governments and 
regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services 
industry in recent years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the Issuer to take additional 
measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors regulatory developments, 
there can be no assurance that additional regulatory or capital requirements will not have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer, or its business, financial condition or business results. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of these new standards, or any other new regulation, 
will not require the Issuer to issue securities that qualify as regulatory capital, or to liquidate assets or 
curtail business, all of which may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition or business 
results. 
The business operations of the Issuer are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies and interpretations in Belgium and other 
countries in which the Issuer operates. 
Changes in supervision and regulation could materially affect the Issuer’s business, products and services 
offered by it, or the value of its assets. In addition, the level of supervision by the governments and 
supervisory authorities and the enforcement of the applicable rules seem to have increased with the start 
of the global economic crisis, combined with increased pressure to impose further regulation and levies 
on the financial services sector. There can be no assurance that such increased scrutiny or charges will 
not require the Issuer to take additional measures, which in turn may have adverse effects on its business, 
financial condition or business results. 
With regard to taxation, the Issuer’s structure entails that a major part of the funding of the Issuer 
(including the branch office in the Netherlands) is stemming from deposits, which makes the Issuer 
sensitive to changes in Deposit Guarantee Scheme (“DGS”) contributions and bank levies.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
1.1 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes 
non-viable or if the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose some or all of their investment as a result of a statutory 
write-down or conversion of the Subordinated Notes if the Issuer fails or is likely to fail, becomes 
non-viable, requires extraordinary public support or if otherwise the conditions for the exercise of 
resolution powers are met. 
Under the act of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions (the “Belgian Banking 
Law”) and Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and the Council (“Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation” or “SRMR”), the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined 
below) may decide to write-down the Subordinated Notes or to convert the Subordinated Notes into 
common equity tier 1 capital of the Issuer if one or more of the following circumstances apply: 
(a) 
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution 
specified in Article 244, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law; i.e., if the national resolution authority 
considers that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the 
relevant regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting 
each other), which means that one or more of the following circumstances are present: 
(A) 
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination 
that the Issuer will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorisation in a way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation 
by the competent authority, including but not limited to because the Issuer 
has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant 
amount of its own funds; 
(B) 
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a 
determination that the assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than 
its liabilities; 
(C) 
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the Issuer will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities 
as they fall due; or 
(D) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(ii) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in 
respect of the Issuer would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(iii) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest; a resolution action will be deemed 
necessary in the public interest if it is necessary to meet one or more objectives referred 
to in Article 243, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law and a liquidation of the credit 
institution would not allow such objectives to be met in the same measure,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
in which case the Relevant Resolution Authority shall, in any event, exercise its write-down and 
conversion powers before taking any resolution action (including the use of the bail-in tool); 
(b) 
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that unless the write-down or conversion power 
is exercised in relation to the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer be viable; or 
(c) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must exercise its powers in accordance with the requirements laid 
down in the Belgian Banking Law. More specifically, article 252 of the Belgian Banking Law provides 
that the Relevant Resolution Authority must apply the write-down and conversion powers in accordance 
with the ranking of the respective instruments in liquidation proceedings, and article 267/8, §1 of the 
Belgian Banking Law provides the order in which eligible liabilities should be converted or written down 
in case the Relevant Resolution Authority decides to apply the bail-in tool. Tier 2 capital instruments of 
the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) will only be converted or written down following 
conversion or write-down of the Tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer, but before all subordinated debt 
and other eligible liabilities of the Issuer that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments of the Issuer at 
the time of resolution. 
When the Relevant Resolution Authority decides to write down the principal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes (in whole or in part), article 253 of the Belgian Banking Law provides that, in principle, the effects 
of such write-down are permanent, the Issuer no longer has any obligation to the relevant Noteholders in 
connection with the amount so written down (excluding any obligations which have already become due 
and payable and any liability resulting from a judicial review of the legality of the decision to write-down 
the Subordinated Notes), and the Issuer owes no compensation to the relevant Noteholders (except that 
they may receive CET1 instruments in exchange/through conversion of (part) of their Notes in 
accordance with article 254 of the Belgian Banking Law). 
The purpose of the statutory write-down and conversion powers is to ensure that the Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses if one or more of 
the above circumstances apply and before any resolution action (including the use of the bail-in tool) is 
taken. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its write-down or conversion powers in relation to 
the Subordinated Notes, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Subordinated Notes and could lead to the holders of Subordinated Notes losing some 
or all of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, prior to the opening of any resolution proceedings, the Relevant Resolution Authority has 
the power to suspend any payment or delivery obligation arising from a contract to which a credit 
institution is a party when the conditions set out in Article 244/2 of the Belgian Banking law are met. 
The legal basis for any resolution decisions taken by the SRB is the SRMR, which mirrors certain 
provisions of the BRRD. Any reference in this Base Prospectus to the provisions of the Belgian Banking 
Law implementing the BRRD must be read as also referring to the corresponding provisions in the 
SRMR, where relevant. 
1.2 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes 
Given the entry into force of the bail-in regime, holders of Senior Notes may lose some or all of their 
investment (including outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the “bail-in” resolution tool.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
The Relevant Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) senior debt (such 
as the Senior Notes) and other eligible liabilities after having written down or converted Tier 1 capital 
instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). The bail-in power enables 
the Relevant Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses to its 
shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in a manner which is consistent 
with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. Under such hierarchy, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down or converted before the Senior Preferred Notes. 
The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes 
of deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability from 
one form to another. 
In summary (and subject to the implementing rules), the Relevant Resolution Authority is able to exercise 
its bail-in powers if the following (cumulative) conditions are met: 
(a) 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the relevant 
regulator, which means that one or more of the following circumstances are present: 
(i) 
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
Issuer will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in 
a way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent 
authority, including but not limited to because the Issuer has incurred or is likely to 
incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a determination 
that the assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
(iii) 
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer 
will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; 
(iv) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of the Issuer would 
prevent the failure of the Issuer within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit 
institutions if a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, converted 
or bailed in or, by way of derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation is equal 
to an amount not less than 20% of risk-weighted assets and certain additional conditions are met. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its bail-in powers in relation to the Senior Notes, 
or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Senior Notes and could lead to the holders of Senior Notes losing some or all of their investment in the 
Senior Notes. 
1.3 
It is likely that any securities the Noteholders will receive upon the exercise of the bail-in power will not 
be listed 
To the extent the Subordinated Notes are converted or written-down, or the Senior Notes are bailed-in 
(i.e. written down or converted) pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law or otherwise, the Issuer does not 
expect any securities issued upon conversion of the Notes to meet the listing requirements of any 
securities exchange, and the Issuer expects outstanding listed securities to be delisted from the securities

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
exchanges on which they are listed. It is likely that any securities the Noteholders will receive upon the 
exercise of the bail-in power will not be listed for at least an extended period of time, if at all. 
Additionally, there may be limited, if any, disclosure with respect to the business, operations or financial 
statements of the Issuer at the time any securities are issued upon conversion of the Notes, or the 
disclosure may not be current to reflect changes in the business, operations or financial statements as a 
result of the exercise of the write-down, conversion or bail-in power. As a result, there may not be an 
active market for any securities Noteholders may hold after the exercise of the write-down, conversion 
or bail-in powers. 
1.4 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated  
As more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will (subject to any obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law and subject to national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings of 
the Issuer) rank: 
(a) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors and Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors of the Issuer 
(i.e., creditors holding claims that, in accordance with their terms, rank or are expressed to rank 
senior to obligations which constitute Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, 
the Subordinated Notes) and claims in respect of subordinated obligations which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian 
Banking Law); 
(b) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and pari passu with the claims of holders of 
all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all classes of share and other equity capital 
(including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the claims of holders of all obligations 
or instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 capital of the Issuer, and (c) the claims of 
holders of any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer which are or are expressed to be 
subordinated to the Subordinated Notes.  
The Subordinated Notes will generally pay a higher rate of interest than comparable securities that are 
not subordinated. However, there is an increased risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose 
all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer, payment of the principal amount to a holder of 
Subordinated Notes will, by virtue of such subordination, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, other 
unsubordinated rights and claims and higher ranking subordinated claims have been satisfied in full. If 
any such event occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay 
amounts due and payable under the Subordinated Notes. A holder of Subordinated Notes may therefore 
recover less than the holders of unsubordinated or prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. 
According to Article 48(7) of the BRRD II (as transposed into Belgian law by article 389/1 of the Belgian 
Banking Law), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the 
meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes for so long as they are fully or partially 
recognised own funds instruments) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This would entail that, 
regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised as an own 
funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially 
recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims 
arise from liabilities that are not or no longer fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
(within the meaning of the CRR , and which could include some series of Subordinated Notes if they are 
no longer so recognised) in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes which continue 
to be partially recognised as own funds instruments at the time of the opening of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy procedure.  
1.5 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue, which ranks 
pari passu with or senior to the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by investors upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to 
deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction 
of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the 
Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.6 
The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer, provided 
that Subordinated Notes may as a general rule and subject to certain other exceptions (see below) only 
be redeemed by the Issuer after five years following the Issue Date of the last Tranche of a Series of 
Subordinated Notes. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem the Notes, the 
market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. In addition, Noteholders will not receive a make-whole amount or any other compensation in 
the event of an early redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes, subject to meeting relevant conditions in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms). Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Notes early if, as a result of a Tax Law Change (as defined in 
Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event)), it becomes obliged to pay additional 
amounts or (where “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) it 
can no longer deduct payments in respect of the Notes for Belgian income tax purposes. On the 
occurrence of any such Tax Event (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Event)), the Issuer may at its option (but subject to certain conditions, including, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, set out in Condition 3(h) 
(Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase)) redeem all, but not some only, of any relevant 
Series of Notes at the applicable Tax Event Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(e) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event)) together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
The redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, or the (perceived) prospect of such 
redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Redemption of certain Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Final Terms for such Series of Notes specify 
either “Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” 
or “Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” 
as being applicable, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of such outstanding Notes at the 
MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(f) (Redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon subject to Condition 3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase). 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time all or part of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) of a Series or of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, either by reason of (i) a change in the Applicable MREL Regulations (or the application or 
official interpretation of such regulations) or (ii) the Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective, 
except where such non-qualification (a) was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche 
of Notes or (b) is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations or (c) is due to any restriction on the amount of liabilities that can 
count as MREL-Eligible Instruments or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or (e) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) is due to the relevant Senior Preferred Notes not 
meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer. 
The redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, or the (perceived) 
prospect of such redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
If at any time a Capital Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes and the relevant Final Terms for such Series of Subordinated Notes specify that the 
Issuer has an option to redeem such Subordinated Notes in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem 
all (but not some only) of such outstanding Subordinated Notes at the Capital Disqualification Event 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued and 
unpaid interest (if any) thereon subject to Condition 3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and 
purchase). 
A Capital Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer determines, in good faith, 
and after consultation with the ECB, NBB or any successor entity primarily responsible for the prudential 
supervision of the Issuer (the “Lead Regulator”), that by reason of a change (or a prospective change 
which the Lead Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) to the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes, at any time after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, the Subordinated Notes 
cease (or would cease) to be included, in whole or in part, in or count towards the Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer on a solo and/or consolidated basis (having done so before the Capital Disqualification Event 
occurring) (excluding, for these purposes, any non-recognition as a result of applicable regulatory 
amortisation in the five years immediately preceding maturity).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
The redemption of the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, or 
the (perceived) prospect of such redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
1.7 
Issuer substitution 
If Condition 7 (Substitution of the Issuer) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as the principal debtor under 
the Notes a substitute company, provided that certain preconditions set out under Condition 7 
(Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are fulfilled. Notwithstanding each 
of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such substitution, there can be no guarantee that any 
such substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes and subsequently lead to losses 
for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes. 
1.8 
There are no events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) 
allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of the Subordinated Notes or (if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Senior 
Preferred Notes if certain events occur 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes and (if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Senior Preferred Notes do not provide for events of default (other than in the event of a 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer as provided in Condition 11(a) (Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default:) allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes if certain events occur. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest, 
investors will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy 
available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest 
on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
1.9 
Substitution and variation relating to certain Senior Preferred Notes, to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
to Subordinated Notes 
If specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (in case of Subordinated Notes), the Issuer 
may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, either substitute the relevant Notes 
then outstanding or vary their terms, so that they become or remain Qualifying Securities (see Condition 
6(d) (Certain Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: Substitution 
and Variation)). If the Issuer has not opted to substitute or vary the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or as the case may be the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event (in case of the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be) or a Capital Disqualification Event 
(in case of Subordinated Notes) (if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the relevant 
Notes may be redeemed early (in whole but not in part) at the Issuer’s sole option (subject to Condition 
3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase)) at a price that can be lower than the price at 
which the relevant Notes were purchased.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
While the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes, if any, will be the same for all holders of 
such Notes, some Noteholders may be more impacted than others. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding any such substituted notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders 
from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution. 
1.10 
The market value for Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor can be volatile  
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include such 
features. 
Moreover, the reference rate could be zero or even negative. Even if the relevant reference rate becomes 
negative, it will still remain the basis for the calculation of the interest rate, and a margin, if applicable, 
will be added to such negative interest rate. 
1.11 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes, on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other, is 
that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments bearing fixed 
interest rate. 
1.12 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to greater price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of interest-bearing Notes because the discounted issue prices can be substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes 
having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type 
of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
1.13 
Risks relating to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” may bear interest at a 
rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market for, and the 
market value of, such Notes, since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its other Notes. 
1.14 
The reset of the rate of interest of Resettable Notes may affect the secondary market for and the market 
value of such Notes 
In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset 
by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset 
dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 2(b) (Rate 
of Interest on Resettable Notes). The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may 
affect the secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset 
of the rate of interest applicable to the Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
1.15 
Fluctuating market value for Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
1.16 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to Issuer risk 
As purchasers of foreign currency Notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange 
rates. This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the Issuer or the type of Note being 
issued. 
1.17 
Modifications, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders, as well 
as the possibility of written resolutions or electronic consents by the Noteholders, to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Terms and Conditions and/or the 
substitution of the Issuer. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or provide 
their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution.. Investors might therefore be bound 
by certain amendments to the Notes to which they did not consent. In addition, pursuant to Condition 
2(p) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation and related provisions of the Resettable Notes and Floating Rate Notes, as well as to the 
Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the 
requirement for the consent of the Noteholders.  
1.18 
Additional Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute senior non-preferred 
obligations within the meaning of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. While the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by their terms are expressed to be direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the Issuer, they nonetheless rank junior in priority of 
payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer in the case of liquidation. The Issuer’s senior 
preferred obligations include all of its deposit obligations, its obligations in respect of derivatives and 
other financial contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities (including the Senior Preferred Notes), any 
(other) excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) CRR and all unsubordinated or senior 
debt securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior non-preferred obligations. 
There is no restriction on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional senior preferred obligations. As a 
consequence, if the Issuer enters into liquidation proceedings, it will be required to pay substantial 
amounts of senior preferred obligations before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes) will be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or 
conversion into equity securities or other instruments, in the order of priority that would apply in

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
liquidation proceedings. Because senior non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes rank junior to senior preferred obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down 
or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred obligations were written down or 
converted. For more information on this risk, see risk factor “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible 
liabilities, including the Senior Notes” on page 28 and following. 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of 
senior preferred obligations, and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were 
to enter into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes contain very limited covenants 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may 
issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or on the amount of securities it may issue that 
rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact 
the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon resolution or liquidation of the Issuer. In addition, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit 
its ability or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use 
cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, 
repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the 
Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
1.19 
Specific risks relating to Green Bonds 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
or sustainable assets and may not meet investor expectations or requirements. Any failure to use the net 
proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects, and/or any 
failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused 
investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
sustainable assets.  
The Issuer has established a green bond framework (the “Green Bond Framework”) under which it can 
issue Green Bonds and the Green Bond Framework is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-issuance.html).  
The Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an 
independent opinion (a “Compliance Opinion”) confirming that the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is 
aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
On 11 January 2022 Sustainalytics issued such Compliance Opinion in respect of the alignment of the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (2021).  However, there is no 
assurance that this Compliance Opinion will remain valid and there is no obligation for the Issuer to 
obtain an updated opinion.  Furthermore, the Compliance Opinion could be withdrawn or become 
outdated. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor the Arranger make any representation as to the suitability for any 
purpose of any Compliance Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant present or future 
environmental and sustainability criteria or guidelines with which an investor or its investments is or are 
required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or 
sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework 
and/or any relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer or any other person that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Bonds will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or 
all investor expectations regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called 
"EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework and/or any relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects and eligibility criteria 
described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the relevant Final terms (if applicable). Each 
potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of 
proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation and due diligence 
as it deems necessary. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or 
impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green or sustainable 
projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), it would not (a) be an event of default under the Green 
Bonds which would entitle the Noteholders to accelerate the Notes; (b) give rise to any other claim or 
right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green 
Bonds against the Issuer; (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect 
of any Notes, or (d) impact the regulatory treatment of the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to 
comply with such obligation or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; (ii) the Compliance Opinion were to be withdrawn or be no longer valid or renewed and/or 
(iii) there would be a lack of eligible green assets in which the Issuer may invest. For the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal and/or interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio nor have any preferred right against 
such assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds towards financing or 
refinancing of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmental focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds 
may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be subject to statutory write-down or conversion, bail-in 
and resolution actions provided by the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in Belgium in 
the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds 
qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their “green” label. As to such statutory write-down or conversion, bail-in and resolution 
actions, see the risk factors “Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event 
the Issuer becomes non viable or if the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met” on page 
27 of this Base Prospectus and “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior 
Notes” on page 28 of this Base Prospectus. Additionally, the labelling of any series of Notes as Green 
Bonds (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 instruments or eligible liabilities 
for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
eligible to comply with MREL or Tier 2 capital requirements; and (ii) will not have any impact on their 
status and subordination as indicated in Condition 6.  
The occurrence of any of the above factors may cause damage to the Issuer’s reputation and may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes issued as Green Bonds and also potentially the value 
of any other Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (which consequences may include the need to sell

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
such Notes issued as Green Bonds as a result of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment 
criteria or mandate). 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any compliance opinion/second party opinion  
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, including 
the Compliance Opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, the Compliance Opinion or any other such opinion 
or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. The Compliance Opinion or any other such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No Event of Default  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds for Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio as described in the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation on it to do 
so.  
There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be available or capable of 
being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use such 
amounts for such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
failure by the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
to report on the use of such amounts or Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as anticipated or a failure of a third 
party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or 
the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding 
any "green" or similar labels will not constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to 
any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
2. 
Risks in connection with the status of the investor 
2.1 
No tax gross-up protection for Non-Eligible Investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not require the Issuer to gross-up the net payments received 
by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with any amounts withheld or deducted for Belgian tax purposes 
if the Noteholder (i) was not, at the time of the acquisition of the Notes, an eligible investor within the 
meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (an 
“Eligible Investor”) or (ii) was, at the time of acquisition of the Notes, an Eligible Investor but, for 
reasons within the holder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, (iii) at any relevant time on or 
after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of 
Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions with certain 
securities (each a “Non-Eligible Investor”). 
If the Issuer, the NBB, the Paying Agent or any other person is required to make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in 
respect of any payment in respect of Notes held by Non-Eligible Investors, the Issuer, the NBB, the 
Paying Agent or that other person shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been 
made and will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors holding their Notes in 
an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant 
in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
2.2 
Tax risk 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus but 
to consult their own independent tax advisers regarding their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware 
that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment, which will apply at any given time. 
This risk factor has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
2.3 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency or the 
Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the equivalent yield on the 
Notes in the Investor’s Currency, (ii) the equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes in the 
Investor’s Currency and (iii) the equivalent market value of the Notes in the Investor’s Currency. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3. 
Other risks 
3.1 
A holder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the Notes. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as 
a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional — domestic or foreign — parties 
are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in 
foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage 
fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), Noteholders must also 
take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Notes before investing in the Notes. 
3.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Any Series of Notes will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application may be made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Market, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted, that an active trading market will develop or that any listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained. Notes may also be issued on an unlisted basis. Accordingly, there is no assurance as 
to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes, nor that such 
application for any listing or admission to trading will be maintained in respect of every Tranche of 
Notes. 
3.3 
The Notes are not covered by any government compensation or insurance scheme and do not have the 
benefit of any government guarantee 
An investment in the Notes will not be covered by any compensation or insurance scheme of any 
government agency of Belgium or any other jurisdiction, and the Notes do not have the benefit of any 
government guarantee. The Notes are the Issuer’s obligation only and Noteholders must solely look to 
the Issuer for the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. In the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency, a holder may lose all or some of its investment in the Notes. 
The Notes are not covered by the “Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme” as established 
by the Act of 17 December 1998 on the establishment of a deposit and financial instrument protection 
scheme, nor are they covered by the “Special protection funds for deposits and life insurances”, as 
established by Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 14 November 2008 on measures to promote financial 
stability and, in particular, to set up a State guarantee for loans granted and other transactions in the 
context of financial stability, as regards the protection of deposits, life insurance and the capital of 
authorised cooperative societies. Accordingly, the Notes will not be repaid, recovered or refunded by the 
“Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme”, nor by the “Special protection funds for deposits 
and life insurances”. 
3.4 
Notes issued under the Programme may be assigned a credit rating upon issuance. Credit ratings may 
not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
There is no guarantee that any ratings will be assigned or maintained. Furthermore, the ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors (including a change of control affecting the Issuer) that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating 
or the assignment of an unfavourable rating by a rating agency could adversely affect the trading price 
for the Notes. 
If any credit rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may 
reduce. 
3.5 
The Paying Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through 
the Securities Settlement System and Noteholders may be subject to insolvency risks of the Securities 
Settlement System and/or its (sub)-participants through which they hold Notes 
The Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) provides that the Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will debit the relevant account of the Issuer 
and use such funds to make payment to the Noteholders.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
The Notes will be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement 
System and access is available through its Securities Settlement System participants whose membership 
extends to securities such as the Notes. Anyone who is not a participant in the Securities Settlement 
System that wants to invest in the Notes, must do so through a participant or a sub-participant. The Issuer 
relies on the Paying Agent to enter the relevant Notes in the Securities Settlement System and to receive 
and make payments through the Securities Settlement System. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers, the 
Arranger or any Agent will have any responsibility for the proper performance by the Securities 
Settlement System or its participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating 
procedures, and failures in the procedures or operations of the Securities Settlement System and/or its 
(sub)-participants can affect (timely) completion of transactions relating to the Notes. Additionally, 
Noteholders may be subject to insolvency risks of the Securities Settlement System and/or its (sub)-
participants through which they hold Notes. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that the Paying Agent will, after receipt by it of the relevant 
amounts, pay to the Noteholder, directly or through the Securities Settlement System, any amounts due 
in respect of the Notes. However, the Paying Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts 
received by it in respect of the Notes, and in the event that the Paying Agent were subject to insolvency 
proceedings at any time when it held any such amounts, the Issuer would be required to claim such 
amounts from the Paying Agent in accordance with applicable insolvency laws and may not be able to 
recover all or part of such amounts. This may impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Notes. 
3.6 
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such Benchmark  
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ (“Benchmarks”) and which may be used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments, 
are the subject of recent and on-going reforms. These reforms may cause Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), subject to certain transitional provisions, 
applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a 
Benchmark within the European Union. Among other things, the Benchmark Regulation (i) requires 
Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if based 
outside the European Union, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Pursuant to Article 28.2 of the Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer must produce and maintain robust 
written plans setting out the actions that it would take in the event that a Benchmark materially changes 
or ceases to be provided. Reference is made to Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement) which provides 
for certain fall-back arrangements in the event “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs. 
On 10 April 2019, the European Money Markets Institute (formerly EURIBOR-EBF) (“EMMI”) applied 
for authorisation as administrator of EURIBOR. On 2 July 2019, following the positive advice of the 
EURIBOR College of Supervisors, the FSMA granted the requested authorisation to EMMI, by 
application of the Benchmark Regulation. The fact that EMMI has obtained authorisation as 
administrator of EURIBOR, confirms that the requirements contained in the Benchmark Regulation are 
met. The EMMI is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
The Benchmark Regulation could adversely affect any Notes referencing a Benchmark, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the relevant Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. 
A Benchmark could also be discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark administrator to be 
authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be deemed equivalent or recognised 
or otherwise endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. The euro risk free-
rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or 
international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon 
a Benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the Benchmark could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The elimination of 
EURIBOR or any other Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or any 
other Benchmark Event could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation and related 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions as well as the Agency Agreement (as further described in 
Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement)), and could result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
Notes linked to such Benchmark (including Resettable Notes and Floating Rate Notes whose interest 
rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other Benchmark that is or may become the subject of reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of successor 
or alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may adversely affect Notes 
which reference such Benchmark including the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
them. 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate or other relevant 
reference rate (which could include, without limitation, a mid-swap rate) and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new Benchmark, all as determined by 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
described at Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement). However, the Issuer will not be required to 
implement a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or any adjustment spread or make any amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes if and to the extent that, in its determination, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating 
an Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, and in such case the Issuer may, subject to certain 
conditions, be able to apply the provisions of Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement) on an adjusted 
basis to avoid that outcome, all as more fully described under Condition 2(p)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any 
adjustment spread, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time.  
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate 
of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Reset Notes, 
the application of the previous reset Rate of Interest for a preceding Reset Period, or for the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, investors 
should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate 
of Interest on Notes which reference the Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the 
Original Reference Rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain 
circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
as mentioned above. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes which reference the Original Reference Rate. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to 
which the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Resettable Notes and Floating Rate Notes (as 
applicable) or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Resettable Notes and the Floating Rate Notes (as applicable). 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Resettable Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes referencing a Benchmark.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 20202 and 
31 December 20213, including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 30 June 
2022, including the report of the statutory auditor in respect thereof 4 (the “2022 interim report”); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 18 January 2019 (the 
“January 2019 Terms and Conditions” and the “January 2019 Base Prospectus”, respectively), pages 
58-108 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme5;  
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 16 January 2020 (the 
“January 2020 Terms and Conditions” and the “January 2020 Base Prospectus”, respectively), pages 
42-93 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme6; 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 18 December 2020 (the 
“December 2020 Terms and Conditions” and the “December 2020 Base Prospectus”, respectively), 
pages 42-92 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme7; and 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 21 January 2022 (the 
“January 2022 Terms and Conditions” and the “January 2022 Base Prospectus”, respectively), pages 
49-100 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme8. 
each of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and have been prepared by the Issuer. Such 
documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose 
of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The documents incorporated by 
reference are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Unless expressly provided otherwise, the content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The tables below sets out the relevant page references for the (i) consolidated balance sheet statement / condensed 
consolidated interim statement of financial position (ii) (condensed) consolidated (interim) statement of profit or 
loss, (iii) (condensed) consolidated (interim) statement of comprehensive income, (iv) (condensed interim) 
(consolidated) statement of changes in equity, (v) (condensed) consolidated (interim) cash flow statement, (vi) 
the audit report on the consolidated accounts / statutory auditor’s review report, and (vii) notes to the (condensed) 
consolidated (interim) financial statements, as set out in each of the 2020 and 2021 annual reports and the 2022 
interim report of the Issuer. 
                                                     
2  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2020/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-annual-
statements-2020..pdf.  
3  
Available at: https://www.argenta.be/content/dam/argenta/over-argenta/jaarverslagen/2021/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-annual-
statements-2021.pdf.  
4  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta/over-argenta/jaarverslagen/2022/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-half-year-
financial-statements-2022.pdf. 
5  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2019/EMTN%20-%20Prospectus.pdf. 
6  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2020/Prospectus-Euro-Medium-Term-
Note-Programme-16-January-2020.pdf. 
7  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-
information/2020/Prospectus%20Euro%20Medium%20Term%20Note%20Programma%2018-12-2020.pdf.  
8  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2022/emtn/Prospectus-Euro-Medium-
Term-Note-Programma2022-01-21.pdf.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and as endorsed by the 
European Union.  
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such documents are not relevant for the 
investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the January 
2019 Base Prospectus, the January 2020 Base Prospectus, the December 2020 Base Prospectus or the January 
2022 Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (other than (i) the January 2019 
Terms and Conditions contained on pages 58-108 (inclusive) of the January 2019 Base Prospectus, (ii) the 
January 2020 Terms and Conditions contained on pages 42-93 (inclusive) of the January 2020 Base Prospectus, 
(iii) the December 2020 Terms and Conditions contained on pages 42-92 (inclusive) of the December 2020 Base 
Prospectus, and (iv) the January 2022 Terms and Conditions contained on pages 49-100 (inclusive) of the January 
2022 Base Prospectus. 
 
 
  
 
Consolidated interim 
financial statements 2022 
(English version) 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position 
pages 9-10 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss 
page 11 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income 
page 12 
Condensed interim statement of changes in equity 
page 13 
Condensed consolidated interim cash flow statement 
pages 14-15 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
pages 16-50 
Statutory Auditor’s review report 
pages 52 
 
 
  
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2020 
(English version) 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2021 
(English version) 
Audit report on the consolidated accounts 
pages 10-15 
pages 148-155 
Consolidated balance sheet statement 
pages 16-17 
pages 10-11 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
pages 18-19 
pages 12-13  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
page 20 
page 14 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
page 21 
page 15 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
pages 22-24 
pages 16-18 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 25-140 
pages 19-145

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures (“APMs”) and which are provided in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework, the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The Issuer believes that APMs provide investors with meaningful, additional 
insight as to underlying performance of the Issuer. An investor should not consider such APMs as alternatives to 
measures reflected in the Issuer’s financial information, which has been prepared in accordance with the IFRS. In 
particular, an investor should not consider such measures as alternatives to profit after tax, operating profit or 
other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash flow from operating 
activities as a measure of the Issuer’s activity. 
Please see below an overview of the APMs used in this Base Prospectus and their respective meanings.  The text 
in italics sets out a brief explanation as to why the Issuer uses that APM. 
 
Capital gain/loss AFS 
The realised capital gains of (available for sale) debt securities. 
It is a part of the income that is not considered to be a result of the normal 
day-to-day activities. 
Core net result 
The net result not taking into account Gains or losses on derecognition of 
financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss. 
It is income resulting from the normal day-to-day activities. 
Cost/Income or C/I 
[operating expenses of the period] / [financial and operational result of 
the period] 
Operating expenses include administration expenses, depreciation and 
provisions. Bank levies are recognised in the first quarter (as required by 
the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) 21). In order to make a 
correct economic analysis, these are prorated and thus spread equally over 
the different quarters. 
Financial and operational result includes net interest income, dividend 
income, net income from commissions and fees, realised gains and losses 
on financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value in the income 
statement, gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading, gains and losses from hedge accounting, gains and losses on de-
recognition of assets other than held for sale and other net operating 
income. 
This metric gives an indication of  the cost evolution (operating expenses) 
in relation to the evolution in income (financial and operational result) 
during a specific period, which is normally a calendar year. 
Cost/income or C/I excl. 
bank levies 
[operating expenses of the period - bank levies of the period] / [financial 
and operational result of the period] 
The numerator is adjusted for bank levies in order to provide a better 
insight into the underlying business trends. 
This metric gives an indication of the cost evolution (operating expenses, 
excluding the bank levies due by the Issuer) in relation to the evolution in

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
income (financial and operational result) during a specific period, which 
is normally a calendar year. 
Cost of Risk 
[Collective (stage 1 and 2) and specific (stage 3) impairments] / Average 
outstanding of total loan portfolio. 
This metric should be interpreted as an indication of the health of a loan 
portfolio, indicating the proportion of the total loan portfolio that has 
been impaired. 
Coverage Ratio 
[Specific (stage 3) impairments] / [Total outstanding NPLs] 
This metric gives an indication of the proportion of a Non-Performing 
Loan that cannot be recovered. The lower the ratio, the higher the 
recovered portion of the Non-Performing Loans. 
Customer assets under 
management 
The total market value of assets that the Issuer manages on behalf of 
customers.  
It takes into account on-balance activities as well as off-balance activities 
such as investment funds. 
Loan to deposit or LTD 
[loans and receivables] / [customer deposits and customer debt 
certificates] 
This measure indicates the percentage of loans that is granted with 
customer funding. 
Loan to value or LTV 
Ratio of the outstanding loan amount to the indexed value of a purchased 
asset.  
It is a key risk indicator, giving insight in possible losses after a default 
of the borrower when the asset has to be sold. 
Net interest income or NII 
[revenues generated by interest-bearing assets] - [cost of servicing 
(interest-burdened) liabilities] 
As almost all on-balance activities of the Issuer are interest rate driven, 
NII gives the most important pillar of income. 
Net interest margin or 
NIM 
[net interest income of the period] / [average total assets of the period] 
Total assets are used as a proxy for the total interest-bearing assets. 
The NIM gives the relative value of the NII and insight is given in the way 
that NII is following the on-balance activities and –growth. 
Non-Performing 
Loans 
(“NPLs”) ratio 
[Total outstanding NPLs] / [Total Outstanding Loans] 
Non-Performing Loans are defined as loans on which loan loss reserves 
(impairments) are booked.  
This metric gives an indication of the proportion of outstanding loans that 
have payment arrears. The evolution gives insight in the credit quality 
changes of the loan portfolio. 
Return on equity or RoE 
[net profit of the period (annualised)] / [equity at the beginning of the 
period]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
It is a relative value of profitability and more specifically gives the return 
for shareholders on their investment. 
Total Capital Ratio or 
TCR 
[common equity tier 1 capital + additional tier 1 instruments + tier 2 
instruments] / [total risk weighted assets] 
This metric shows the ratio between the total regulatory own funds and 
the total regulatory risk exposures.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
once approved by the CSSF in its capacity as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market (including the Professional Segment thereof), shall constitute a prospectus supplement in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this 
Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement (in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save for the paragraphs in italics that shall not 
form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, 
the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes shall complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
References in these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series 
(as defined below) only, not to all Notes that may be issued under Argenta Spaarbank NV’s Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”). All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them or refer to information specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are issued subject to an amended and restated paying, calculation and listing agency agreement dated 
on or about 24 January 2023 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), 
the “Agency Agreement”) between, amongst others, Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV (“Argenta Spaarbank” or the 
“Issuer”), BNP Paribas, Belgium branch as paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) and BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
branch as listing agent (the “Listing Agent”). The expressions “Paying Agent” and “Listing Agent” shall include 
any successor or other paying or listing agent appointed from time to time pursuant to the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. The calculation agent (if any) shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms and is referred to below 
as the “Calculation Agent”. The Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Listing Agent are together referred 
to as the “Agents” and each of them taken individually as an “Agent”. The Noteholders (as defined below) are 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue price and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. In these Terms and Conditions, “euro”, “EUR”, and “€” 
means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the specified offices of the Paying 
Agent. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note shall be EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples thereof (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended from time to time. 
Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) and 
cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively via a book-entry system 
maintained in the records of the Securities Settlement System (as defined below) and will be credited to 
the accounts held with the Securities Settlement System by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Euronext Securities Milan”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”), Interbolsa S.A. 
(“Euronext Securities Porto”), LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”), any other national or international NBB 
investors central securities depositories (“NBB investor (I)CSDs”) or other Securities Settlement 
System participants for credit by Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Securities Settlement System participants to the securities accounts of their subscribers and through other 
financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants. The Notes are accepted for clearance through 
the Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian clearing 
regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its 
implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted 
or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB (as defined below) from time to 
time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition being referred to herein as the “Securities 
Settlement System Regulations”). The Notes may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten aan 
toonder/titres au porteur). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Securities Settlement System” means the settlement system operated 
by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto. 
Transfers of Notes will be effected only through records maintained by the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Porto, LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants and 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Noteholder (as defined below) of any Note 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the Noteholder.  
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving 
consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly licenced in Belgium to keep 
dematerialised securities accounts showing such Noteholder’s position in the Notes (or the position held 
by the financial institution through which such Noteholder’s Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up 
by that financial institution will also be required). 
In these Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, “Noteholder” and “holder” means in 
respect of a Note, the person evidenced as holding the Note by the book-entry system maintained in the 
records of the NBB, or any of the other relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries as set out 
above. 
If, at any time, the Notes are transferred to any other clearing system which is not exclusively operated 
by the NBB (such clearing system an “Alternative Clearing System”), these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of such Notes. 
2. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, or 
any combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
at the First Reset Rate of Interest from and including the First Resettable Note Reset 
Date, to but excluding: 
(A) 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, if such a “Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date” is specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the Maturity Date, if no such “Second Resettable Note Reset Date” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Subsequent Reset Period, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with Condition 
2(i). 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Resettable Notes. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
General. Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall, in each 
case, be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination. Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), 
“ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option,  
Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option and Swap 
Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination. Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 2(h) and Condition 2(p) below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. For the purposes of the 
foregoing: 
(x) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or 
if sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the Relevant 
Time, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request, or shall procure a 
third party to request, the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(y) 
if paragraph (x) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are, in the opinion of the Issuer, suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-
bank market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (or if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest 
Commencement Date) or (in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period to 
which a floating Rate of Interest applies under Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) 
the last observable rate for the Reference Rate which appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date in question 
(though substituting, in any such case, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest related to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(iv) 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest. The determination 
of the Rate of Interest pursuant to this Condition 2(c) above shall be subject to the 
following: 
(A) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rate of Interest for 
the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of 
such Margin, subject to (C) and (D) below, as applicable. 
(B) 
If any Leverage is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rate of Interest for 
the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by multiplying the 
rate determined pursuant to Condition 2(c)(ii) or 2(c)(iii), as applicable, and 
the absolute value of such Leverage. 
(C) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the lesser of (i) the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii) or 2(c)(iii), as applicable, and (ii) such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the greater of (i) the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii) or 2(c)(iii), as applicable, and (ii) such 
Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(d) 
Change of Interest Basis - Rate of Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed 
Rate Notes 
(i) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes” in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(A) 
with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period and such subsequent Interest 
Accrual Periods as are specified for this purpose in the relevant Final Terms 
at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 2(a) and the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Interest Accrual Period thereafter, at a floating Rate of 
Interest in accordance with Condition 2(c) and the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Floating to Fixed Rate 
Notes” in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(A) 
with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period and such subsequent Interest 
Accrual Periods as are specified for this purpose in the relevant Final Terms 
at a floating Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 2(c) and the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Interest Accrual Period thereafter, at a fixed Rate of 
Interest in accordance with Condition 2(a) and the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount (as further specified in Condition 
3(b)). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption, unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused on the due date thereof or unless default is otherwise 
made in respect of payment, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, at the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or (if there is one) at the last Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable) in the 
manner provided in this Condition 2 to the Relevant Date. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means 
whichever is the later of (x) the date on which such payment first becomes due, and (y), (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which the full 
amount of such moneys outstanding is paid or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that such payment will be made. 
(g) 
Business Day Convention

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in the case of the 
Maturity Date, such date shall not be amended. 
In relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes, the Business Day Convention applicable 
shall always be the Following Business Day Convention.  
(h) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded up), (ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up, save in the case of Japanese yen, 
where halves shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen). For these purposes “unit” 
means, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations for Notes  
The amount of interest payable on the Notes of each Series for any Interest Accrual Period shall 
be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, the Initial 
Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or any Subsequent Rate of Interest), the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of such Series, and the Day Count Fraction 
for such Interest Accrual Period. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to 
be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(j) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 2(p), the Issuer 
shall request, or shall procure that a third party shall request, each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
at approximately the Relevant Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be 
the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First Reset 
Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 2(j): 
(i) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if “Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, (x) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (y) the First 
Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of 
First Reset Rate of Interest); 
(B) 
if “Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate and (y) the First Margin (with such sum converted, if 
necessary, as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest); or 
(C) 
if “Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the last observable rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) the First Margin (with such sum 
converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of 
Interest), 
provided that (x) (in the case of an issue of Subordinated Notes) if the application of 
(i)(B) or (i)(C) could, in the determination of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to 
result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 3(d)), or (y) (in the case of an issue of 
Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if the 
application of (i)(B) or (i)(C) could, in the determination of the Issuer, reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments (as defined in 
Condition 3(f)) or to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case 
may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, 
then (i)(A) above will apply; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination 
Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the Mid-Swap Rate determined 
on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (y) the Subsequent 
Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest); or 
(B) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the last 
observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) the 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the 
definition of Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest), provided that (I) (in the case 
of an issue of Subordinated Notes) if the application of (ii)(B) could, in the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
determination of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to result in a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 3(d)), or (II) (in the case of 
an issue of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) if the application of (ii)(B) could, in the determination 
of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments or to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then (ii)(A) above will 
apply, 
all as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, taking into 
consideration all available information that it in good faith deems relevant.  
For the purposes of this Condition 2(j), “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(k) 
Linear interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA 
Determination” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(k), “Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable and provided it has been enabled to perform 
any calculation required under these Terms and Conditions through the information to be 
provided by the Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer, on each date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation (including, in the case of Resettable Notes, each Reset 
Determination Date), determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, obtain such quote 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
calculated, the Redemption Amount to be notified to the Paying Agent, the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a 
further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period and/or Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date, Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date, Resettable Note Reset Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 2(g), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable 
Note Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 2 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Computation of time 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, 
Article 1.7 of the Belgian Civil Code shall not apply. 
(n) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Belgian Civil Code” means the Belgian Burgerlijk Wetboek / Code Civil, as amended from 
time to time. 
“Business Day” means (i) in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (A) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Belgium and (B) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency in which the 
relevant Notes are denominated and (ii) in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in Belgium, (B) on which the Securities Settlement System is operating and (C) (if a 
payment in euro is to be made on that day) which is a day on which the TARGET 2 System is 
operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and in relation to both (i) and (ii) above, such other 
day as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or the Lead Manager on 
behalf of the relevant Dealers (as the case may be) and specified as an Interest Business Day 
Jurisdiction in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount by reference to which a Redemption Amount is 
calculated and is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository as defined in Article 2, 1st paragraph, (1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the 
last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date or the Interest Commencement Date (as applicable). 
“Designated Maturity” means the time period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor). 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, or if no such Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 2(j) above, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from 
a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency” means the payment frequency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” in Part 
A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
“Floating Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note Provisions” 
of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and 
which are specified as being Floating Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest per annum specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of a Series for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, shall mean the amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 2(i); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of a Series for that period, as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 2(i). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) or Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are set out in the relevant Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period set out in these Terms and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be) and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be). 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended, supplemented and/or updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
“Lead Regulator” means the NBB, ECB or any successor entity primarily responsible for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer. 
“Leverage” means the value or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Margin” means the percentage rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided 
that (A) the Margin may be specified either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods and (B) the Margin may be zero. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis 
of the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 2(j) above, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms which shall never be less than zero and, if not otherwise specified, shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any Note 
specified, calculated or determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this 
Condition 2 and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means (i) Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount, (ii) Final 
Redemption Amount, (iii) Redemption Amount (Call), (iv) Capital Disqualification Event Early 
Redemption Amount, (v) Tax Event Redemption Amount, (vi) MREL Disqualification Event 
Early Redemption Amount, or (vii) Event of Default Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means in relation to Notes other than Resettable Notes, the principal 
Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means each currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board established by 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
(as amended, the “SRMR”) together with the resolution college of the NBB, in accordance with 
the division of responsibilities set out in the SRMR, and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 
18 of the SRMR). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of that service which displays the 
information). 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a Designated Maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
“Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate, 
and for these purposes, the Relevant Time in the case of EURIBOR shall be 11:00 a.m. Brussels 
time. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, (i) in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) in respect of the first Subsequent 
Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, (iii) 
in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each 
such Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Reset Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Resettable Note Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Resettable Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Resettable Notes Provisions” in Part 
A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Sterling” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period 
from (and including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Resettable Note Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 2(j) above, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
applicable Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent 
to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such 
calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
“Target 2-Securities” means the Eurosystem’s single technical settlement solution enabling 
CSDs and national central banks to provide borderless and neutral securities matching and 
settlement services in central bank money in Europe. 
“TARGET 2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or 
any successor thereto. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” means Notes which do not bear any interest, and in respect of which the 
“Zero Coupon Note” provisions in Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(o) 
Calculation Agent 
For so long as any Resettable Note or Floating Rate Note is outstanding (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents appointed to act as calculation agent for such Notes. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Terms and Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount or the Redemption Amount or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through any office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(p) 
Benchmark replacement 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 2, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 2(p)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 2(p)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 2(p)(iv)).  
In making such determination, the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Issuer shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Paying Agent or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 2(p). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 2(p) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the 
Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 2(p). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser after having used its 
reasonable endeavours to do so; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 2(p)(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 2(p). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 2(p)(iii)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 2(p)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 2(p)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 2(p)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 2(p) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”), and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 2(p)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 2(p)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 2(p), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be made to effect a 
Benchmark Amendment pursuant to this Condition 2(p), if, and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in a 
change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification 
Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes).  
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 2(p), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, 
as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 2(p) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 8, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 2(p) (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 2(c)(iii) and Condition 2(j) (as applicable) will continue to apply unless and 
until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, 
in accordance with Condition 2(p)(v). 
(vii) 
Definitions:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
As used in this Condition 2(p): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) 
(D) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 2(p)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(p)(iv).  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) No 2016/1011 (as amended), if applicable); 
provided that in the case of (B), (D) and (E), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of the publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of the use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 2(p)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at 
its Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(ii) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount equal to the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the 
Calculation Amount, provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in 
any case, be less than 100 per cent., or (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount. 
“Specified Fixed Percentage Rate” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate shall be 100 per cent. 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes  
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Zero Coupon Note 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted back to the due date for payment at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms) applied on a compounded or non-compounded basis as specified in the 
Final Terms (which, if none is specified in the Final Terms, shall be such rate 
(compounded annually) as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) (the “Amortised Face Amount”). 
(iii) 
If the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero 
Coupon Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), or 3(f) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is not paid when due, 
the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein 
to the due date for payment were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
2(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If “Call Option” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, subject in respect 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms only to 
the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer may on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of irrevocable notice to the Noteholders as shall be

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than seven days) redeem all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination(s) or 
integral multiples thereof on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the 
Noteholders). Any such redemption must relate to the Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the Securities Settlement System. 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Call)” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
If this Condition 3(d) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if a 
Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the 
conditions set out in Condition 3(h), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), at its 
option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, on any Interest Payment Date 
or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, at the Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
The notice given to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) pursuant to this 
Condition shall (i) contain a confirmation by the Issuer stating that a Capital Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) set out the date fixed for redemption, and such 
confirmation shall (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulation” means at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and policies of the Lead Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect in 
Belgium, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer at such time (for the avoidance 
of doubt, including as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRR and CRD). 
“Capital Disqualification Event” means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
Issuer determines, in good faith, and after consultation with the Lead Regulator, that by reason 
of a change (or a prospective change which the Lead Regulator considers to be sufficiently 
certain) to the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes, at any time after the Issue

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Date of the last Tranche of Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease (or would cease) to be included, 
in whole or in part, in or count towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer on a solo and/or 
consolidated basis (having done so before the Capital Disqualification Event occurring) 
(excluding, for these purposes, any non-recognition as a result of applicable regulatory 
amortisation in the five years immediately preceding maturity). 
“Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount 
provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per 
cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above. 
“CRD” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time. 
In this Condition 3(d): “Tier 2 capital” has the meaning given to it under the Applicable 
Banking Regulation as applied by the Lead Regulator from time to time. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
Subject in respect of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes only to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer may, at its option (subject to 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes outstanding on any Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date (as the case may be), or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time, at the Tax Event Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid, if 
any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders), 
if, at any time, a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in the case of a Tax Gross-up Event, or (ii) a 
payment in respect of the Notes would cease to be deductible or the tax deductibility of such 
payment would reduce in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event, in each case, were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition, the Issuer shall obtain an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event exists save that such opinion shall not address 
whether the relevant obligations can be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(i) 
in making payments under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in making interest 
payments only), the Issuer has or will on or before the next date on which payment is 
due under the Notes become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 5 (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or 
(ii) 
if “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on 
or before the next date on which payment is due under the Notes any payment of 
interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes ceases (or will cease) to be tax deductible 
by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction’s tax purposes or such deductibility is reduced 
(and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it) (a “Tax Deductibility Event”). 
“Tax Event Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. 
per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and 
interest on the Notes become generally subject. 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which the Tax Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation thereof, which change or amendment (i) is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant 
Notes, (ii) (subject to (iii)) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of 
the relevant Notes, or (iii) in the case of a change in law, if such change is enacted on or after 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant Notes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If the Notes are (i) Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and “Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes 
upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and “Redemption of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time and having given not more than 60 nor less than 
30 calendar days’ notice to the holders of the relevant Notes, in accordance with Condition 8 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant outstanding 
Notes at the MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, and subject to Condition 3(h). 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for banking 
institutions under the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time), as set in accordance with Article 45 of such 
Directive (as transposed in Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, or any successor requirement. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has 
been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) of a Series or of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations, either by reason of (i) a change in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations (or the application or official interpretation of such regulations) or (ii) the 
Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective, except where such non-qualification (a) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or (b) is due to the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations or (c) is due to any restriction on the amount of liabilities that can count as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or (e) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), is due to the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes not meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency 
of the Issuer. 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be counted towards the 
MREL of the Issuer in accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount 
provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per 
cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above. 
(g) 
Repurchases and purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may repurchase and purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. This Condition 3(g) shall apply in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent such 
repurchases and purchases of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes are not prohibited by the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable, and subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h). 
(h) 
Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase 
Any optional redemption, repurchase or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 is subject to 
the following conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then required by the Applicable 
Banking Regulation and/or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable):

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation 
and/or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable, including the prior approval of 
the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
(ii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes only, (A) in the case of redemption following the 
occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Lead Regulator that (x) the Tax Law Change was not foreseeable by the Issuer as at 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes and (y) the Tax Event is material, or (B) in 
the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the 
relevant change is sufficiently certain and was not foreseeable by the Issuer as at the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes; and 
(iii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes to the extent set out in the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulations (as applicable) and required by the Lead Regulator or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Subject in respect of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes only to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), all Notes repurchased or 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be, and all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer will be, cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the 
applicable rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities Settlement System 
participant holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer to the 
Securities Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any currency other than euro or a 
currency which is participating in Target 2-Securities, to Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD will 
constitute good discharge for the Issuer.  
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its 
agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 5. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Agents initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in a major European city, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day, or as may be otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which: 
(a) banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of payment 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Payment Business Day Jurisdictions” in the 
relevant Final Terms; (b) the Securities Settlement System is open; and (c) either: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
5. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
In that event, or if a clearing system or any participant in a clearing system withholds or deducts for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall be not less than the respective amounts of principal and interest, or interest 
only in case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where 
“Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect 
of any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having 
some connection with any Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note, or the 
receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of the Note; or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could 
lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or 
procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note is presented for payment; 
or 
(c) 
Non-Eligible Investors: to a Noteholder who, at the time of its acquisition of the Notes, was not 
an Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax or to a Noteholder who was an Eligible Investor at the time of its 
acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 
August 1993 relating to transactions with certain securities; or 
(d) 
Conversion into registered Notes: to a Noteholder who is liable to such withholding or 
deduction because the Notes were converted into registered Notes upon his/her request and 
could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional 
amounts in respect of, or otherwise to indemnify a Noteholder for, any FATCA withholding. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 3 or any amendment or supplement to 
it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 2 or any amendment or supplement to it, and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 5. 
6. 
Status and subordination 
The Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred Notes 
(“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) or subordinated Notes (“Subordinated Notes”), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Senior Preferred Notes”) are direct, 
unconditional, senior and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
and future, which will fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general 
application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Terms and Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any present and future claims as 
may be preferred by laws of general application; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under or in connection with Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred 
Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of such 
Senior Preferred Notes, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts 
owing to any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes by the Issuer is discharged by set-
off, such holder shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its 
winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the 
Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them 
by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken 
place. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) are issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law and are direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all 
times:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, present and future; 
(B) 
senior to the Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims of (a) any unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer, and (b) all other present and future claims as may be preferred by 
laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to any claims 
arising from excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) CRR (the 
“Excluded Liabilities”). 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Terms and Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of Senior Preferred Obligations 
(including the Excluded Liabilities and any claims for payment of principal 
or interest under the Senior Preferred Notes) and other present and future 
claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority 
to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of the Subordinated 
Notes of the Issuer and other present and future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued 
by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-
Preferred Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts 
owing to any holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note by the Issuer is discharged by set-
off, such Noteholder shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay 
an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its 
winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the 
Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them 
by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken 
place. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(i) 
Status and Subordination 
Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
“Subordinated” (“Subordinated Notes”) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation of the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in 
business of the Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any accrued but unpaid 
interest and any damages awarded for breach of any obligation under these Terms and 
Conditions) the Subordinated Notes shall, subject to any obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law and subject to national laws governing normal insolvency 
proceedings of the Issuer, rank:  
(A) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors and Ordinarily Subordinated 
Creditors of the Issuer;  
(B) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and pari passu with the 
claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 
2 capital of the Issuer; and  
(C) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all classes of share and 
other equity capital (including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the 
claims of holders of all obligations or instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 capital of the Issuer, and (c) the claims of holders of any 
other obligations or instruments of the Issuer which are or are expressed to be 
subordinated to the Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, 
by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Subordinated Note, be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting compensation and retention. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, 
unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the 
payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(iii) 
Defined Terms 
In this Condition 6(c):

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
“Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are 
in respect of subordinated obligations which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect of 
obligations which are unsubordinated or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to 
rank, senior to claims of Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors and senior to obligations 
which constitute Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes). 
“Tier 1 capital” and “Tier 2 capital” have the respective meaning given to them under 
the Applicable Banking Regulation as applied by the Lead Regulator. 
(d) 
Certain Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: 
Substitution and Variation 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes in 
relation to which this Condition 6(d) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying, then, 
following a MREL Disqualification Event (in case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or following a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the 
Noteholders, by giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 8 substitute or vary the terms of all, but not some only, of the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding so that they become or, as appropriate, remain, Qualifying 
Securities. 
Any substitution or variation of the Securities pursuant to this Condition 6(d) is subject to 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or 
Applicable MREL Regulations (as applicable), including the prior approval of the Lead 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Qualifying Securities” means, at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or Subordinated Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes); 
(ii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank of international standing, and provided that a 
certification of two members of the management board of the Issuer shall have been 
delivered to the Paying Agent prior to the substitution or variation of the relevant 
securities), provided that such securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking 
Regulation in relation to Tier 2 capital (in case of Subordinated Notes) or that 
they comply with the then Applicable MREL Regulations (in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes);

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(B) 
not contain terms which would cause a MREL Disqualification Event (in case 
of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of Subordinated 
Notes) or (in either case) a Tax Event to occur as a result of such substitution 
or variation; 
(C) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s 
perspective, a more favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest 
Payment Dates or Resettable Note Interest Payment Dates (as the case may 
be), Maturity Date and if applicable optional redemption dates, as apply to 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(D) 
shall preserve any existing right under the Terms and Conditions to any 
accrued interest, principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(E) 
not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral or 
cancellation of payments of principal and/ or interest; 
(iii) 
are listed on (A) the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (B) such 
other regulated market in the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (to 
the extent the Notes were listed on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or such other regulated market in the European Economic Area prior to their 
substitution or variation); and  
(iv) 
where the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Subordinated Notes, which have been substituted or 
varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, 
be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than the solicited credit rating of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Subordinated Notes immediately prior to their substitution 
or variation. 
7. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
Subject to this Condition 7 being specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, the Issuer or any 
previous substituted company may at any time substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, 
any company (the “Substitute”), whether by way of transfer of contract (on the basis of Article 5.193 of 
the Belgian Civil Code), novation (on the basis of Article 5.245 and following of the Belgian Civil Code), 
or otherwise, and the Noteholders hereby consent to such substitution, provided that: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has 
been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of 
Subordinated Notes, the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as required) 
approves the substitution; 
(b) 
the substitution is made by execution of such documentation as the Issuer determines is 
appropriate to give effect to such substitution; 
(c) 
no payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes is at the time of such substitution overdue; 
(d) 
the Substitute assumes all obligations and liabilities of the substituted Issuer in its capacity as 
debtor arising from, or in connection with, the Notes and the substitution is subject to the Issuer

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteeing on a senior preferred basis (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes), on a senior non-preferred basis (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on 
a subordinated basis (in the case of Subordinated Notes) corresponding to the ranking of the 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Substitute; 
(e) 
the Substitute becomes a party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, and assumes all the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer in its capacity as debtor 
under the Notes contained therein and shall be bound as fully as if the Substitute had been named 
therein as an original party; 
(f) 
the Substitute shall, by execution of such documentation as the Issuer determines is appropriate, 
agree to indemnify the holder of each Note against any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge 
that is imposed on such Noteholder by the jurisdiction of the country of its residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein with respect to any Note and that would not have been so imposed had it not 
been substituted as the principal debtor and any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge imposed 
on or relating to such substitution and any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(g) 
the Substitute obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents, takes 
all actions and fulfils all conditions necessary for such substitution and to ensure that any 
document executed to give effect to the substitution and the Notes represents valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute; 
(h) 
the Substitute shall cause a legal opinion to be delivered to the Paying Agent from lawyers with 
a leading securities practice in Belgium and the jurisdiction of the Substitute confirming the 
validity of the substitution and the continuance or giving of the guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (d) above; 
(i) 
each stock exchange which the Notes are listed on or the relevant competent authority relating 
thereto shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Issuer, such Notes 
would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(j) 
following the substitution, the Notes will continue to be represented by book-entry in the records 
of the Securities Settlement System; 
(k) 
where the Notes had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to the 
substitution of the Issuer, the Notes shall continue to be rated by such rating agency immediately 
following such substitution and the published ratings assigned to the Notes by any such rating 
agency immediately following such substitution will be no less than those assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior thereto; and 
(l) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of a proposed substitution to the 
Noteholders, such notice to be published in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, stating 
that copies, or pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to the 
Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
References in Condition 11 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations of the 
Substitute under the documentation executed in order to give effect to the substitution.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
8. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders shall be validly given if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB 
for communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System, and (ii) in the case of 
Notes held in a securities account, through a direct notification through the applicable clearing system. 
For so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of 
that exchange so require, such notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of 
direct notification, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following 
the date of notification. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall be prescribed and become void ten or five years, respectively, after 
the Relevant Date thereof, unless application to a court of law for such payment has been initiated on or 
before such respective time. 
10. 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modification to Agency Agreement 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Terms and Conditions contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined below) of a modification of any of these Terms and Conditions. The provisions of this 
Condition 10(a) are subject to, and should be read together with, the more detailed provisions 
contained in the Meeting Provisions (which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency). 
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any relevant 
Series of Notes. Any such modification or waiver may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification or waiver shall 
always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions and the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of 
the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) or (c) by an 
Electronic Consent (as defined in the Meeting Provisions). 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Issuer) to modify or waive any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series 
of Notes (including any proposal (i) to modify the maturity of a Series of Notes or the dates on 
which interest is payable in respect of a Series of Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal 
amount of, or interest on, a Series of Notes, (iii) to change the currency of payment of a Series 
of Notes, or (iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders) in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out in the Meeting 
Provisions.  
A Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) signed, or Electronic Consent (as 
defined in the Meeting Provisions) given, by the holders of 75 per cent. in principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. A resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with these provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting (if applicable) or, as the case may be, whether or 
not they vote in favour of the relevant resolution (whether at any such meeting or pursuant to a 
Written Resolution or by way of Electronic Consent). 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions. 
Resolutions of Noteholders will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved by the 
Issuer and, if so required, by the Lead Regulator. 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to the Terms and Conditions to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments determined pursuant to Condition 2(p)(iv) may be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
Without prejudice to Condition 2(p), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms – 
Events of Default: 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and such default 
continues for a period of 30 days or more after the due date, any holder of the relevant Notes 
may institute proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer including, without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), judicial liquidation (gerechtelijke 
vereffening/liquidation forcée) or voluntary liquidation (vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation 
volontaire) (other than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all liabilities of the Issuer) under the 
laws of Belgium), each holder of Notes of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, Senior

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable) may give written notice to 
the Paying Agent at its specified office that its relevant Note(s) is (are) immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of such Note(s) together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Relevant Resolution Authority taking any resolution action (as 
defined in Article 242, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law) in respect of the Issuer or suspending 
any of the Issuer’s payment or delivery obligations (in accordance with Article 244/2 of the 
Belgian Banking Law) shall not entitle the holders of the relevant Notes to accelerate the 
Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11(a) shall be available 
to the holders of the relevant Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
relevant Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the relevant Notes waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90 to 5.93 (inclusive) of 
the Belgian Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the 
rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of, the relevant Notes, and (ii) to the extent applicable, all 
their rights whatsoever in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code. 
(b) 
Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default: 
If any of the events set out below in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred 
Notes Restricted Terms” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (“Events of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice specifying 
the Event of Default to the Issuer or the Paying Agent at its specified office and declaring that 
such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of 
such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable (unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to 
the receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent): 
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for a period of more than 15 days in the payment of 
principal or in the payment of interest in respect of any of the relevant Senior Preferred 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: default by the Issuer in the due performance or observance 
of any obligation, condition or other provisions under or in relation to the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes, if such default is not cured within 60 days of receipt by the 
Paying Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of any relevant Senior 
Preferred Note; or 
(iii) 
Winding-Up: the Issuer shall be dissolved or wound up or otherwise shall cease to exist 
prior to the redemption of all outstanding relevant Senior Preferred Notes (except for 
the purpose of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing 
corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer); or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent, is unable to pay its debts generally or as they 
fall due, is in “cessation de paiements/staking van betaling” or stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of its debts or ceases or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
threatens to cease to carry on its business, or proposes or makes a general assignment 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, or a moratorium is agreed or 
declared in respect of or affecting all or a material part of the indebtedness of the Issuer, 
or if the Issuer applies for a “sursis de paiements/uitstel van betaling”, “liquidation 
volontaire/vrijwillige vereffening” (other than a “liquidation volontaire/vrijwillige 
vereffening” in connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer), “liquidation 
forcée/gerechtelijke vereffening”, “faillite/faillissement” or any similar procedures 
shall have been initiated in respect of the Issuer (except if any of the events described 
in this paragraph (iv) occurs in a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer); or 
(v) 
Illegality: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or any of its obligations thereunder ceases to be 
valid, binding or enforceable. 
In these Terms and Conditions: “Event of Default Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being 
the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, holders of Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, hereby 
waive to the fullest extent permitted by law all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90, second 
paragraph of the Belgian Civil Code. 
12. 
No Hardship 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of the 
Belgian Civil Code shall not apply to it with respect to its obligations under these Terms and Conditions 
and that it shall not be entitled to make any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date 
for and amount of the first payment of interest) so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be (unless otherwise specified) to the first issue date of the 
Notes, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references 
in these Terms and Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
No Security or Guarantee 
Without prejudice to Condition 7(d), Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes are not and will not at any time be subject (i) to a security interest or guarantee that 
enhances the seniority of the respective claims of each of the holders of the relevant Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, provided by any of the entities listed in 
articles 72b(2)(e) or 63(e) of CRR, as applicable, or (ii) to any arrangement that otherwise enhances the 
respective claims of such holders in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels, Belgium and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
on the ground of venue. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and shall 
not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor 
shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Acknowledgment of and Consent to the Bail-in Power 
Each Noteholder (which includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound 
by (i) the variation of the terms and conditions of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and (ii) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority in 
relation to any liability of the Issuer to any Noteholder under these Terms and Conditions. Such exercise 
may, among others, include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(a) 
all, or part of the Notes or Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being reduced; 
(b) 
all or part of the Notes being converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person and such shares, securities or obligations being issued to or conferred 
on the Noteholder, including by means of a variation, modification or amendment of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Notes being cancelled; and 
(d) 
the maturity date of the Notes being amended or altered, or the amount of interest payable on 
the Notes, or date(s) on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period, being amended. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall 
not be conditional on prior notice thereof being given by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders and the 
absence of any such prior notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor 
the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 15(c). 
In this Condition, 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations (including delegated 
or implementing measures of such regulatory technical standards), requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and their parent

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
undertakings, and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Lead Regulator (or any successor or replacement 
entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer), the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant to which obligations 
of the Issuer can be reduced, modified, cancelled, written down and/ or converted into shares, securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person or suspended for a temporary period; and 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Notes. These amounts 
include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
Provisions on meetings of Noteholders 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of 
which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 30.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) 
by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an 
Electronic Consent; 
1.7 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 
4 and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.8 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; 
1.9 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and 
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that 
proportion in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Where any of the provisions of this Schedule would be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that will not 
affect the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Schedule.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Powers of meetings 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Term and Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Lead Regulator, and without prejudice to any 
powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in 
accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of the Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule proposed by the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution); 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes or to approve the exchange or substitution of the Notes into shares, bonds 
or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person, in each case, in circumstances 
not provided for in the Terms and Conditions or in applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of 
any existing security interests, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 18 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which would have the effect of 
(other than in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or 
interest amounts;  
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions 
under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the terms and conditions of the Notes; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
to amend this proviso.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders;  
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. 
5. 
No amendment to the Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to 
any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of 
Noteholders complying in all respect with the requirements of Belgian law, the provisions set out in this 
Schedule and the articles of association of the Issuer. 
Convening a meeting 
6. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Paying Agent, 
it being understood that meetings can be held by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform. 
7. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting (or, if relevant, the applicable dial-in details when the meeting will 
be held by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) and the nature of the 
resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives 
obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such 
Voting Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding 
were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) 
held to its order or under its control (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement System) and blocked by it, and (ii) that no such Notes 
will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System who issued the same; and 
8.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate 
is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the 
Notes represented by such certificate.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
9. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
9.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued 
and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any 
such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction 
of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or 
under its control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and (if and 
only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) 
blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under 
its control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting 
Instruction; 
9.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and (if 
and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) 
blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will 
be put to such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be 
revoked or amended during the period commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time 
for which such meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion 
or adjournment thereof; 
9.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked, distinguishing with regard 
to each resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid 
that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect 
of which instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against 
the resolution and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from 
voting; and 
9.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and 
instructed to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions 
referred to in 9.4 above as set out in such document. 
10. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System) block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time 
fixed for the meeting to the order of the Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the 
Paying Agent for the purpose. The Paying Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block 
Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to 
be a Noteholder.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
13. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or 
the Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not 
less than three (3) and not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to 
which the relevant voting instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. 
The Voting Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes 
continue to be so held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate 
or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in 
connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairperson of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting 
proceeds to business. 
Chairperson 
15. 
The chairperson of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for 
the meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairperson, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairperson. The chairperson need not be a Noteholder or agent. The 
chairperson of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairperson of the original 
meeting. 
Attendance 
16. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
16.1 
Noteholders and their agents;  
16.2 
the chairperson and the secretary of the meeting; and 
16.3 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
17. 
No business (except choosing a chairperson) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present 
at the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially 
fixed for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other 
case it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place 
as the chairperson may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a 
meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
18. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
18.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of 
the Notes which they represent; and 
18.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum 
resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
19. 
The chairperson may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from 
time to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original 
meeting may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 17. 
20. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the 
adjourned meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned 
general meeting. 
Voting 
21. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairperson, the Issuer or one or 
more persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
22. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairperson that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
23. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairperson directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has 
been demanded. 
24. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairperson or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
25. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to 
the obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all 
in the same way. 
26. 
In case of equality of votes the chairperson shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting 
vote in addition to any other votes which he may have.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
27. 
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The 
Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to 
Noteholders within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
28. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairperson of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
29. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
30. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, 
then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
30.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 30.1.1 and/or 30.1.2 
below, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) to the Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by close of business 
on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
30.1.1 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, 
at least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of 
the day on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in 
sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed 
resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, where 
applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the time 
and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be received in order for such 
consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
30.1.2 
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are 
first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution 
shall be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the 
Paying Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that 
the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as determined 
by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were 
received in relation to the original resolution and the information specified in sub-

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
paragraph 30.1 above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to “Relevant 
Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened 
in accordance with paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
30.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 30.1, a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in 
advance to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining whether a resolution has 
been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing 
directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to the 
Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or with written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement 
to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or 
other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed 
in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes 
is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to 
be forged or not authentic. 
31. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders 
whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
CLEARING 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations). The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by a book entry in the records of the settlement system operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The Notes can be held by their holders 
through the participants in the Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, any 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in the Securities Settlement System. Possession of the Notes 
will pass by account transfer. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement system, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities 
Settlement System participant holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer to the 
Securities Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any currency other than euro or a currency which is 
participating in Target 2-Securities, to Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs will constitute good 
discharge for the Issuer. Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes, the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities Settlement System participant, shall 
immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment. Noteholders are entitled to 
exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or another participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised 
securities accounts showing their position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through 
which their Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, 
in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.  
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. In particular, the Issuer may provide in the applicable Final Terms that, in the case of “green bonds”, an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Notes is intended to be applied to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing green loans (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) as defined in, 
and subject to the conditions set out in, the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time, the “Green Bond Framework”), such Notes being referred to as “Green Bonds”.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
GENERAL 
The Issuer is a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) organised under the laws of 
Belgium with company name “Argenta Spaarbank NV”, in short “Aspa”, with registered office at 2018 
Antwerp, Belgiëlei 49-53, and is registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (BCE/KBO) under number 
BE0404.453.574 (RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp). The registered office can be contacted by phone on the 
number +32 3 285 51 11. The Issuer’s LEI Code is A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65. The website of the Issuer is 
www.argenta.eu. The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has otherwise expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the name "Kredietmaatschappij Fiducia" for an indefinite time by notarial deed 
executed by notary Emile Lemineur in Antwerp on 18 April 1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official 
Gazette on 9 May 1956 under number 10639, and by notary Maurice Van Zeebroeck in Antwerp on 24 November 
1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official Gazette on 13 December 1956 under number 29036. 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority with regard 
to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), acting 
as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, following a capital increase dated 26 October 2022 by way of contribution 
in cash for an amount of forty five million six hundred twenty three thousand two hundred and fifty euros (EUR 
45,623,250) without issuance of new shares, the share capital of the Issuer is nine hundred thirty three million 
nine hundred and twenty five thousand and one hundred and fifty euros (EUR 933,925,150) and is represented by 
168,975 shares. The shares are held by Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (holding 99.99%). The shares 
of the Issuer are not listed. 
On 30 June 2022, total consolidated balance sheet of Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries 
(including the Issuer) (the “Argenta Group”) amounted to EUR 58,206,796,890 and EUR 51,890,487,376 in 
respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is part of the Argenta Group. The corporate organisational chart of the Argenta Group can be depicted 
as follows: 
 
A list with details of the various group companies is provided further in this Base Prospectus. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Investeringsmaatschappij Argenta NV (“Investar NV”), a mixed financial 
holding, holds 87.13% of the shares in Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (the “Parent”), with the 
remainder of the shares owned by Argenta Coöperatieve CV (“Argen-Co”), which is a recognised cooperative 
undertaking in accordance with the Act of 20 July 1955 on a National Council for Cooperatives.  
The Parent is the holding company of the Argenta Group. Its operational activities consist of group-level control 
functions (i.e. internal audit, compliance and integrity, risk and validation, legal affairs and organisation and 
talent). 
The Parent co-ordinates and provides joint management of the operations of its subsidiaries: the Issuer and 
Argenta Assuranties NV (“Aras”).  
The Parent is a mixed financial holding within the meaning of Article 3, 39° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
The Issuer has one subsidiary: Argenta Asset Management S.A., which has also a subsidiary Arvestar Asset 
Management S.A. In addition, the Issuer has a branch office in the Netherlands. The Issuer, its subsidiaries and 
branch office form the “Bank Pool”. 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep nv 
Argenta Spaarbank nv 
Argenta Spaarbank Dutch 
Branch  
Argenta Asset  
Management S.A. 
Investar nv 
Argen-Co cv 
87.13% 
12.87% 
99.99% 
99.71% 
Argenta Assuranties nv 
99.99% 
Arvestar Asset  
Management S.A. 
74.99 %

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Argenta Asset Management S.A. is a Luxembourg company which is responsible for the management and central 
administration of the Argenta Group’s collective investment undertakings, i.e. Argenta Fund sicav and Argenta 
Portfolio sicav, which are open-end investment undertakings under Luxembourg law. The latter is a fund of funds 
(also known as an umbrella fund). This means that the assets of various sub-funds are invested in other collective 
investment undertakings. 
On 30 July 2018, Arvestar Asset Management NV (“Arvestar”) was established within the Argenta Group. 
Arvestar is a UCITS and AIF management company under Belgian law and is a joint venture between Argenta 
Asset Management S.A. and Degroof Petercam Asset Management SA/NV (“DPAM”). The Issuer has previously 
outsourced the management of its pension savings funds Argenta Pensioenspaarfonds (“Arpe”) and Argenta 
Pensioenspaarfonds Defensive (“Arpe Defensive”) to DPAM. In view of the substantial volume of these funds, 
the Issuer and DPAM considered that it was desirable to create a separate control structure. Arvestar has managed 
the Issuer’s pension funds since 1 November 2018 and also manages certain other collective investment 
undertakings (funds) such as the Argenta DP funds. 
Arvestar was founded as a subsidiary of Argenta Asset Management S.A., where the asset management within 
the Argenta Group is centralised. Argenta Asset Management S.A. itself remains responsible for the management 
of the Argenta Fund sicav and the Argenta Portfolio sicav.  
Aras is a duly licensed Belgian insurance undertaking. The Bank Pool has no claims on Aras, and at present Aras 
does not give financial support to the Bank Pool.  
The Argenta Group has various interrelations. The Parent, the Issuer and Aras operate centralised and share 
operational departments; the main “shared” departments are ICT, human resources and facilities, as well as all 
group finance and risk functions. 
The Argenta Group is currently considering simplifying its shareholding structure which could lead to changes in 
the indirect shareholding of the Issuer. However, there will be no changes in relation to the direct shareholding of 
the Issuer nor the ultimate beneficial ownership of the Argenta Group. 
 
Overview of the Argenta Group entities 
 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV 
HOLDING COMPANY 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerpen 
BE 0475.525.276, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp  
Argenta Asset Management 
MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
société anonyme (public limited liability  
company) under the laws of Luxembourg 
29, Boulevard du Prince Henri 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Trade Register no. B 35185 
Argenta Spaarbank NV (the Issuer)  
CREDIT INSTITUTION 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.453.574, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp  
Arvestar Asset Management NV  
MANAGEMENT COMPANY  
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Guimardstraat 19 
B-1040 Brussels 
BE 0700.529.248, RPR Brussels

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Argenta Assuranties NV 
INSURANCE UNDERTAKING 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.456.148, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp 
Argenta Spaarbank’s Dutch branch 
Stadionstraat 2 
NL-4815 NG Breda 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Key facts and figures of the Argenta Group 
The Issuer is a Belgian systemic financial institution (“D-SIB”) and forms part of the 110 banks that are subject 
to the direct supervision of the ECB. 
Argenta Group’s strategy consists in the offering of financial products, such as savings and investment products, 
loans and insurance products, to families, and, to a lesser extent, to self-employed persons. On the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it is the fifth largest bank in Belgium in terms of deposits9 and has 1,249 employees. 
The Argenta Group has been active in Belgium since 1956 and in Luxemburg since 1987. It has been active in the 
Dutch mortgage market since 1997 and has attracted savings in the Netherlands since 2004. All group activities 
exclusively consist of financial activities relating to attracting savings, granting loans, distribution of collective 
investments and offering life and non-life insurance products. Belgian customers are serviced through a network 
of independent agents (410 offices), who together employ 1,547 people (as of 30 June 2022). Dutch customers 
are serviced through third party distribution and online direct channels. The Issuer has developed 4 payment 
packages for consumers including a free one (“Green-pakket”, “Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket“ and the free one 
“Basisbankdienst-pakket”). For legal persons, groups, legal structures or organisations without legal personality 
the Issuer has developed one payment package (“Pro-pakket”).  
The banking activities (provided through the Bank Pool) are mainly focused on attracting funds from the retail 
market on the one hand and investing such funds in mortgage credits on the other hand. Besides its traditional 
banking activities, the Issuer also sells fee income generating products, such as UCITS. This allows the Argenta 
Group to diversify its profit generation. 
The insurance activities consist of both life insurance products and non-life insurances (more in particular health, 
car, civil liability and property). Health insurance is no longer actively offered to customers, but its premiums still 
make up a significant part of total premium collection. As at 30 June 2022, Aras had total assets of approximately 
EUR 6.0 billion. 
With over 200,000 Belgian mortgages, credit risk is spread over a large number of clients and there are no 
individual clients with a substantial potential for loss. 
The Issuer has a solid financial position. The consolidated IRB-based CET1 ratio of the Issuer stood at 22.4% as 
of 30 June 2022 (Basel III). Recurrent Net Interest Income (“NII”) is quite stable and the Issuer has a solid Return 
on Equity (“RoE”) of 5.9% (adjusted for IFRIC 21) for the period ended on 30 June 2022. 
The following table summarises key facts and figures for the Argenta Group on a consolidated basis under IFRS, 
except for Aras, for which the Belgian generally accepted accounting principles (“BEGAAP”) figures are 
displayed in lieu of the IFRS figures: 
                                                     
9  
Based on the sector wide data made available by Bureau Van Dijk. In the database of private company data provided by Bureau 
Van Dijk, there is a possibility to retrieve sectorwide data and to compare different companies operating in the same market. This 
allows to rank the Issuer vis-à-vis its peers on several parameters, a.o. deposit base.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
30 June 
30 June 
€ millions 
2021 
2022 
Total assets 
54,695 
58,207 
Shareholder’s equity 
3,200 
3,108 
Net income (adjusted for IFRIC 
21) 
104 (143) 
44 (74) 
C/I ratio adjusted for IFRIC 21 
(excl. bank levies) 
54% (42%) 
64% (50%) 
CET1 ratio (Danish 
compromise) 
23.1% 
22.6% 
Customer Assets under 
Management  
55,648 
57,380 
 
 
 
30 June 
30 June 
 
30 June 
30 June 
€ millions 
2021 
2022 
€ millions 
2021 
2022 
Total assets 
6,834 
6,419 
Total assets 
47,756 
51,890 
 
 
 
Shareholder’s equity 
2,333 
2,366 
Shareholder’s equity 
609 
603 
Deposits (incl. non-
subordinated term 
products) 
39,773 
43,338 
Gross premiums life1 
203 
235 
Loans to customers 
35,409 
38,228 
Gross premiums non-
life  
96 
98 
Net income (adjusted 
for IFRIC 21) 
53 (86) 
37 (71) 
Net income 
48.7 
31.8 
RoE adjusted for 
IFRIC 21 
7.5% 
5.9% 
RoE 
Solvency ratio 
17.4% 
240% 
11.1% 
223% 
CET1 (IRB) 
22.7% 
22.4% 
 
 
 
MREL ratio (SRB 
target) 
8.09%2 
(7.16%)   
7.99%3 
 (7.00%)  
 
 
 
S&P rating 
A- 
A-4 
Notes 
1) 
Gross premiums life including branch 23 insurance premium income 
2) 
Expressed as % of Leverage Rate Exposure (LRE) (SRB target for 2021) 
3) 
Expressed as % of Leverage Rate Exposure (LRE) (Intermediate target for 2022) 
4) 
The Issuer’s rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited was recently upgraded from A- to A (long term rating) and A-2 
to A-1 (short term rating). Please refer to the section “Credit Rating” on page 109 for more information.  
Business overview of the Issuer 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
As a credit institution, the Issuer’s core activities consist of attracting funds, offering loans (primarily mortgage 
loans to retail clients) and providing payment services.  
In addition, the Issuer offers fee income generating products: the Issuer distributes Argenta products (units in 
pension funds Arpe and Arpe Defensive, Argenta-Fund sicav, Argenta Portfolio sicav). 
The Issuer’s activities are concentrated on attracting funds through: 
 
In Belgium: 
Aras 
Banking pool

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
• 
Current accounts. Daily Banking services for retail clients are grouped in 4 packages : “Green-
pakket”, “Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket“, “Basisbankdienst-pakket”. A fifth package, the “Pro-
pakket” targets professional clients. 
• 
Savings accounts. The Issuer offers the following regulated savings accounts in Belgium: the 
“Maxi” account and the “E-spaar”. The Issuer also offers the non-regulated registered savings 
account “Pro-Plus” which is exclusively reserved for legal persons, groups, legal structures or 
organisations without legal personality. Finally, the Issuer offers the regulated savings account 
“Growth” and the non-regulated saving account “Plus”, albeit not actively. 
• 
Term deposits and savings bonds (“non-subordinated term products”). The Issuer might offer 
term deposits. Furthermore, it holds a portfolio of savings bonds for which no new offering 
occurs. As a consequence, the saving bonds portfolio is in run-off. 
• 
Subordinated certificates. The Issuer offered subordinated certificates in the past, but has no 
plans for new offerings to retail clients. 
• 
Units in undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS). Clients are 
able to sell via the Issuer, on an execution-only basis, units or shares of various third-party 
Belgian and foreign collective investment undertakings in Belgium, including investment 
companies with a variable number of shares (bevek/sicav) and mutual investment funds. 
• 
Pension saving funds: the Issuer offers saving pension contracts, such as Arpe and Arpe 
Defensive.  
• 
Structured securities. The Issuer has acted as a distributor of structured securities issued by third 
parties in the past. The Issuer has no plans to pursue the distribution of structured products at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
In the Netherlands: 
• 
Saving accounts: The Issuer offers the following savings accounts in the Netherlands: the 
“Internet Spaarrekening” and the “Jongeren Spaarrekening”. 
• 
Term deposits: The Issuer offers term deposits. 
As at 30 June 2022, approximately 81% of the Issuer’s funding was attracted from its retail clients.  
In order to diversify funding further and to support future mortgage production, the Issuer decided to securitise 
Dutch mortgage loans. Four Residential Mortgage-Backed Security (“RMBS”) transactions have been concluded 
with the following details:  
- Green Apple 2017-I NHG  
Green Apple 2017-I NHG BV issued on 5 October 2017 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 1.2 billion (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2056 with a 
prepayment option from 17 March 2024 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2018-I NHG 
Green Apple 2018-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2018 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 1 billion (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2057 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2025 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2019-I NHG 
Green Apple 2019-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2019 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 825 million (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2058 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2026 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2021-I 
Green Apple 2021-I BV issued on 23 June 2021 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional amount 
of EUR 650 million (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 70 basis points. The 
notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2060 with a prepayment 
option from 17 January 2028 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
The attracted funds were allocated by the Issuer through mortgage loans to primarily private customers and 
self-employed persons. These loans are intended for the purchase of a residence, a plot of land or residential 
renovation. In addition, the Issuer invested the attracted funds primarily in investment grade fixed-income 
securities of governments, financial institutions and other enterprises. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio of EUR 38.2 billion as of 30 June 2022 is covered by EUR 43.1 billion customer 
deposits, resulting in a solid loan to deposit ratio of 89%. 
Main geographical markets 
The geographical markets in which the Issuer actively markets to clients are Belgium and the Netherlands. The 
table below gives the split of total funding and loan origination between both countries:  
Loans and Receivables outstanding10 
 
(€ billion) 
30 June 2022 
Belgium 
19.1 
50% 
The Netherlands 
19.2 
50% 
Total 
38.2 
100% 
Funding11 
 
(€ billion) Belgium 
30 June 2022 
Current and savings deposits 
38.8 
90% 
Non-subordinated term products 
0.9 
2% 
Total Belgian deposits 
39.8 
92% 
 
 
 
(€ billion) Netherlands 
30 June 2022 
Current and savings deposits 
2.3 
5% 
Non-subordinated term products 
1.1 
2% 
Total Dutch deposits 
3.3 
8% 
Total deposits 
43.1 
100% 
                                                     
10  
For the avoidance of doubt, the amounts set out in this overview are rounded. As a consequence thereof, the sum of these differ 
from the (sub)total percentages displayed here. 
11  
For the avoidance of doubt, the percentages set out in this overview are rounded. As a consequence thereof, the sum of these 
differ from the (sub)total percentages displayed here.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Securitisation funding 
2.1 
 
EMTN 
2.0 
 
Subordinated debt 
0.0 
 
Covered Bonds 
1.5 
 
Other 
0.4 
 
Total 
49.1 
 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer’s current rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) is A (stable outlook) 
for the long-term rating and A-1 for the short-term rating. The Issuer’s rating by Standard & Poor’s was upgraded 
on 25 October 2022, from A-2 to A-1 (short-term rating) and from A- to A (long-term rating). More information 
on the upgrade of the Issuer’s rating by Standard & Poor’s can be found on the Issuer’s website: 
https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/credit-ratings.html.12  
Ratings are subject to change. Investors should look at https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/credit-
ratings.html for the most recent rating and for the underlying full analysis provided by Standard & Poor’s 
to understand the meaning of the rating. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 
September 
2009 
on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
on 
the 
ESMA’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
The description of the rating can be found on the website of Standard & Poor’s. No information from such website 
is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or forms part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not take any 
responsibility for the information contained in such website. 
Performance 
Since February 2022 and the Russian invasion in Ukraine, the economic recovery has stalled and there is even a 
run-up to recession in combination with high inflation, rising interest rates and volatile financial markets. Argenta 
has no direct exposure to Ukraine, Russia nor Belarus. In this challenging environment, the Issuer posted robust 
results of EUR 71 million after IFRIC 21 adjustment and its balance sheet grew further in the first half of 2022 to 
an amount of EUR 51.9 billion. Apart from increased retail funding both in Belgium and the Netherlands, the 
Issuer also further diversified its funding sources in 2022 with an inaugural Green Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
issuance of EUR 600 million, an issuance of EUR 500 million Green Senior Non-Preferred Notes and two EUR 
500 million covered bond issuances. 
Loan portfolio 
Since 2018 the Issuer’s balance sheet has grown with a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 7%, and the 
portfolio of loans to customers increased in the first half of 2022, by EUR 1.6 billion, as a result of new production 
in mortgage loans. The gross mortgage production in the first half of 2022 amounted to EUR 2.3 billion in the 
Netherlands and EUR 1.8 billion in Belgium for both countries at a margin of respectively 1.53% and 1.24%.  
Additionally, the portfolio remained of very good quality with declining ‘Loan to Value’ (“LTV”): in general, 
LTVs are systemically moving to the ‘lower than 75%’-bucket because of house price indexation and 
amortization. Over 90% of the mortgage loan book is part of this bucket. The average LTV on the total mortgage 
loan portfolio as at 30 June 2022 was 56%. 
The Issuer continues to adopt a conservative loan acceptance policy. At a global level, the total loan loss reserve 
increased from EUR 37.1 million end of 2021 to EUR 44.5 million as of 30 June 2022 (including impairments on 
                                                     
12  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
the investment portfolio). The main reasons for the increase are the incorporation of additional data from the 
central credit register of the NBB and the staging of inflation-vulnerable clients in Belgium. In the Netherlands 
the reason is also the staging of inflation-vulnerable clients as well as the deteriorating macro-economic outlook, 
while the changed economic outlook also triggered an increase of stage 1 and 2 provisions on the investment 
portfolio. Overall, this amount is very limited relative to the Issuer’s total portfolio, demonstrated by a cost of risk 
of 0.03% as at 30 June 2022. The NPL ratio of the mortgage portfolio in the Netherlands remained very low at 
0.4% as of 30 June 2022. The Issuer’s NPL ratio in Belgium remained very low as well at 0.5% at the end of June 
2022.  
The Issuer reported an average coverage ratio of 15% on 30 June 2022 evidencing the high quality of prime 
mortgage collateral. 
(Re)investment portfolio 
On 30 June 2022, 99% of the investment portfolio (EUR 12.9 billion including cash) was investment grade, 44% 
of the portfolio was rated AA and above, 96% of the portfolio was invested in the European Economic Area and 
investments were exclusively in euros, so no foreign exchange risk existed. The unrealised gains of financial 
assets not measured at fair value through profit and loss (“P&L”) accounts were EUR -365 million at 30 June 
2022 (through other comprehensive income (“OCI”) were EUR -74 million at 30 June 2022 and those at amortized 
cost were EUR -291 million at 30 June 2022). The Issuer continues to work on diversification in terms of loans 
to local governments, corporates and public private partnerships (“PPP”). 
On 30 June 2022, the investment portfolio had increased from EUR 10.9 billion at 31 December 2021 to EUR 
12.9 billion following the investment of the excess cash from wholesale issuances and cash collateral inflow. 
Net Interest Income, Net Interest Margin and net profit  
The following graph provides an overview of the Net Interest Income (“NII”) and the Net Interest Margin 
(“NIM”) on a half yearly basis.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Net Interest Income decreased in the first half of 2022 by EUR 30 million compared to the first half of 2021, 
mainly because of market valuations of hedging instruments. The recurring Net Interest Income was only slightly 
lower because of strong mortgage production and a gradual turnaround of interest rates. The recurring Net Interest 
Margin slightly decreased from 1.09% in the second half of 2021 to 1.01% in the first half of 2022. 
The below graph provides an overview of the asset management income distribution between transaction fees and 
management fees, on a half yearly basis. 
 
The below graph provides an overview of the growth in assets under custody, on a half yearly basis. 
 
In order to counter the effects of the low-for-long interest environment in the past years, the Issuer started 
diversifying its income sources to products that generate fee income. At 30 June 2022, the total portfolio of assets 
under custody was at a level of EUR 11.2 billion which almost equalled the position of the same day the year 
before. The portfolio decreased in the first half of 2022 because of rising interest rates and bearish financial

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
markets, leading to lower market valuations, although net production remained high. In terms of Asset 
Management fee income this meant an increase from EUR 95 million (in the first half of 2021) to EUR 104 million 
(in the first half of 2022). 
In the first half of 2022, operating expenses increased by EUR 11 million or 3.5% compared to the same period 
in 2021. This was due to inflationary effects on wages. This resulted in a C/I ratio of 63.5%. Bank levies grew by 
5% to EUR 91 million as a result of the growing retail savings portfolio. Excluding the impact of bank levies, the 
C/I ratio amounted to 49%.  
As can be seen in the graph below, the net result of EUR 37 million was EUR 16 million lower year-on-year due 
to a lower Net Interest Income, higher operating expenses, higher bank levies and higher impairments. 
 
Strategic vision and targets 
The Issuer offers simple and transparent products. The long-term relationship with tied agents with a focus on 
relationships and proximity has so far delivered a stable client base. Starting from these values, the Issuer’s 
emphasis for the coming years will be on: 
• 
Increased digitalisation 
• 
Reinforce distribution by further increasing the first banking relationship and cross-selling 
• 
Better understand client needs and accelerate the move from product to client approach, 
including financial planning 
• 
Educational programs and quality certification for tied agents 
• 
Income diversification

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
• 
More sophisticated advice to affluent clients 
• 
Reinforced cost containment efforts. 
The following table presents certain of the Issuer’s key long-term targets. These targets are not forecasts or 
predictions of future performance. These targets are based on levels of performance that the management of the 
Issuer believe are reasonable and achievable. They may be amended at any time. Actual performance is subject 
to many factors, including general economic and other factors which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including 
those set out in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that such 
targets will be met, and meeting or exceeding the targets in any financial period does not mean that such targets 
will be met in future periods. Failure to meet any of these financial targets on a continuing basis may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Issuer’s quantitative targets 
31 December 2021 
30 June 2022 
Target 
Return on Equity 
7.9% 
5.9%1 
>8% 
Leverage ratio 
4.9% 
4.2% 
>5% 
Cost/Income Ratio 
61% 
64%1 
<60% 
CET1 ratio 
21.6% 
22.4% 
>18%  
Total Capital ratio 
21.6% 
22.4% 
>20% 
Net Interest Margin (NIM) 
1.22% 
1.01% 
>1.15% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio 
145% 
145% 
>132% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
164% 
197% 
>150% 
 
 
Notes 
1 Adjusted for IFRIC 21 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
Professional and comprehensive risk management are an essential prerequisite for sustainable, profitable growth. 
The Argenta Group recognises this and views risk management as one of its core activities.  
The risk management framework is constantly updated and adjusted on the basis of new regulations, daily 
experiences and changes in Argenta Group’s activities, including changes resulting from sustainable choices made 
by Argenta Group entities (and which always tie in with Argenta Group’s activities as a bank-insurer). 
Demonstrating that adequate risk management procedures are in place is a key condition for acquiring and 
retaining the trust of all stakeholders: customers, investors, branch managers (tied agents), supervisory authorities 
and rating agencies, as well as directors, managers and employees. 
Risk management consists of managing risks, comprising the cycle of identifying, evaluating, managing and 
monitoring risks to which the Argenta Group or one of the Argenta Group entities can be exposed. This risk 
management is based on: 
(a) a clearly described management strategy that is consistent with the overall corporate strategy of the 
Argenta Group (including the Issuer). The objectives and fundamentals of that strategy, the approved 
risk tolerance limits and the division of responsibilities between all the activities of the Argenta Group 
are established in charters and related documents; 
(b) a Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) that is strongly embedded in the business plan process cycle: filling 
in the risk appetite matrix, translation into proactive RAF targets, testing against the business plan 
iterations and, finally, risk assessment.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(c) a direct link that exists between the RAF risk indicators and, on the one hand, the International Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and the International Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Process (“ILAAP”) for the Issuer and, on the other hand, the policy documents via the further translation 
into operational risk limits; 
(d) a well-defined procedure for the decision-making process, including a hierarchy of limits and an 
escalation framework; 
(e) written policies that effectively describe and classify by category the material risks to which the Argenta 
Group is exposed, and which specify the approved risk tolerance limits for each risk category. These 
policies implement Argenta Group’s risk strategy, provide for control mechanisms and take into account 
the nature, scope and timing of the business activities, as well as the associated risks; 
(f) reporting procedures and processes that ensure that the information on the risks to which Argenta Group 
(or any of its entities) is exposed and the effectiveness of the risk management system are actively 
monitored and analysed, and that appropriate changes are made to the system if necessary. This also 
includes processes (e.g. RAF - reporting and specific dashboards) for establishing any deterioration of 
the financial and non-financial risk conditions and for informing the relevant stakeholders, including the 
regulator, immediately when such a deterioration occurs; and 
(g) co-ordination between the independent control functions Compliance, Risk Management, Actuarial 
function and Internal Audit, which are centrally organised at Argenta Group level. 
Governance 
The strategy and long-term policy of all entities within the Argenta Group are determined by the executive 
committee and board of directors of the Parent. The two main subsidiaries, the Issuer and its sister entity Aras, 
are responsible for the operational management within their own areas of competence as established in the 
Memorandum of Internal Governance.  
The executive committees of the Issuer, Aras and the Parent are integrated, with a number of members in common: 
the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The 
Chief Operating Officer (COO), Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) and Chief Information Officer (CIO) work for 
both the Issuer and Aras, but not for the Parent.  
This unity of management highlights the importance of a commercial, risk and financial strategy that is 
harmonised group-wide, with an emphasis on the long-term relationship with both customers and the 
self-employed branch managers.  
Group risk management takes place, in addition to the independent Internal Audit, Actuarial and Compliance 
control functions, mainly at Argenta Group level. The risk management function supervises and controls the first 
line in respect of risk management and provides supporting risk advice. This function is performed by the Risk & 
Validation department and the NFRM&SO (Non Financial Risk Management & Supervisory Office) department 
under the hierarchical responsibility and supervision of the CRO. Along with second-line control, risk model 
validation is one of the core activities of the Risk & Validation department. 
Relevant risk management bodies and control functions are:  
(a) The Group Risk Committee (“GRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the various 
identified risks. The Group Risk Committee deals monthly with a number of themes, e.g. financial 
including capital risks, model risk, non-financial risks including compliance risk, to achieve better 
coordination, monitoring, follow-up, awareness-raising, adjustment and policy preparation at the various 
risk levels;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(b) The Asset & Liability Committee (“Alco”) is responsible for monitoring and managing the risks (interest, 
liquidity and investment portfolio) that impact the current and future profits and capital position with the 
exception of insurance risks which are managed by the Insurance Risk Committee; 
(c) The Investment Exclusion Committee (“IEC”) is responsible for determining and monitoring the group-
wide investment exclusion policy; 
(d) Alco is assisted by the Investment Committee (“IO”), the Hedging Committee (“HO”), the Covered 
Bond Expert Committee (“CBEO”) and the Rating Committee (“RO”); 
(e) The Insurance Risk Committee (“VRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the 
underwriting risks; 
(f) The Credit Risk Committee (“Kreco”) is a consultative body with decision-making authority on all 
aspects of credit risk policy regarding retail credits, i.e. credit risk analysis & control, quantification 
(including the embedding of the probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure 
at default (“EAD”) internal models) and reporting on this; 
(g) Pricing Committees (“Prico”) are responsible for the pricing of retail asset and liabilities products, the 
monitoring of the production objectives and the evolution of the commercial environment;  
(h) The Product Committee (“Proco”) monitors the implementation of the Product Approval and Review 
Process (“PARP”). For the non-retail products, in addition, under the supervision of the Alco, there is a 
PARP non retail; and 
(i) The Group Sustainability Committee (“GSC”) is responsible for the Sustainability Policy of Argenta. 
The Green Bond Committee (“GBC”) reports to the GSC and is responsible for the Green Bond 
Framework, the selection and evaluation of green projects, monitoring the relevant regulation and setting 
up the relevant reporting. 
Argenta Group operates as a bank-insurer and asset manager. As such it is exposed to various risks. The group 
risk management distinguishes amongst others between credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, climate risk and 
operational risk. The risk management policy and attendant organisational structure are designed to ensure that 
the identified risks are always properly identified, analysed, measured, monitored and managed. For an overview 
of such risks, Noteholders are invited to consult the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk management 
Liquidity risk is the risk of loss, or of an adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect 
consequence of insufficient liquidity being available to meet financial obligations. This may be the result of: 
(a) an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. a loan default; 
(b) the risk, in the Bank Pool, of a greater portion of credit lines being drawn down or more savings deposits 
being withdrawn; 
(c) the risk, in Aras, that payment obligations increase owing to a rising number of claim events, or early 
retirements or surrenders, as a result of which Aras is unable to meet its payment obligations; 
(d) the risk that the necessary financing transactions cannot be undertaken (or can be undertaken only at 
disadvantageous conditions); and 
(e) the risk that assets can be liquidated only at a severe mark-down, owing to a shortage of interested 
counterparties on the market.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
The liquidity management and the liquidity risk management of the Bank Pool are centralised at the Issuer. 
The Asset and Liability Committee (“Alco”) monitors the liquidity indicators on a permanent basis. The 
management framework is clearly defined and detailed in the financial policy. First-line responsibility for the 
measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting of the liquidity risk lies with the Asset and Liability Management 
(“ALM”) department. The second-line responsibility lies with the Risk department. The management of the 
liquidity position falls under the authority of the Treasury department. 
For measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting on the liquidity risk, the Issuer has a specially adapted 
management information system (“MIS”), including a contingency plan, in order to be able to adequately manage 
its liquidity in both normal and exceptional circumstances. In addition to the extensive regulatory reporting, 
extensive internal reporting has also been developed. In this way, management and stakeholders are aware of the 
evolving situation. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of additional Early Warning Indicators (“EWIs”), operational 
limits or flashing lights, and the organisation of stress tests are included in the Liquidity Contingency Plan. Daily 
funding reports are distributed to a broad target group within the Issuer. 
The liquidity risk appetite is managed in the Issuer’s RAF by flashing light levels on three risk indicators, namely: 
(a) The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) tests the liquidity buffer against a pre-defined net outflow of 
financial liabilities over a 30 day period; 
(b) The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) compares available liquidity against required liquidity over at 
least one year; and 
(c) The Asset Encumbrance Ratio (“AER”) compares the amount of unencumbered assets with the volume 
of protected deposits; 
In addition to the aforementioned RAF indicators, further EWIs, operational limits and flashing lights have been 
defined internally. 
In 2015, the NBB established minimum thresholds, the height of which is a function of the importance of protected 
deposits within a bank’s overall funding structure. As a category 2 bank, the Issuer is required to respect a 
minimum threshold of 90% (recovery plan) and 95% (flashing light) (total balance sheet Aspa solo/DGS eligible 
deposits) within the strict application of the AER. 
As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 197%, and its NSFR was 145%.  
As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s AER within the strict application stood at 111.8% and at 117.4% within the 
broader application. The AER is only monitored on a non-consolidated basis. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of EWIs, and the organisation of stress tests are described in the 
Liquidity Contingency Plan. 
Daily reports on the funding situation are distributed to a wide target audience, including all members of the 
Executive Committee. Discussion on the liquidity indicators is a fixed agenda item for the monthly Alco meeting. 
Overall, senior management is involved in liquidity management on a continuous basis.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Market risk management 
Interest rate risk 
The principal market risk is the Issuer’s interest rate risk, which primarily results from changes in market prices 
on investments and liabilities, unexpected changes in investment yields and changes in the correlation between 
the interest rates of various financial instruments. 
As a financial services group headed by a mixed financial holding, both the earnings and the capital position of 
the Argenta Group are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks. Interest rate fluctuations affect the return 
that the Argenta Group earns on fixed interest investments, and can also affect the value of the Argenta Group’s 
investment portfolio. The professional management of these market risks (considering the specific strategic 
positioning of the Issuer as a savings bank), is mainly geared towards the judicious management of interest rate 
risk as the principal component of market risk. 
The Alco is responsible for monitoring the interest rate risk. It carries specific responsibilities for monitoring the 
daily management of the financial position, on which it reports to the Executive Committee. It has a permanent 
remit to maintain both the income sensitivity of the Net Interest Income and the market-value sensitivity of equity 
within set limits. 
In its risk measurement and management, the Alco takes into account the various components of the interest rate 
risk contained in the balance sheet of the Issuer. These include the repricing risk (risk from interest rate mismatch 
between assets and liabilities), the yield curve risk (risk from non-parallel movement of the interest rate curve), 
the option risk (risk from the implicit and explicit options on the balance sheet) and the basic risk (risk arising 
from the use of various reference indexes on the basis of which the asset and liabilities products are repriced). 
This option risk set out above includes both the risk deriving from explicit options (interest rate caps, swaptions 
and interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk) and implicit options (related to the mortgage loan portfolio). 
In the ALM department these risks are monitored and managed by means of scenario analysis. 
In order to keep market sensitivity within the risk appetite approved by the Board of Directors for the Issuer and 
within the legal limits, endogenous and exogenous, ALM hedges are concluded. In endogenous hedging, the 
control is exercised via the duration of the asset and liability balance sheet items. Exogenous hedging involves 
using derivative instruments to manage the interest rate risk. This exogenous hedging serves to supplement the 
permanent aim of a maximally endogenous management of the balance sheet. The combination of endogenous 
and additional exogenous ALM hedging ensures that the Issuer’s commercial strategy fits entirely within the 
approved RAF. 
For strategic reasons, the Argenta Group intends to diversify its dependence on interest income and interest rate 
trends. For this reason, a greater emphasis is being placed on fee business, particularly the sale of off-balance 
sheet products, where the financial risk is borne by the client. The addition of fee business (or “Investments”) as 
a key market sector, alongside “Savings and payments”, “Loans” and “Insurance”, diversifies the Issuer’s income 
and improves its earnings quality. 
Spread widening risk 
The return on the investment portfolio is largely determined by the credit spread earned on the investments made. 
The evolution and fluctuations of the credit spread are often market driven and determined by factors other than 
those relating to the creditworthiness of the Issuer. These market risk factors induce spread widening risk.  
Alongside the pure interest rate, they are the main driver of asset returns and the economic value of the investment 
portfolio.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
The pursuit of a cautious investment policy, frequent monitoring of the fluctuations in the economic value of the 
investment portfolio and measuring the sensitivity of changes in credit spreads are therefore important pillars of 
healthy portfolio management.  
The conduct of a sound investment policy is guided by a strict investment framework that determines, based on 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the permissible investment level and maximum maturity. This investment policy 
is shaped by a thorough analysis of the credit sectors and investment files and an active screening of market 
opportunities.  
The evolution of the market value of the investment portfolio is monitored in the Alco. Credit spread sensitivity 
is calculated and monitored in the ICAAP and Own Risk & Solvency Assessment Process (“ORSA”) framework 
and the credit quality of the investments is checked against asset quality limits defined in the RAF. 
Equity risk 
From a strategic allocation perspective, equities complement the existing bond and loan portfolios and are 
intended to optimise the risk return profile of the portfolio. Within the investment framework and subject to 
compliance with strict investment criteria, the Issuer has the possibility to take equity positions into its investment 
portfolio. The equity portfolio of the Issuer at 30 June 2022 was immaterial relative to the Issuer’s own funds and 
balance sheet total. 
Property risk 
The evolution of real estate prices has an influence on lending to individuals and also influences the credit risk 
through the giving of property as collateral. As a mortgage provider, the Issuer owns a concentration in lending 
to private individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands, more particularly in the form of retail mortgage lending. 
This makes the Issuer dependent on developments in the housing market.  
In addition, the investment framework allows a portfolio of indirect investment properties to be maintained. These 
are not investments in buildings but loans to counterparties operating in real estate, within the context of a cautious 
credit policy. Within this limited framework, loans are granted to real estate counterparties. 
These real estate investments are managed within a rigorous risk management framework, including limits on 
investment types and concentration.  
Currency risk 
The Argenta Group only operates in the Benelux countries, holding investments that are exclusively denominated 
in euro, which explains the absence of currency risk. There is no intention to take positions in currencies other 
than euro in the near future. 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect consequence of 
a decline in the creditworthiness of issuers (or guarantors) of securities, of counterparties and of debtors. 
This risk arises in both traditional lending and in investment activities (other interest-bearing assets). It is linked 
to a large part to the Issuer’s activities.  
For the Issuer, there are essentially three segments of importance for credit risk: (i) the retail market and in 
particular the retail mortgage lending market (in both Belgium and the Netherlands), (ii) the investment portfolio, 
and (iii) the portfolio of loans to local and regional authorities and (selectively) to corporates. Credit risk 
management is therefore focused on these three segments.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
In the retail segment, the Issuer’s target group consists of individuals, families, self-employed persons and 
professionals having their usual place of residence in Belgium or the Netherlands and wishing to take out loans 
for mainly non-professional purposes. 
The most important elements of risk management are the Acceptance and Authorisation Framework for granting 
of loans, including set limits for creditworthiness, monitoring procedures and a monthly follow-up of the credit 
risk indicators. 
This governance is supported by the operation of the Retail Credit Risk Committee, reporting to the executive 
committee and to the Risk Committee of the board of directors. 
The non-retail investment framework focuses on strong counterparty quality, with a focus on diversification into 
investments in companies, in indirect real estate and in positions in securities issued by or loans to local authorities 
and public sector entities. 
The application and practical implementation of the investment policy is also supported by the Investment 
Committee, in which representatives of the Executive Committee (in the case of escalation), Treasury and 
Investment Management and the Credit Risk Analysis department in the first line, and Risk in the second line, 
discuss and decide on investment issues. 
The internal investment framework establishes which bonds and which ratings may be considered for investment. 
The ratings of all fixed-income securities are then systematically monitored. If, after purchase, the rating of a bond 
drops below the set minimum rating requirement, the bonds concerned will be discussed again by the Alco and 
the RO. The Alco, and consequently the Issuer’s Executive Committee, must then make an explicit judgment on 
whether or not to maintain the position. The positions maintained are also reported to the Risk Committee of the 
board of directors. 
The Issuer has opted, for its mortgage lending, subject to non-material exceptions, and for banking and corporate 
counterparties, to use internal ratings and to calculate its own capital requirements using the Internal Ratings 
Based (Foundation) method (“IRB(F) method”). This means that a risk category is assigned to each loan when 
granted. To this end, the Bank Pool has, where applicable, itself developed models. A distinction is made between 
models for the probability of default (“PD”) and the loss given default (“LGD”). For the retail credit portfolios, 
for which an internal rating based system has been selected, both a PD model and an LGD model have been 
developed. Every month, the PD and LGD models are applied to the total mortgage loan portfolio in order to 
calculate the capital requirement for unforeseen losses. For banking and corporate counterparties, this is a 
Foundation Internal Ratings Based (“FIRB”) approach, where only a PD model has been developed.  
Climate risk management 
As a result of the publication of the ECB’s “Guide on climate-related and environmental risks – Supervisory 
expectations relating to risk management and disclosure”, the Issuer has defined an action plan to integrate climate 
risk in its existing risk governance framework. The Issuer is in the process of implementing this action plan and 
has taken important steps in incorporating climate-related and environmental risks as drivers of existing risk 
categories in the Issuer’s risk management framework, and identifying and qualifying these risks within the overall 
processes of ensuring capital adequacy (stress-testing). 
Non-financial risk management 
In addition to liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk and climate risk, the risk cartography as to financial risks 
contains eight risk types, including but not limited to capital risk, business risk, model risk and underwriting risk 
(the latter solely for the insurance company).  
All businesses carrying out activities of any kind have to contend with non-financial risks. Financial institutions 
and groups, such as the Argenta Group, are no exception.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
The Argenta Group’s activities depend on the ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, 
accurately and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Non-financial risks 
and losses result from inadequate or failed internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal 
requirements), human actions (including fraud and employee errors) and systems (such as system failure) or due 
to external events (such as natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including those of the Argenta 
Group’s suppliers or counterparties). The impact may consist of financial or reputational loss.  
The fairly limited number of products and services of the Issuer and Aras allows the non-financial risks to be kept 
limited. Although the Argenta Group has taken measures to control the risks and limit any losses, as well as 
earmarking substantial funds for the development of efficient procedures and staff training, it is impossible to 
implement procedures that allow the Argenta Group to exclude all these non-financial risks in a completely 
effective manner. Within the overall RAF these risks too are managed in a structured way.  
The risk appetite and risk appetite statements for non-financial risks with risk limits is an integral part of the Non-
Financial Risk Management (“NFRM”) policy (including the calculation of capital requirement for operational 
risks, with complementary scenario analyses performed here). 
The quarterly reporting on non-financial risks includes at least the following elements:  
Operational incidents occurring and producing financial and/or reputational loss are recorded in an incident & 
loss database (Pentana), classified by department, sub-domain, activity, Basel risk category and cause. 
Non financial risks are moreover actively tracked using a set of “Risk Profiles” based on the risk cartography 
(containing 12 NFR risk types being sourcing risk, human resources risk, information security & cyber risk, 
compliance risk, legal (including regulatory) risk, fraud risk, data management risk, strategic & change risk, 
business continuity risk, brand (including reputational) & sustainability risk, IT risk and process risk) and 
additional “Key Risk Indicators”, which are evaluated quarterly at the Group Risk Committee Non Financial Risk 
(“GRC NFR”) and (gradually) included in the RAF reporting. In accordance with Argenta’s Governance 
Memorandum and Policy on Non Financial Risks, these risks are reported to and discussed at the GRC NFR, the 
ExCom and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 
At least once a year each department within the Argenta Group formally evaluates its internal control maturity 
(“COSO evaluation”). The maturity score is obtained by completing the COSO questionnaire (supported by 
requested supporting documents). COSO is the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission. The questionnaire is based on the international COSO framework and asks questions about the 
various COSO components, including control environment, risk management and control measures. This COSO 
maturity score also forms the basis for one of the qualitative RAF limits.  
In addition, every year a scenario analysis is done, where Executive Committee members define general business-
wide scenarios that can have a major impact on the entities of the Argenta Group. These scenarios are used for 
the calculation of capital under ICAAP and ORSA. 
Strategic risk 
Strategic risk is the risk of loss or of adverse change in the financial situation as a direct or indirect result of 
business decisions, implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changing market conditions (both 
commercial and financial).  
The Argenta Group makes resources available for achieving the strategic objectives as defined in the business 
strategy. These resources include communication channels, systems, human resources, networks, and 
management time and skills. The strategic goals are defined by the executive committee, approved by the board 
of directors, and monitored on a regular basis.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
The ultimate fulfilment of the business strategy depends on the adequacy of the resources made available and on 
the way these resources are used. 
Reputational risk 
The Argenta Group is constantly exposed to the risk of loss or of adverse change in its financial situation resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from changes in its reputation or standing caused by an altered perception of its image by 
its various stakeholders (including customers, counterparties, shareholders and regulators).  
Regulatory risk 
The regulatory risk is the risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect result of 
future legislative or regulatory changes. Wherever it operates, the Argenta Group and its entities are subject to the 
laws, regulations, administrative measures and policy regulations governing the provision of financial services.  
Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the activities, products and services that the 
entities of the Argenta Group offer or the value of its assets. Although the entities of the Argenta Group work in 
close dialogue with the regulators and continuously monitor the situation and future changes to the regulations, 
policy here can be unpredictable. 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Introduction 
The Belgian Banking Law puts a lot of emphasis on a solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions, and 
introduces a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees within the board of 
directors (audit committee, risk committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee), independent 
control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the 
form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
The Belgian Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which 
is within the competence of the executive committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of 
the credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the board of directors. In accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law, the Issuer has an executive committee of which each member is also a member of the board 
of directors. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law, the members of the executive committee and the board of directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further elaborated 
by the NBB in a Circular of 18 September 2018 (Circular NBB_2018_25 / Suitability of directors, members of 
the management committee, responsible persons of independent control functions and senior managers of 
financial institutions). On 2 July 2021, the European Banking Authority (the “EBA”) and ESMA published their 
revised final joint Guidelines on the assessment of the suitability of members of the management body and key 
function holders, taking into account the amendments introduced by the revised Capital Requirements Directive 
(the “CRD V”) and the Investment Firms Directive (the “IFD”), and their effect on the assessment of the 
suitability of members of the management body, in particular with regard to money laundering and financing 
terrorism risks, and gender diversity. These new guidelines have been transposed by the NBB by virtue of two 
Circulars of 16 November 2021 (Circular NBB_2021_27 / EBA Guidelines of 2 July 2021 on the assessment of 
the suitability of members of the management body and key function holders; Circular NBB_2021_28 / EBA 
Guidelines of 2 July 2021 on internal governance under Directive 2013/36/EU). These new guidelines have 
applied to competent authorities across the EU as well as to institutions (including the Issuer) on a solo and 
consolidated basis since 31 December 2021. On 11 October 2022, the NBB published its revised governance 
manual for the banking sector to reflect the entry into force of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the 
new guidelines of the EBA on sound governance, and the legal and regulatory developments that have occurred

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
since 2018, which takes into account the changes by the new NBB circulars in the field of the fit and proper 
standards. The changes introduced by the revised governance manual entered into force on 11 October 2022 with 
immediate effect. 
Although it is incumbent first and foremost upon the financial institutions themselves to select and retain the right 
people, the suitability assessment is part of the prudential supervision carried out by the NBB and, where 
applicable, the ECB. 
Board of directors 
The boards of directors of the companies of the Argenta Group have similar structures. They include in each case: 
− 
the members of the executive committee of the company concerned (the executive directors); 
− 
a number of independent directors; and 
− 
a number of directors representing the family shareholder (together with the independent directors, the 
non-executive directors). 
The number of directors for each board of directors should, preferably, not exceed fifteen. 
Members of the board of directors must be natural persons. 
In principle, directors’ mandates are for six years and are renewable. The following age limits apply to directors: 
− 
executive directors are legally required to resign on reaching the age of 65; 
− 
non-executive directors resign automatically on reaching the age of 70 years; 
− 
directors reaching the age limits may continue to exercise their mandates until a successor is appointed. 
The board of directors are composed in such a way that none of the three groups (the directors representing the 
family shareholder, the independent directors and directors who are members of the Executive Committee) are in 
the majority, whereas the non-executive directors (being the directors representing the family shareholder together 
with the independent directors) are in the majority. 
The independent directors are appointed in view of attracting competences in the core activities of the Argenta 
Group, being banking and insurance. Independent directors must demonstrate extensive experience in at least one 
of these core areas, in the course of former or current employment. They must meet all the requirements as 
stipulated in Article 7:87, §1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen 
en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations).  
The boards of directors of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras have a number of independent directors. At least one 
independent director of the Issuer is not a director in Aras, and likewise. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Issuer consists of 13 directors, as listed below: 
 
Name 
 
 
Function 
 
 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External 
mandates 
(outside 
the 
Issuer) 
 
 
Marc van Heel  
Chairman 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2023 
Chairman of the Parent; and 
Chairman of Argenta Assuranties NV.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Bart Van 
Rompuy 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2026 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Investar NV; and 
Director of the Parent. 
Baudouin 
Thomas 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Manager of BTH Consulting BV;  
Director Tender Experts BV (as permanent 
representative of BTH Consulting BV);  
DirectorReimagine (as permanent representative 
of BTH Consulting BV); and 
Director of the Parent. 
Raf 
Vanderstichele 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of the Parent; and 
Manager of Korora BV;  
Carlo Henriksen 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2023 
Director of the Parent; and 
Director of Donorinfo, public utility foundation 
and 
Director of Cofena, public utility foundation 
 
Cynthia Van 
Hulle 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting 
of 
October 2026 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Argenta Coöperatieve CV;  
Director of WDP NV; and 
Director of Miko NV. 
 
Marie-Anne 
Haegeman 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2025 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Euroclear Bank NV. 
 
Peter Devlies  
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2029 
Director of the Parent; 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Chairman of Argenta Asset Management SA.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Geert Ameloot 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of the Parent; and 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
 
Gert Wauters 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
 
Inge Ampe 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
 
 
Ann Brands 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
 
Brigitte Buyle 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of Argenta Assurenties NV. 
The business address for the members of the board of directors is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium. 
Executive committee 
The executive committee of the Parent stipulates the limits within which the various companies of the Argenta 
Group can operate and exercise their responsibilities. 
The executive committee of the Parent consists of a Chairman of the Executive Committee (CEO), a Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) and a Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The executive committee of the Issuer currently consists 
of a Chairman of the Executive committee (CEO), a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Risk Officer (CRO), 
a Chief Operations Officer (COO), a Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) and a Chief Information Officer (CIO). 
These six members are also part of, and exercise the same functions in, the executive committee of Aras. Policy 
decisions related to corporate social responsibility (including economic, environmental and social impact) are 
monitored directly by the CEO. 
The executive committees of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras are composed of executive directors with considerable 
banking and/or insurance experience, or a considerable training and/or experience in relation to bank management, 
as well as management skills. 
The Issuer’s executive committee consists of the following members: 
 
Peter Devlies, CEO; 
Geert Ameloot, CFO; 
Gert Wauters, CRO; 
Inge Ampe, CCO; 
Ann Brands, COO; and 
Brigitte Buyle, CIO. 
The business address for the members of the Executive Committee is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Audit and risk committees 
Argenta Group has separate audit and risk committees within the respective boards of directors of the Issuer and 
Aras. At the Issuer, both committees are chaired by an independent non-executive director not belonging to the 
board of directors of Aras.  
The group level control functions of the Parent are overseen by the Issuer’s Audit Committee and Risk Committee 
set up within its board of directors. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s audit committee consists of the following members: 
 
Raf Vanderstichele (chairman); 
Marc van Heel (ad interim); and 
Baudouin Thomas. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s risk committee consists of the following members: 
 
Carlo Henriksen (chairman); 
Bart Van Rompuy; 
Raf Vanderstichele; 
Marc van Heel; and 
Baudouin Thomas. 
Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee 
One Remuneration committee and one Nomination committee are active within the Argenta Group. These are set 
up within the board of directors of Argenta Group. Based on a waiver granted by the supervisory authority, they 
operate at group level. No separate nomination committees have been set up within the boards of directors of 
either the Issuer or Aras. 
The Remuneration Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and advises on the remuneration 
policy of the members of the board of directors, of those employees whose professional activities can have a 
material impact on the Argenta Group (the “identified staff”) and on that of all other employees of the Argenta 
Group. It monitors the evolution of compensation within the Argenta Group, ensures that the remuneration policy 
promotes a solid risk culture and makes general recommendations to the board of directors. For this, it also 
examines annually whether the remuneration of the employees and staff within the Argenta Group is in line with 
the remuneration policy. 
The Nominations Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and is tasked with assisting the boards 
of directors of the different companies of the Argenta Group, advising them on assuming their responsibilities and 
on taking the necessary decisions with regard to the composition, structure and functioning of the board and of 
the executive committee. For this, the Nominations Committee examines the performance of the Boards of 
directors and of the executive committees of the companies of the Argenta Group, as well as the performance of 
the individual members, and prepares the succession planning in the two bodies. 
The Group Oversight Committee 
The Argenta Group has a Group Oversight Committee at the level of the Parent. The committee is chaired by 
Baudouin Thomas.  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group Oversight Committee consists of the following members:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Baudouin Thomas (chairman); 
Marc van Heel; and 
Bart Van Rompuy. 
Banking Supervision 
Introduction 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) 
with regard to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
Supervision and regulatory framework 
The regulatory framework relevant to the Issuer includes: 
− 
The prudential requirements under Basel III, which have been implemented in the EU through 
the adoption of Regulation (EC) nr. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions (“CRR”) and Directive 
2013/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (“CRD”, and 
together with the CRR, “CRD IV”).  
− 
Regulation (EC) nr. 1024/2013 of the Council of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on 
the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (“Single 
Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”) conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies 
relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions. Under the SSM, the ECB has 
assumed certain supervisory responsibilities in relation to the Issuer, which were previously 
handled by the NBB. The ECB may interpret the applicable banking regulations, or exercise 
discretions given to the regulator under the applicable banking regulations, in a different manner 
than the NBB. 
− 
Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and 
the Council (“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” or “SRMR”). The Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit 
institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB (i.e., including the Issuer). The SRMR 
has established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), a resolution decision-making authority 
replacing national resolution authorities for resolution decisions with regard to significant credit 
institutions. Pursuant to the division of responsibilities introduced by the SRMR, the SRB is 
responsible as of 1 January 2016 for vetting resolution plans and deciding on the resolution of 
significant credit institutions that are failing or likely to fail, while the national resolution 
authorities are responsible for implementing the resolution actions decided by the SRB in 
accordance with national law. The Single Resolution Board will act in close cooperation with 
the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the national resolution authorities 
(including the resolution college of the NBB within the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 
22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National Bank of Belgium). The Single 
Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 together with the resolution college of the NBB, in accordance 
with the division of responsibilities set out in the SRMR, and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 
18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation) is hereinafter referred to as the “Relevant 
Resolution Authority”. Moreover, the SRMR established a Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) 
which will be built up with contributions of the banking sector to provide funding support for 
the resolution of credit institutions. The overall aim of the SRMR is to ensure an orderly 
resolution of failing banks with minimal costs to taxpayers and the real economy. 
− 
Directive 2014/59/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (“BRRD”), implemented in Belgian law through the Belgian Banking Law. 
The aim of the BRRD is to provide supervisory and resolution authorities with common tools 
and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and 
minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
− 
Furthermore, changes are also being made to the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee announced a final agreement on the finalisation of Basel III 
(commonly referred to as Basel IV). This will result in an increase of the capital requirements for CET1 from 
2022 onwards. Such impact can initially be assessed at 1% to 1.25% of CET1 ratio, based on the current 
agreement. This estimation is subject to the transposition of the international agreement in EU legal framework, 
the discretion of the macro prudential authority to mitigate the impact of different measures and the forthcoming 
structure of the balance sheet. In the event that the European authorities when transposing Basel IV were to deviate 
from this final agreement, the Issuer’s solvency position could be impacted. In the event that the separate 
discussions at the level of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision regarding sovereign and public exposures 
were to lead to an agreement on these matters, this could also materially affect the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
A series of measures referred to as the “Banking Reform Package” have been agreed in April 2019 and aim to 
further reduce risks in the banking sector by reinforcing further banks' ability to withstand potential shocks. The 
Banking Reform Package was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 (and came into force on 
27 June 2019) and this package updates the framework of harmonised rules established following the financial 
crisis and introduces changes to the CRR, the CRD, the BRRD and the SRMR. The Banking Reform Package has 
formally been transposed into Belgian law by amending the Belgian Banking Law.  
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package aimed at facilitating bank lending to 
support the economy and help mitigate the economic impact of COVID-19. The European Commission proposed 
a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in the CRR in order to maximise the 
ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 
2019/876 (the “CRR Quick Fix”), the date of application of a number of requirements under the CRR, such as 
the leverage ratio buffer, was deferred to 1 January 2023. These requirements have since entered into force.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission has adopted a review of the CRR and the CRD (the “2021 
Banking Package”) in order to ensure that European banks become more resilient to potential future economic 
shocks, while contributing to Europe’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate 
neutrality.  
Belgian Banking Law 
The Belgian Banking Law implements various European Directives and Regulations, including but not limited to 
CRD IV and BRRD, as well as various measures which have been introduced since the financial crisis.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
The Issuer is required to meet certain capital and liquidity requirements under CRD IV. Such requirements have 
been gradually phased in and have an impact on the Issuer and its operations, as it imposes higher capital 
requirements. Any failure of the Issuer to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in 
administrative actions or sanctions. 
As set out above, in accordance with the Banking Reform Package, some further changes to the capital 
requirements rules, known as “CRD V” have been adopted. Under this package, the liquidity coverage ratio 
“LCR” and the net stable funding ratio “NSFR” will become binding. The LCR is defined as the unencumbered 
stock of high quality liquid assets relative to the total net cash outflows over a 30 day time period. The NSFR is 
defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. These ratios 
must at all times be equal to or greater than 100%. As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 
197%, and its NSFR was 145%.  
The countercyclical capital buffer, which aims to protect the Issuer against future losses, while maintaining the 
extension of credit to the economy and avoiding the build-up of systemic risk, is determined on a quarterly basis 
by the NBB, based on indicators specified in the Belgian Banking Law. The NBB decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer percentage at 0% for Belgian counterparties. The countercyclical buffer for the Issuer is 
less than 1 bp in case all current countercyclical buffers already in place are added. The buffer is determined by 
the buffer rates introduced by each European designated authority and the relative exposures of the Issuer in each 
specific country. During the COVID-19 crisis, many countries have released, reduced, or delayed planned 
increases in their countercyclical capital buffers. On 16 December 2022, the NBB decided to maintain the 
countercyclical buffer of 0% in light of, among other things, the need to support the Belgian real economy. 
The Issuer will also be subject to a leverage ratio of 3% for institutions as a backstop measure alongside current 
risk-based regulatory capital requirements. In light of the COVID-19 crisis, the CRR Quick Fix deferred the date 
of application of the leverage ratio buffer requirement to 1 January 2023. The leverage ratio buffer requirement 
has since entered into force, but applies solely to ‘global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs)’, which 
category does not include the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s capital conservation buffer was phased in and amounts to 2.50% as from 1 January 2021. The capital 
conservation buffer is designed to ensure that banks build up capital buffers outside periods of stress which can 
be drawn down as losses are incurred. 
Article 14 of the fourth Appendix of the Belgian Banking Law also allows the NBB to impose an additional capital 
buffer on domestic systemically important institutions, and which may be set at an amount up to 3% CET1. The 
NBB has made use of this option via the NBB regulation dated 10 November 2015, as ratified by royal decree of 
27 November 2015. As from 1 January 2018, the Issuer has been subject to an additional capital buffer of 0.75%. 
Effective 1 January 2023, the NBB regulation dated 10 November 2015 was revoked and replaced by the new 
NBB regulation dated 12 April 2022, ratified by royal decree of 10 November 2022. However, the additional 
capital buffer applicable to the Issuer under the new NBB regulation has remained at 0.75%. 
The Issuer’s pillar 2 requirement (P2R) under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) currently 
amounts to 1.50%. 
European resolution regime 
The BRRD and the SRMR grant powers to resolution authorities that include (but are not limited to) a statutory 
“write-down and conversion power” in relation to Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments 
(including the Subordinated Notes) and a “bail-in” power in relation to eligible liabilities (as defined in Article 
2(1)(71) BRRD (transposed into Article 242, 10° of the Belgian Banking Law), i.e., the liabilities and capital 
instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 capital instruments or tier 2 capital 
instruments and that are not excluded from the scope of the bail-in power by virtue of Article 44(2) BRRD, which 
includes the Senior Notes). These powers allow the Relevant Resolution Authority to cancel all or a portion of the 
principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (potentially including the Notes) of a failing

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could be the Notes) into another instrument of 
ownership, including ordinary shares of the Issuer, if any. The “write down and conversion” and “bail-in” powers 
are part of a broader set of resolution powers provided to the resolution authorities under the BRRD and the SRMR 
in relation to distressed credit institutions and investment firms. These resolution tools include the ability for the 
resolution authorities to force, in certain circumstances of distress, the sale of a credit institution’s business or its 
critical functions, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in 
respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including amending the maturity date, 
any interest payment date or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension of payments) 
and/or discontinue the listing and admission to trading of debt instruments issued by the credit institution. 
The Belgian Banking Law has transposed the BRRD into Belgian law. Please see below for a description of the 
Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime. 
Belgian Bank Recovery and Resolution regime 
Under the Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime, the supervisory authorities are able to take a number of 
measures (herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement) in respect of any credit institution it supervises if 
deficiencies in such credit institution’s operations are not adequately remedied. In case these measures are not 
complied with by the credit institution, or if the credit institution’s situation has not improved after implementation 
of 
such 
measures, 
the 
supervisory 
authorities 
can 
take 
exceptional 
measures 
(uitzonderlijke 
herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement exceptionnelles). Such measures include: the appointment of a 
special commissioner whose consent is required for all or some of the decisions taken by the institution’s corporate 
bodies; the imposition of additional requirements in terms of solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and the 
imposition of other limitations; requesting limitations on variable remuneration; the complete or partial suspension 
or prohibition of the institution’s activities; the requirement to transfer all or part of the institution’s participations 
in other companies; replacing the institution’s directors or managers; and revocation of the institution’s license, 
the right to impose the reservation of distributable profits, or the suspension of discretionary payments or interest 
payments to holders of additional tier 1 capital instruments. 
Furthermore, the Relevant Resolution Authority can impose specific measures on an important financial 
institution (including the Issuer, and whether systemic or not) when the Relevant Resolution Authority is of the 
opinion that (a) such financial institution has an unsuitable risk profile or (b) the policy of the financial institution 
can have a negative impact on the stability of the financial system. 
The Belgian Banking Law and the SRMR allow the Relevant Resolution Authority to take resolution actions 
(please see the paragraph on European Resolution Regime above). Such powers include the power to (i) direct the 
sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring 
the consent of the shareholders or complying with procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, 
(ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity created 
for that purpose which is wholly or partially in public control), (iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or 
problem assets to a bridge institution or one or more asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed 
with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down and (iv) apply the bail-in 
power. The bail-in power allows the Relevant Resolution Authority to decide to write down or convert into shares 
or other proprietary instruments all or part of a credit institution’s eligible liabilities, as defined above, in order to 
(i) recapitalise the credit institution to the extent sufficient to restore its ability to comply with its licensing 
conditions and to continue to carry out the activities for which it is licensed and to sustain sufficient market 
confidence in the institution, or (ii) convert or reduce the principal amount of debt instruments that are transferred 
to a bridge institution with a view to providing capital for that bridge institution or as part of a sale of the business 
or transfer of assets. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write down or convert all Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 Capital 
instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) at the institution’s point of non-viability (i.e., the point at which 
the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or would cease to be viable 
(within the meaning of Article 251 of the Belgian Banking Law) if those capital instruments were not written

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
down or converted or at least together with, the application of any resolution tool (including the exercises of the 
bail-in powers)) and in other limited circumstances set out in Article 250 of the Belgian Banking Law. 
In addition, all Tier 1 Capital instruments and the Tier 2 Capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) 
must be written down or converted before, or at least together with, the application of any resolution tool as set 
out above (including the exercise of the bail-in powers) if deemed necessary in order to avoid the institution or 
group becoming non-viable. Accordingly, the Subordinated Notes would in any event be written-down or 
converted at the latest at the same time with any bail-in of senior debt claims (such as the Senior Notes) and 
possibly before, if deemed necessary in order to avoid that the institution becomes non-viable. See also risk factor 
“Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or if 
the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met”. 
When applying the bail-in tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority takes one or both of the following actions in 
respect of shareholders and holders of other proprietary instruments: 
1. 
cancel existing shares or other proprietary instruments or transfer them to bailed-in creditors; 
2. 
provided that the institution under resolution has a positive net value, dilute existing shareholders and 
holders of other proprietary instruments as a result of the conversion into shares or other proprietary 
instruments of relevant capital instruments issued by the institution pursuant to the Resolution 
Authority’s conversion power or eligible liabilities issued by the institution under resolution. Such 
conversion shall be conducted at a rate of conversion that severely dilutes existing holdings of shares or 
other proprietary instruments. 
For the purposes of the Relevant Resolution Authority’s bail-in powers, credit institutions must at all times meet 
robust minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) so that there is sufficient capital 
and liabilities available to recapitalise failing credit institutions.  
As at 30 June 2022, the MREL ratio was reported in terms of Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”) and amounted to 
7.99% compared to an intermediate target of 7.00%. The subordinated MREL ratio amounted to 7.08% compared 
to an intermediate target of 6.63%. Both targets will move towards a final target of 7.57% in 2024.  
Pursuant to Article 267/5, §1 Belgian Banking Law, eligible liabilities shall be included in the amount of own 
funds and eligible liabilities if they satisfy the conditions set out in Article 72a, 72b (except §2(d)) and 72c of the 
CRR.  
The draft technical standards on the criteria for determining the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities currently do not provide details on the implications of a failure by an institution to comply with its 
MREL requirements. However, if the approach set out by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) in respect of the 
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) for Global Systemically Important banks (“G-SIBs”) is adopted in 
respect of MREL, there is a possibility that a failure by an institution to comply with MREL could be treated in 
the same manner as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements. Accordingly, a failure by the 
Issuer to comply with its MREL requirement may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
conditions and results of operations. The Issuer is not a G-SIB as defined under term sheet published by the FSB 
on 9 November 2015 (the “FSB TLAC Term Sheet”) and is therefore currently not subject to the FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet.  
As indicated above, the Banking Reform Package has been adopted and amends the BRRD. This reform package 
introduces the concepts "resolution entity" and "resolution group" and also allows authorities to suspend certain 
contractual obligations of institutions and entities for a maximum of two days. 
The legal basis for any resolution decisions taken by the SRB is the SRMR, which mirrors certain provisions of 
the BRRD. Hence, any reference in this Base Prospectus to the provisions of the Belgian Banking Law

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
implementing the BRRD must be read as also referring to the corresponding provisions in the SRMR where the 
Relevant Resolution Authority is the SRB. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, and their private interests. 
The Issuer further confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests that are material to the issuance of the 
Notes, between any of the members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, and their duties 
pursuant to the issuance of the Notes. 
The Argenta Group has a conflict of interest policy in place, which can be consulted on the website of the Issuer, 
www.argenta.be. 
GOVERNMENTAL, LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Argenta Group’s 
financial position or profitability.  
TREND INFORMATION 
Material adverse changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021 (the date of its 
latest published audited financial statements). 
Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events  
Inflation is high due to the war in Ukraine, supply chain issues making commodities scarce and the increase in 
energy prices. In addition, the weakened euro is also causing imported inflation. If the labour market remains as 
tight, a wage-price spiral could occur. However, the unemployment figures for the Eurozone show no signs of 
weakening. 
Monetary policy in the Eurozone has started with tightening, but it remains insufficient to fight inflation. Real 
interest rates are well below inflation expectations.  
The combination of high inflation and high energy prices may negatively impact credit impairments. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of Argenta Group (including the Issuer) being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting 
Standard (“CRS”). As of 22 November 2022, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral competent 
authority agreement (“MCAA”) amounted to 119. The MCAA is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into 
effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which include trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in 
CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 
2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of savings income (commonly 
referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. Austria has been nonetheless allowed to exchange 
information under DAC2 as from 1 January 2017. 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of information based on the CRS. This new agreement replaces the 
agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. As of 1 January 2017, financial institutions 
in the EU and Switzerland apply the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new agreement to identify 
customers who are reportable persons, i.e., for Switzerland residents of any EU Member State. This data was 
exchanged for the first time in autumn 2018. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 
on the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in Belgium 
(i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, 
irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is 
only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards 
the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date 
determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, it has been provided that the mandatory 
automatic exchange applies (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) for a first list of 18 
countries, (ii) as of income year 2017 (first information exchange in 2018) for a second list of 44 countries, (iii) 
as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) for a third list of 1 country and (iv) as of income year 
2019 (first information exchange in 2020) for a fourth list of 6 countries. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each a “participating Member State”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt since the FTT should not apply to (inter alia) primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, including the activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation 
of financial instruments in the framework of their issue. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they were 
discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualization of the tax as 
a contribution to the EU budget.  
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would be 
levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including 
ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of 
other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. an acquisition 
of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement 
of a derivative). The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a 
Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, 
the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the participating Member 
States by the end 2022, it will endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 in 
view of its introduction by 1 January 2026. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES  
The following is an overview of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended neither as 
tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or resulting from 
any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the 
Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile.  
The overview provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s tax 
laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law or practice, the 
tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. Prospective investors should be aware that tax laws of 
the investor’s own tax jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s Member State of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the Notes. 
For the purpose of the summary below, a Belgian resident is, (a) an individual subject to Belgian personal income 
tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has 
his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (b) a legal entity subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (i.e. a company that has its main establishment, 
its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium) (A company having its registered seat in Belgium 
shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to have its principal establishment, administrative seat or 
effective place of management in Belgium),  (c) an Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated 
under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities 
tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) (i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to 
corporate income tax having its main establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium). 
A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident.  
1. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian 
withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30%. Both Belgian domestic 
tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and 
formalities. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity 
date) and, (iii) if the Notes qualify as “fixed income securities” (in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° 
Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992 (wetboek van de inkomenstenbelastingen 1992/code des impôts sur 
les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”)), in case of a realisation of Notes between two interest payment 
dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the 
detention period. “Fixed income securities” are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by 
banks (kasbon/bon de caisse) and other similar securities, including securities where income is 
capitalised or securities which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued with a 
discount corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made 
without deduction or withholding of Belgian withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at 
the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible 
Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with 
a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities Settlement

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
System operated by the NBB. Certain banks, stockbrokers, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS and 
Euronext Securities Milan are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive gross 
interest income on their Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement system must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of 
Eligible Investors in an X Account. Payments of interest made through an X Account are free of Belgian 
withholding tax. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding 
van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du 
précompte mobilier) which include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, 
b) of the BITC 1992); 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on 
the control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the 
application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC1992;  
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatale instellingen/organismes paraétatiques) for social 
security, or institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the 
royal decree implementing the BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, 
the “RD/BITC 1992”); 
(iv) 
non-resident investors provided for in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992 who do not hold the 
Notes in connection with a professional activity conducted in Belgium; 
(v) 
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 
of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income 
generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are 
subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with Article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii) 
collective investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed 
by a management company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not 
offered publicly in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively 
or principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant 
eligibility rules.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Upon the opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, an Eligible Investor is required to provide 
the Participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept with a statement of its 
eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There are no ongoing declaration 
requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the 
information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with declarations as to the eligible status of each 
investor for whom they have held Notes in an X Account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of 
Notes that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that 
each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary must deliver to the 
Participant a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that: (i) the 
Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor; and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it 
are also Eligible Investors. The Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible 
status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined 
in Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012 (“CSD”) acting as Participants to the Securities Settlement System (each, a “NBB-CSD”), 
provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X Accounts and that they are able to identify the 
Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply, 
it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as 
Participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS or Euronext Securities Milan or any other NBB-CSD, provided that (i) they only hold X Accounts, 
(ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual 
rules agreed upon by these NBB-CSDs include the contractual undertaking that their clients, holders of 
accounts, are all Eligible Investors. The Eligible Investors will need to confirm their status as Eligible 
Investors in the account agreement to be concluded with Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS or 
Euronext Securities Milan or any other NBB-CSD. 
In accordance with the Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X 
Account will, following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from 
the Belgian tax authorities of an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes 
from the last preceding Interest Payment Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the 
Securities Settlement System. As a condition of acceptance of the Notes into the Securities Settlement 
System, the Noteholders waive the right to claim such indemnity.  
2. 
Belgian income tax 
2.1 
Belgian resident individuals 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian 
resident individuals as they do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
2.2 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
principle 25%. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% applies to the 
first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by Article 1:24, 
§1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code).  
The withholding tax, if any, retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, 
all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the 
Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within 
the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC 1992.  
2.3 
Belgian legal entities 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian 
legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes 
morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross 
interest income are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final withholding tax exemption) to declare 
and pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities (which withholding tax then generally 
also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as defined in section 1 entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. 
2.4 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, 
are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited 
against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
2.5 
Belgian non-residents 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the 
Notes through a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in the context 
of their Belgian professional activity will in principle not become liable for any Belgian tax on income 
or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership, redemption or disposal of the Notes, 
provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see above).  
3. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) 
will be levied on the acquisition and disposal for consideration of Notes on the secondary market if (i) 
entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be entered 
into or carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional 
intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(gewone verblijfplaats/résidence habituelle) in Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or 
establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. on each acquisition and disposal separately, with a maximum 
amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any 
such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the 
professional intermediary. The acquisition of the Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not 
subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
If the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will in 
principle be due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on the 
stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which 
gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest 
on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was realized. The qualifying order 
statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A 
duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Professional 
intermediaries established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange tax representative 
in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). In 
such case the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the Belgian Treasury to 
pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations in that respect. 
If such Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian 
Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The tax referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including 
investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary 
in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in 
Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code 
des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated above, on 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal stipulates that once the FTT enters 
into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions and the tax 
on repurchase transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, 
participating Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new 
FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  The 
proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time. 
4. 
Tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts (jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekening/taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres) was introduced (the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the average 
value during the reference period (i.e. a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1 October and 
ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in 
Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by 
non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. Belgian 
establishments from Belgian non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
scope of this tax. Note that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. 
Hence, to the extent the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the 
meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by specific 
types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity and for their own account. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each 
holder is jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration 
requirements for all holders. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable 
financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 
30 September) divided by the number of those reference points in time. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as 
previously defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions and investment companies (currently defined by, respectively, Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 
April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institution and Article 2 of the Law of 20 July 2022 on 
the status and supervision of stockbroking firms) and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 
3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal 
status and supervision of portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant 
to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of 
the Minister of Finance (the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare 
and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has 
withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account 
needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, 
declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative 
of a foreign intermediary. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations 
(e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than EUR 
1,000,000), the deadline for filing the tax return for the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts corresponds 
with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, 
irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the year on 
which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
A retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, targeting (i) 
the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial intermediary and 
(ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial instruments. Furthermore, a 
general anti-abuse provision was introduced. However, on 27 October 2022, the Constitutional Court 
annulled (i) the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions and (ii) the retroactive effect of the 
rebuttable general anti-abuse provision, meaning that this latter provision can only apply as from 26 
February 2021. The other provisions of the Law of 27 February 2021 have been confirmed by the Court. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new Annual Tax on Securities Accounts.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE NOTES  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident 
Noteholders. 
(ii) Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended 
(the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of currently 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of currently 20%.

--- Page 141 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
141 
 
 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 142 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
142 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Pursuant to an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated on or about 24 January 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger and subject to the conditions contained therein, 
the Dealers have agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by them. The Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in 
respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities relating to any misrepresentation or 
breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements of the Issuer in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. If any of the Dealers or 
their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, 
and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax holding their Notes in an exempt 
account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities 
Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
United States 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 143 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
143 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of its distribution at any time or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date (the “Resale 
Restriction Termination Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer (consommateur/consument) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van Economisch Recht), as amended from time to time (a “Belgian 
Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, 
transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any 
Belgian Consumer. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:

--- Page 144 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
144 
 
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Any offering of the Notes will be exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and the 
restrictions described in this section “Subscription and Sale” will apply. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be notified 
to, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be 
approved or reviewed by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten”/“Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers”) (the “Belgian FSMA”). The Belgian 
FSMA has not commented as to the accuracy or adequacy of any such material or recommended the purchase of 
the Notes nor will the Belgian FSMA so comment or recommend. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Republic of Italy

--- Page 145 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
145 
 
 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus Regulation 
and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except: 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and applicable Italian laws, including the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and applicable CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No.20307 
of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”), all as amended from time to time; and 
b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian competent authority.” 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”) and the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”), and no such prospectus pursuant to 
FinSA has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. No application has been 
or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body 
(Prüfstelle). 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA 
and as further detailed in FinSO. 
No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been or 
will be prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to private 
clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who 
is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Art. 4(3) FinSA (not having opted in 
on the basis of Art. 5(5) FinSA); or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Art. 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client 
with an asset management agreement according to Art. 58(2) FinSA. 
General

--- Page 146 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
146 
 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 147 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
147 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes  
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA/UK MiFIR]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 148 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
148 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY - The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible 
investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 (“Eligible Investors”) holding 
their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Financial Services 
Act (“FinSA”) in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) 
of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; 
or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]13  
[These Final Terms have not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services 
Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA]. Accordingly, the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, 
in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 
36(1) FinSA. Neither these Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither these Final Terms nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]14 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV 
(Legal Entity Identifier: A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to it dated [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website [°°].15 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
                                                     
13  
Include if Notes are debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
14  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland. 
15  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 149 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
149 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated [18 January 2019]/[16 January 
2020]/[18 December 2020]/[21 January 2022] will apply to the Notes and not the Terms and Conditions set out 
in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2023. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the 
purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [18 January 2019]/[16 
January 2020]/[18 December 2020]/[21 January 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 24 January 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2023 
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [  ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s 
website [  ]16. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(I) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
(III) 
Date on which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert name of Series] (ISIN: [  ]) on [[  ]] / [the 
Issue Date] / [with effect from the date that is 40 days 
following the Issue Date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(I) 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [  ] (insert if Notes are fungible with a previous 
issue)] 
5. 
(I) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[  ] [and integral multiples of [  ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [  ].] 
 
 
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent 
amount in other currencies.) 
 
(II) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
6. 
(I) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[  ] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
                                                     
16  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 150 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
150 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed maturity date: [  ]] / [Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [  ] (specify in this format for Floating Rate 
Notes)] 
 
 
(Note: (i) Subordinated Notes that are included in or count 
towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer will have a minimum 
maturity of five years or such other minimum maturity as 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulation; and (ii) for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date must be no 
less than one year from the Issue Date of such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ]% Fixed Rate] / [EURIBOR + [  ]%]  
 
 
[Resettable Note] 
 
 
[Leveraged] [[  ] month [  ] [+/- [specify Margin (if any)]] 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Leveraged] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
Further particulars specified in Paragraph[s] [13/14/15/16] 
of Part A of the Final Terms below 
 
 
(include all which are relevant) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Par Redemption] / [Specified Redemption Amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. The Notes are [Fixed to Floating Rate Notes] / 
[Floating to Fixed Rate Notes]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Further particular specified in Paragraphs 13 and 15 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below  
11. 
Call Option: 
 
 
Call Option: (Condition 3(c)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 18 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
(I) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] / [Senior Non-Preferred] / [Subordinated] 
Notes 
 
(II) 
Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (II) 
 
• 
Redemption 
upon 
the occurrence of a 
Capital 
Disqualification 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 21 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 151 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
151 
 
 
Event 
(Condition 
3(d)): 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (III) 
 
• 
Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
upon the occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 
3(f)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 21 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (IV)) 
 
• 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
Restricted 
Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 
3(f)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 21 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Date 
of 
any 
additional 
[Board/Executive 
Committee] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(specify if Notes require separate / new authorisation. 
Otherwise specify “Not Applicable”) 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable

--- Page 152 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
152 
 
 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Applicable for the Interest Accrual Periods 
specified below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Accrual Periods to 
which 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [The Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Accrual Periods: from and including [  ] to but 
excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)] / [The Notes are 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Accrual 
Periods: from and including [  ] to but excluding [  ] (repeat 
as necessary)]. 
 
(II) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(III) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]  
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(IV) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(VII) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
14. 
Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 153 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
153 
 
 
 
(I) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(II) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the First Reset 
Rate 
of 
Interest, 
the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [  ] 
 
(III) 
Resettable 
Note 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]] 
 
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] 
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(IV) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Resettable Note Interest Payment Date(s)] 
 
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
First Margin: 
[+/-] [  ]% per annum 
 
(VII) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-] [  ]% per annum 
 
(VIII) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(IX) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
 
(X) 
First Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[  ] 
 
(XI) 
Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) 
Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 154 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
154 
 
 
 
(XIII) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
 
(XIV) 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
(XV) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(XVI) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
(XVII) Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
(XVIII) Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
(XIX) 
Last Observable Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XX) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXI) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXII) Fixed Leg Swap Payment 
Frequency: 
[  ] 
 
(XXIII) Fixed Leg Swap Payment 
Frequency 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(XXIV) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[  ] 
 
(XXV) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate Day Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable. The Notes are Floating Rate Notes] / 
[Applicable for the Interest Accrual Periods specified below] 
/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 155 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
155 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Accrual Periods to 
which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [The Notes are Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and 
Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Accrual Periods: from and including [  ] to but 
excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)] / [The Notes are Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, and Floating Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply for the following Interest Accrual Periods: from 
and including [  ] to but excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)]  
 
(II) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] / [, not subject to any adjustment 
as the Business Day Convention in (IV) below is specified 
as being “Not Applicable”] 
 
(III) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[[  ]] / [Specified Interest Payment Date(s)] 
 
(IV) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Reference Banks: 
[  ] 
 
(VI) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are is /are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] / [ISDA Determination]    
 
(VII) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [  ] 
 
(VIII) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (VIII)) 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][  ] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [As specified in Condition 2(n)] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary)

--- Page 156 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
156 
 
 
 
− 
Leverage: 
[Not Applicable] / [[  ] [in respect of [specify relevant 
Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(IX) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (IX)) 
 
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ]  
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
− 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
− 
Leverage: 
[Not Applicable] / [[  ] [in respect of [specify relevant 
Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(X) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[[long] / [short]] [[first] / [last]] Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest accrual period)] 
 
(XI) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XIII) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(XIV) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[  ]% per annum on a [compounded] / [non-compounded] 
basis 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] /

--- Page 157 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
157 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
 
Determination Date: 
[  ] 
17. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
18. 
Call Option (Condition 3(c)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Note: 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
(III) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[  ]% [in respect of [specify Optional Redemption Date] 
(repeat as necessary)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(IV) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [  ] 
Maximum period: [  ] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] 
 
(I) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note Redemption 
Amount of each Zero Coupon Note 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Early Redemption

--- Page 158 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
158 
 
 
 
(I) 
Tax 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(e)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(II) 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence of a Tax Event 
(Condition 3(e)): 
(a) 
Tax 
Deductibility 
Event 
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [on any 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] after 
the occurrence of a Tax Event which is continuing 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(d)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(IV) 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable: [Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / 
[on any Resettable Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any 
time] after the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
which is continuing] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(f)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
 
 
 
(VI) 
Event of Default Redemption 
Amount (Condition 11): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
159 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
22. 
Substitution (Condition 7) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
23. 
Interest Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Payment Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised  
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 160 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
160 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be listed on the 
official list of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and admitted to 
trading on [the Professional Segment of] the Regulated Market of 
the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] / [[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that the 
original notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Earliest day of admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading with effect from [  ]] / [the Issue Date] / [On or around 
[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been] / [are expected to be] rated]: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [  ]] / 
 
 
[[  ]: [  ]] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically rated, but 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
have been rated: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [  ]] / 
 
 
[[  ]: [  ]] 
 
 
(Note: need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider(s).) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable17: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
                                                     
17 
A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the ESMA website ( https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).

--- Page 161 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
161 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided.] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the UK and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided.] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the UK and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the UK but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is established in the UK and 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the UK but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] /

--- Page 162 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
162 
 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the UK and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[[  ]] / [Save for the fees [of [°°]] payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the Offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus / An amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes (being 
Green Bonds) will be used to finance and/or refinance, in whole 
or in part, new or existing green loans in accordance with the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 
(for further details, see section 3.3.1 of the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework) / If the reasons for the offer are different, those 
reasons will need to be specified here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[°°] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under this 
paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield:  
[  ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] / [No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be settled through the Securities 
Settlement System and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary

--- Page 163 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
163 
 
 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms the Eurosystem eligibility criteria could be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
 
[Temporary ISIN Code:] 
[  ] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
[Temporary Common Code:] 
[  ] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent (if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of the operator 
of the Alternative Clearing System 
(if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable] / [[EURIBOR] / [specify other benchmark] is 
provided by [in case of EURIBOR: the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”)] [in case of other benchmark: 
specify administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[EMMI] / [administrator legal name] [appears] / [does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation.] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:

--- Page 164 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
164 
 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Dealers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable] / [give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable] / [give name(s)] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] / [give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not applicable

--- Page 165 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
165 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made for Notes of any Series to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments 
and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (where it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms that such Series of Notes is to be listed and admitted to trading on such market). 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection 
with the issue of the Notes and performance of its obligations hereunder. The update of the Programme 
by the Issuer was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 20 
December 2022 and the Executive Committee of the Issuer passed on 17 January 2023. 
3. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant issue price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. In 
addition, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the prospects of the Issuer for the current financial year.  
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Issuer 
on a consolidated basis since 30 June 2022.  
6. 
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or 
the Argenta Group’s financial position or profitability.  
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) (and any other relevant identification number for any Alternative Clearing System) for each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of 
the Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
9. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes being issued.  
10. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
11. 
So long as any Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be available for inspection on the 
website of the Issuer (www.argenta.eu): 
(i) the up to date articles of association of the Issuer; 
(ii) this Base Prospectus and any supplements and each Final Terms; and

--- Page 166 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
166 
 
 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating to Notes listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein shall also be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus information contained on any website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on any other regulated 
market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Agency Agreement will, so long as any Notes are outstanding, be available for inspection during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office 
of the Paying Agent.   
12. 
The audit of the Issuer’s financial statements and annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020 
was conducted by Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV o.v.v. CVBA, represented by Bernard De 
Meulemeester, Gateway building, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J, 1930 Zaventem (member of IBR – 
IRE Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises).  
The audit of the Issuer’s financial statements and annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021 
and the review of the Issuer’s consolidated interim financial information for the half-year ended 30 June 
2022 was conducted by KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - KPMG Réviseurs d'Entreprises BV/SRL, represented 
by Kenneth Vermeire, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 K, 1930 Zaventem (member of IBR – IRE 
Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises).

--- Page 167 ---
0126047-0000011 EUO1: 2007838905.4 
167 
 
 
Statutory Office of the Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
2018 Antwerp 
Belgium 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Paying Agent  
BNP Paribas, Belgium Branch 
Rue Montagne du Parc 3  
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Auditor 
 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom