--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
ARGENTA SPAARBANK SA/NV 
incorporated with limited liability 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Argenta 
Spaarbank SA/NV (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes that rank as senior obligations of the Issuer (the “Senior Notes”) and Euro Medium Term Notes that rank as subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (the “Subordinated Notes” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the 
“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, in certain circumstances, the Senior Preferred Notes shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as MREL Eligible instruments (as defined below). 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus (which expression shall include this Base Prospectus as amended and/or supplemented from time to time and all documents incorporated by 
reference herein) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg 
Law on Prospectus”), by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not make any representation 
in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Notes that are not to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Market”) and for which a prospectus is not required 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to any Notes, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together with the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described or incorporated 
by reference herein. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Market or, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, on a specific segment of the Market (the “Professional Segment”) to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references), except where the context otherwise requires, shall 
mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the Market or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. The Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). No certainty can be given that the application for the listing of 
any Notes will be granted. Furthermore, admission of the Notes to the official list and trading on the Market is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the 
Notes. Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Market or the Professional Segment (or any other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and will expire on 18 December 2021. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) and will be represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the National Bank 
of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).  
The Programme has been rated A- in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more, BBB in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
BBB- in respect of Subordinated Notes by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, France Branch (“Standard & Poor’s”). A 
rating in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year will be obtained on a case by case basis at the time of issuance. Standard & Poor’s 
is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) published on the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)’s website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu) on or about the date of this Base Prospectus. Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme 
or to Notes already issued under the Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities 
laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van 
economisch recht), as amended. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly prospective investors in the Notes should decide for themselves whether they want to 
invest in the Notes and, as the case may be, obtain advice from a financial intermediary in that respect, in which case the relevant intermediary will have to 
determine whether or not the Notes are a suitable investment for them. 
The issue price and amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions. 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. Before making any investment decision, prospective investors should have regard to the factors described 
under the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, setting out certain risks in relation to the Issuer and the Notes. In particular, holders of 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may lose their investment if the Issuer were to become non-viable or the Notes were to be written-down and/or 
converted or (in the case of the Senior Notes) bailed-in.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley 
  
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP PARIBAS  
Morgan Stanley  
 
Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
GENERAL 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA and 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”, and each a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person 
making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms (“Final Terms”) in relation to the offer of 
those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer (as defined 
in “Overview of the Programme” below) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such 
offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for 
such offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis of Annexes 7, 15 and 28 to Commission 
Regulation (EC) 2019/980. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. This 
Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made, or purported to be made, by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any information supplied in connection with the Programme are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
in connection with the Programme should purchase Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent financial 
statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. Neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers owe any fiduciary duties to any person in connection with this Base Prospectus.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The minimum specified denomination of any Notes shall be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by applicable 
securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions 
expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity 
and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of global economy in 
general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (iv) the 
potential impact of sovereign risk, particularly in certain European Union countries which have recently come 
under market pressure; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to 
meet their obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, 
and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and 
monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement 
procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business and practices in one or 
more of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other 
contingencies; (xii) the medium- to long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Issuer’s operations and 
financial position; and (xiii) the Issuer’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER 
OF THE NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers or the Arranger represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger which is intended to permit an offer to the public of the Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”) ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY 
OTHER U.S. OR STATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of Notes constitutes 
an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (“Eligible Investors”) holding their 
Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant 
in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. A 
distributor subject to MiFID II is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes or the Resettable Notes (as the case may be) may be calculated 
by reference to EURIBOR (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR) 
is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the section “Overview of the Programme - Method of 
Issue”) of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Managers) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
CURRENCIES 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, “EUR” 
and “€” are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures (“APMs”) and which are provided in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework, the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The Issuer believes that APMs provide investors with meaningful, additional 
insight as to underlying performance of the Issuer. An investor should not consider such APMs as alternatives to 
measures reflected in the Issuer’s financial information, which has been prepared in accordance with the IFRS. In 
particular, an investor should not consider such measures as alternatives to profit after tax, operating profit or 
other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash flow from operating 
activities as a measure of the Issuer’s activity. 
 
Capital gain/loss AFS 
The realised capital gains of (available for sale) debt securities. 
Core net result 
The net result not taking into account Gains or losses on derecognition of 
financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss. 
Cost/Income or C/I 
[operating expenses of the period] / [financial and operational result of 
the period] 
Operating expenses include administration expenses, depreciation and 
provisions. Bank levies are recognised in the first quarter (as required by 
the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) 21). In order to make a 
correct economic analysis, these are prorated and thus spread equally over 
the different quarters. 
Financial and operational result includes net interest income, dividend 
income, net income from commissions and fees, realised gains and losses 
on financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value in the income 
statement, gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading, gains and losses from hedge accounting, gains and losses on de-
recognition of assets other than held for sale and other net operating 
income.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Cost/income or C/I excl. 
bank levies 
[operating expenses of the period - bank levies of the period] / [financial 
and operational result of the period] 
The numerator is adjusted for bank levies in order to provide a better 
insight into the underlying business trends. 
Cost of Risk 
[Collective (stage 1 and 2) and specific (stage 3) impairments] / Average 
outstanding of total loan portfolio. 
This metric should be interpreted as an indication of the health of a loan 
portfolio, indicating the proportion of the total portfolio that has been 
impaired 
Coverage Ratio 
[Specific (stage 3) impairments] / [Total outstanding NPLs] 
This metric gives an indication of the proportion of a non-performing loan 
that cannot be recovered. The lower the ratio, the higher the recovered 
portion of the loan. 
Customer assets under 
management 
The total market value of assets that the Issuer manages on behalf of 
investors. 
Loan to value or LTV 
Ratio of the outstanding loan amount to the indexed value of a purchased 
asset. 
Net interest income or NII 
[revenues generated by interest-bearing assets] - [cost of servicing 
(interest-burdened) liabilities] 
Net interest margin or 
NIM 
[net interest income of the period] / [average total assets of the period] 
Total assets are used as a proxy for the total interest-bearing assets. 
Non-Performing 
Loans 
(“NPLs”) ratio 
[Total outstanding NPLs] / [Total Outstanding Loans] 
Non-performing Loans are defined as loans on which loan loss reserves 
(impairments) are booked. This metric gives an indication of the 
proportion of outstanding loans that have payment arrears.  
Return on equity or RoE 
[net profit of the period (annualised)] / [equity at the beginning of the 
period]

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 39 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 42 
CLEARING .......................................................................................................................................................... 93 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................... 95 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION ............................................... 125 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ............................................................................ 126 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES ........................................................................................................ 127 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 134 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 138 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 155

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined 
or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meaning in this overview. 
 
Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank NV (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” and the 
“Issuer”). 
Issuer's legal entity identifier ("LEI") 
A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65 
Information relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a credit institution incorporated as a limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) of unlimited 
duration incorporated under Belgian law, having its registered 
office at Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered 
with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0404.453.574, RPR/RPM Antwerp, division Antwerp. 
Website of the Issuer 
www.argenta.eu  
The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has otherwise 
expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Parent 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV, a mixed financial 
holding company pursuant to Article 3, 39° of the Belgian 
Banking Law, incorporated as a limited liability company under 
the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Belgiëlei 49-
53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises under number 0475.525.276, RPR/RPM 
Antwerp, division Antwerp. 
Information relating to the Programme 
Size 
EUR 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Brussels branch, or any other 
entity appointed from time to time by the Issuer as the Paying 
Agent or an additional Paying Agent pursuant to the terms of the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Agency Agreement, either in respect of the Programme, generally, 
or in respect of a particular issuance of Notes, in which case a 
different Paying Agent may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Agency Agreement 
The amended and restated agency agreement between the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent and the Listing Agent dated 18 December 2020. 
Method of Issue 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) (or identical other 
than in respect of the issue price and/or the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest, principal amount of the Tranche and/or the 
Temporary ISIN Code and Temporary Common Code (if any and 
as defined in the relevant Final Terms), will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations) via the book-entry system maintained in the records 
of the Securities Settlement System (defined below). 
Clearing Systems 
The settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium 
or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).  
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Notes and through 
other national or international NBB investors central securities 
depositories (“NBB investor (I)CSDs”)1. Participants in the 
Securities Settlement System include certain banks, stockbrokers 
(beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
(“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”) and Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible 
to clear through, and therefore accepted by, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS and Monte Titoli and investors can hold 
their interests in the Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and any other NBB 
                                                     
1  
The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website of 
the NBB: https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds. The information contained on the website of the National Bank of 
Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
investor (I)CSDs, or other participants in the Securities Settlement 
System. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
Notes will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities 
Settlement System by Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities 
Settlement System participants. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives (including the rules of the Securities Settlement 
System), Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, each Note will have the maturity as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Unless otherwise permitted, Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 
2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
Denomination 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate payable in arrears 
on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If an indication of yield is included in the relevant Final Terms, 
the yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated 
on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. It 
is not an indication of future yield. 
Resettable Notes 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the dates specified in the Final 
Terms at the initial rate specified in the Final Terms, and thereafter 
the rate may be reset with respect to a specified time period by 
reference to the prevailing Mid-Swap Rate. The rate of interest 
may be reset on more than one occasion. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions (as defined below), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR (or such other benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) as adjusted 
for any applicable margin as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes: 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes will bear interest set separately for 
each Series by reference to a Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) rate, 
or the spread between two such rates, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin and/or 
leverage as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum or Minimum Rates of Interest 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes may specify 
a Maximum Rate of Interest or a Minimum Rate of Interest, or 
both, as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. If a 
Maximum Rate of Interest is specified, then the interest payable 
will in no case be higher than such rate and if a Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified, then the interest payable will in no case be 
lower than such rate. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and Floating 
to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which bear a fixed rate 
of interest in respect of certain Interest Periods and a floating rate 
of interest in respect of other Interest Periods, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a price which is at a discount 
to their principal amount, and will not bear interest. 
Redemption 
Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% per Calculation 
Amount, or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that the amount so specified 
shall be at least 100% per Calculation Amount. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer, and if so, 
the terms applicable to such redemption shall be as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of such Notes, in accordance with the 
elections made in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity for tax 
reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(e)”. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
may also be subject to a mandatory early redemption (i) in respect 
of Subordinated Notes only, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(d)), or (ii) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes (where 
“Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” and “Redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (where

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
“Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms), upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3(f)). 
Status of Notes 
The Notes may be either senior notes (the “Senior Notes”) or 
subordinated notes (the “Subordinated Notes”) and the Senior 
Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (“Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times 
(i) pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with 
all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future, which will fall or be expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 
1° of the Belgian Banking Law, but, in the event of insolvency, 
only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights, 
(ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and 
any obligations ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to all present and future 
claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Preferred Notes (i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of 
any present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of 
general application and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in 
priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
Where: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or 
other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times 
(i) pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with 
other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
by laws relating to creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to Subordinated 
Notes of the Issuer and other present and future claims otherwise 
ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior 
to claims of (a) any unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are 
not creditors of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, 
and (b) all other present and future claims as may be preferred by 
laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.  
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (i) only after, and subject to, payment in full 
of Senior Preferred Obligations (including holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes) and other present and future claims benefiting 
from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (ii) subject to such payment 
in full, in priority to holders of Subordinated Notes of the Issuer 
and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall 
within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of 
the Belgian Banking Law. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) and the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be treated, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations. 
Where: “Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to MREL. 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities” for banking institutions under the Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as set in 
accordance with Article 45 of such Directive (as transposed in 
Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, or 
any successor requirement. 
“MREL Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is 
eligible to be counted towards the MREL of the Issuer in 
accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes:

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of dissolution, liquidation or winding-up 
of the Issuer by reason of a bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) or 
otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the 
Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligation under) the 
Subordinated Notes shall, subject to any obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law, rank: 
(A) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
pari passu with (a) the claims of holders of all obligations 
of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (b) any 
obligation which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu 
with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all 
classes of share and other equity capital (including 
preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the claims of 
holders of all obligations or instruments of the Issuer 
which, upon issue, constitute or constituted Tier 1 capital 
of the Issuer, and (c) the claims of holders of any other 
obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes  
Where: 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
are in respect of obligations which are unsubordinated or which 
otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations 
which constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (including the 
Subordinated Notes). 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim 
any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by 
virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of such Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
Cross Default 
None

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Negative Pledge 
None 
Ratings 
The following ratings have been assigned by Standard & Poor’s to 
the Programme: A- in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a 
maturity of one year or more, BBB in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and BBB- in respect of Subordinated Notes. A 
rating in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year will be obtained on a case by case basis at the time 
of issuance. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is 
included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the ESMA’s 
website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/) on or about the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme or to Notes already issued 
under the Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Belgium unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have 
been received by it had no such withholding been required, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”, 
“Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information” and 
“Belgian Taxation on the Notes”. 
Governing Law 
Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes of any Series to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments and 
amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU 
(recast) (where it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that such 
Series of Notes is to be listed and admitted to trading on such

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
market). If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will be 
traded only on a specific segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Professional Segment”) to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access. 
The CSSF, in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, European Economic Area, United Kingdom, 
Belgium, Italy, Switzerland and Japan. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The debt securities of the Issuer are eligible for Category 2 (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes may not be addressed to EEA or UK Retail Investors. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered sold, or otherwise made 
available to, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, in Belgium, to “consumers” (consommateurs/ 
consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van 
Economisch Recht) as amended. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, 
Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax 
holding their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened 
with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in 
the Securities Settlement Systems operated by the NBB. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of an issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the Notes should consider carefully, in light of 
the circumstances and their investment objectives, the information contained in this entire Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under this offering. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer does 
not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisers (if they consider it necessary). 
“Argenta Group” means Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries from time to time 
(including the Issuer). 
“Bank Pool” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
1. 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
The coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic has brought forward unprecedented health, social and 
economic consequences.  At the beginning of the second quarter of 2020, the governments of Belgium 
and of the Netherlands enacted national lockdowns which continued for several weeks, with a gradual 
reopening of society in the months afterwards. At the end of October 2020, the governments of Belgium 
and the Netherlands again enacted national (partial) lockdowns for a period of several weeks.  
It is expected that the COVID-19 crisis in the short term will have significant economic impact, with 
potential consequential effects on employment, consumer confidence, saving and spending, payment 
behaviour and investment (including house purchase) behaviour. In the wake of the COVID-19 crisis 
long term interest rates in developed markets also decreased further. The governments of Belgium and 
of the Netherlands have put in place various relief measures that may help to contain the overall impact, 
but the long term economic consequences of the pandemic are currently uncertain and will depend on 
the further evolution of the COVID-19 crisis; they may be severe.   
It is expected that this crisis will have an impact on credit losses in the coming years. Especially the 
expected increase in unemployment rates and decrease in house prices will weigh negatively on expected 
credit losses.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Given that new government, regulatory and sector-related measures are being announced on a regular 
basis, it is impossible at this stage to make a reliable estimate of what the consequences will be for the 
global economy and, more specifically, for the Issuer. The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation and 
it is adopting a cautious and conservative approach. As at 30 June 2020, the Issuer’s Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio (IRB approach and phased in) amounted to 22.1% and the Issuer’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(“LCR”) amounted to 156% and its Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) amounted to 135%. The specific 
financial impact of COVID-19 on the Issuer as at 30 June 2020 was rather limited and comprised EUR 
11.9 million of impairments and EUR 3.3 million modification loss. This modification loss is the up-
front booking of net present value (“NPV”) loss due to the interest moratorium for vulnerable clients. 
The moratorium was offered to clients for Belgian mortgages (4,630 files accepted), Belgian consumer 
loans (24 files accepted) and Dutch mortgages (137 files accepted). The EUR 11.9 million of impairments 
can be broken down into EUR 3 million for Belgian mortgages (of which EUR 1 million were due to 
payment deferral), EUR 2.7 million for Dutch mortgages (of which EUR 0.1 million were due to payment 
deferral) and EUR 6.3 million on the investment portfolio. Depending on future developments relating 
to the economic and health impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, there could be a material and adverse 
impact on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Noteholders should be aware that the risks linked to the COVID-19 outbreak can also have an adverse 
influence on the other risks described hereafter.  
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
2.1 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of market risks, such as interest rate risk and spread risk. 
Interest rate risk is the primary market risk to which the Issuer is exposed. Changes in the levels of 
interest rates can have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Issuer and the market values of its 
investments. A major component of the Issuer’s business strategy consists of attracting short to medium-
term funds (primarily via savings deposits placed by retail customers, but also via wholesale funding), 
and investing these through a variety of loans and investments. The terms of these reinvestments do not 
necessarily match with the duration of the short to medium-term funds that were attracted. The impact 
on earnings and market values of interest rate changes depends on the size of the duration mismatch 
between assets and liabilities, and the existence of embedded options on the balance sheet.  
The Issuer has a strong concentration of regulated saving accounts in Belgium. Under Belgian law, the 
Issuer is required to pay a minimum guaranteed interest rate on regulated saving accounts. As a result, 
the Issuer may not be able to fully translate a decrease in market interest rates in the pricing of its saving 
accounts, which may negatively affect its net interest rate margin.  
The Issuer provides mortgage loans to Belgian retail clients who are allowed to prepay, under Belgian 
law, the outstanding capital at a fixed penalty. In case of decreasing interest rates there is a risk that the 
fixed penalty (which is an amount fixed by the Applicable Banking Regulation (as defined below)) does 
not compensate fully the Issuer for the future earning losses that the Issuer will incur in case of 
prepayment of loans by customers.  
The Issuer uses a range of instruments and strategies to partly hedge against interest rate risks. If these 
instruments and strategies prove ineffective or only partially effective, the Issuer may suffer losses. 
Unforeseen market developments may significantly reduce the effectiveness of measures taken by the 
Issuer to hedge such risks. Gains and losses from ineffective risk-hedging measures may heighten the 
volatility of results achieved by the Issuer and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
The Issuer is exposed to credit spread risk through its investment portfolio. Fluctuations in credit spreads 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of debt securities in the Issuer’s investment portfolio. 
Depending on the accounting treatment of these instruments, these market value fluctuations may affect 
the capital position of the Issuer.  
2.2 
Risks affecting the Issuer’s procurement of liquidity  
The procurement of liquidity for the Issuer’s operations and access to long term finance is crucial to 
achieve the Issuer’s strategic goals, as they enable the Issuer to meet payment obligations in cash and on 
delivery, scheduled or unscheduled, so as not to prejudice the Issuer’s activities or financial situation. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that an insufficient amount of assets can be realised in order to repay financial 
liabilities at the moment these become due. Although the Issuer believes it currently has a satisfactory 
liquidity position, its procurement of liquidity could be adversely impacted by: 
− 
substantial outflows in deposits; 
− 
an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. the default of a loan; 
− 
the risk that assets may be liquidated only at a serious discount due to a lack of interested 
counterparties on the market; 
− 
the inability to access the debt market, sell products or refinance existing obligations as a result 
of the deterioration of market conditions, a lack of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty 
and speculation regarding the solvency of the Issuer, a rating downgrade of the Issuer, and/or 
operational problems; 
− 
substantial outflow of liquidity due to fluctuations in collateral requirements related to 
derivative transactions in the context of hedging arrangements. 
The inability of the Issuer to raise required funds on terms that are favourable to the Issuer, difficulties 
in obtaining long-term financings on terms which are favourable to the Issuer or addressing the 
consequences of substantial outflows could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. In this respect, the adoption of liquidity requirements under Basel III and CRD IV 
(as defined below) must also be taken into account since these could give rise to an increased competition 
leading to an increase in the costs of attracting necessary deposits and funding.  
Furthermore, protracted market declines can reduce the liquidity of markets that are typically liquid. If, 
in the course of its activities, the Issuer requires significant amounts of cash on short notice (in excess of 
anticipated cash requirements), the Issuer may have difficulty selling investments at attractive prices, in 
a timely manner, or both. In such circumstances, market operators may fall back on support from central 
banks and governments by pledging securities as collateral. Unavailability of liquidity through such 
measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures could result in a reduced availability of 
liquidity on the market and higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity when needed, thereby 
adversely affecting the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The inability of a financial institution, including the respective entities of the Issuer, to anticipate and 
take into account unforeseen falls or changes in its sources of financing can affect such a financial 
institution’s ability to fulfil its obligations when they fall due. 
2.3 
As a large credit institution, the Issuer’s business is subject to credit risk  
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty cannot meet its payment obligations. This can be as a result of 
the insolvency of a customer or a counterparty or otherwise. This risk arises in both traditional loan

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
portfolios as well as investment portfolios. Any adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers, counterparties or other obligors could affect the recoverability and value of its assets.  
The Issuer’s assets are highly concentrated in lending to private individuals, more specifically mortgage 
loans to individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands (as at 30 June 2020 the book value exposures of 
mortgage loans stood at EUR 14.0 billion and EUR 16.8 billion respectively, or 31% and 37% of the 
total balance sheet respectively). In addition, the Issuer is also diversifying its loan portfolio into lending 
to Belgian local governments and real estate counterparties. Any adverse shock in these markets, such as 
declining residential real estate prices, could negatively affect the results of the Issuer’s credit portfolio 
because of the impact on the recovery value of the collateral. All this could be further exacerbated in the 
event of a prolonged economic downturn or worsening market conditions. In this respect, please also 
refer to risk factor “Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic”. A decrease in the credit quality of borrowers 
and counterparties of the Issuer, a general deterioration of the Belgian, Dutch or global economic 
condition or a decrease caused by systemic risks can affect the recoverability of outstanding loans and 
the value of the Issuer’s assets. It can also require an increase of the provision for non-performing loans, 
as well as other provisions. Any increase in provision for loan losses, any loan losses in excess of the 
previously determined provisions or changes to estimates of the risk of loss inherent in the portfolio of 
non-impaired loans could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operation or 
financial condition. 
The Issuer holds a diversified portfolio of market securities in its investment portfolio (as at 30 June 2020 
the book value stood at EUR 8.3 billion or 18% of the total balance sheet). These counterparties may 
default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy 
or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons. Other parties to which the Issuer is exposed 
include, among others, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, 
exchanges, clearing houses, guarantors and other financial intermediaries.  
The performance of the Issuer is thus primarily affected by the level and the cyclical nature of the 
business activities (investment services) in Belgium and the Netherlands, which in turn are influenced 
by domestic and international economic and political events. 
2.4 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to business risk, model risk and climate 
risk  
Business risk is the risk that current and future earnings, and capital levels will be affected by changes 
in business volumes or by changes in margins and costs. Both of these can be caused by external market 
conditions and/or the inability of the Issuer as an organisation to respond to these. This risk also takes 
into account poor diversification of earnings or the inability to maintain a sufficient and reasonable level 
of profitability. 
Because of the strong concentration in mortgage loans to retail clients in the Belgian and Dutch retail 
markets the Issuer is exposed to adverse developments in these markets. This includes the risk that target 
production volumes cannot be reached, or a decrease in the commercial margins is observed, as a result 
of increased market competition or other adverse events. 
Model risk is the risk of decisions and calculations being related to the erroneous development, 
implementation and/or wrong usage of models. Model risk is managed by adopting the principles and 
controls set forth by the model risk management framework (“MRMF”). 
Climate risk can be split between physical climate risk (more frequent or severe weather events like 
flooding, drought or storms, changes in the weather pattern or the rise in sea levels) and transition risk 
(changes in client and market behaviour, policy, technology and legislation related to moving to a less 
polluting, greener economy). The Issuer considers climate risk as part of the financial risks to which the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Issuer is exposed and which could have an impact on the management and value of its retail portfolio 
and its investment portfolio.  
Business risk, model risk and climate risk could have an adverse effect on the earnings and capital 
position of the Issuer and its financial condition.  
3. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business operations 
3.1 
The Issuer has to contend with operational/non-financial risks, including fraudulent and other criminal 
activities (both internal and external), breakdowns in processes or procedures and systems failure or 
non-availability  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of non-financial risks such as compliance risk, legal risk, human 
resources risk, business continuity risk, physical assets risk, (out)sourcing risk, reputation risk, project 
risk, risk in processes, information security risk, fraud & cyber risk, sustainability & strategic risk and 
data related risks. 
On the other hand, the Issuer needs to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, accurately 
and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Potential non-financial 
risks include violation of the money laundering legislation, breach of confidentiality obligations and the 
execution of unauthorised transactions. Non-financial risks and losses result from inadequate or failed 
internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal requirements), human actions (including 
fraud, employee errors), systems failure, or due to external events (such as cybercrime, breaches of data 
security, natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including those of the Issuer’s suppliers 
or counterparties). The consequences of these may extend to financial or reputational loss, as well as loss 
of data. Additionally, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the Issuer’s operations and results. 
The Issuer expects that non-financial risks will gradually increase in the Issuer’s various businesses, 
owing to, amongst other things, the rapidly changing technological environment, the increasing 
complexity, as well as a general trend towards outsourcing of non-core business activities. 
The cyber and data protection risk is a specific risk to which the Issuer is exposed. The Issuer processes 
significant volumes of personal data relating to customers as part of its business, some of which may also 
be classified under legislation as sensitive personal data. The Issuer must therefore comply with strict 
data protection and privacy laws and regulations and bears the risk of penalties if it does not comply with 
the standards as set by General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, such as a personal data 
breach, meaning a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, 
unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer also faces the risk of a breach in the security of its information and communications 
technology (“ICT”) systems, for example from increasingly sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups. 
In recent years, financial institutions have been impacted by a number of cyber incidents.  
Data breaches or cyber-crimes could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s reputation and on its 
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
4. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
4.1 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of having insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory 
capital requirements  
Under Basel II and III, capital requirements are inherently more sensitive to market movements compared 
to previous regimes. Capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or negative trends in the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
financial markets worsen. Any failure of the Issuer to maintain its minimum regulatory capital ratios 
could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on 
the Issuer’s results of operations. A shortage of available capital may restrict the Issuer’s opportunities 
for expansion. 
Please refer to the section “Banking Supervision” on page 119 for a more detailed overview of the 
applicable legal and regulatory framework.  
4.2 
Increased and changing regulations of the financial services industry may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer  
Wherever the Issuer operates, it is subject to laws, regulations, administrative measures, and policies 
governing financial services. Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the 
activities, products, and services that the Issuer offers, or the value of its assets. Current regulation and 
future regulatory developments could have an adverse impact on the business of the Issuer. 
Significant regulatory developments have taken place in response to the global financial crisis, including 
various initiatives and measures by the EU and individual national governments, the stress test 
coordinated by the European Banking Authority in collaboration with the ECB and liquidity risk 
assessments at European and national level. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer may 
adversely impact the Issuer, its business, financial condition or results of operation. A non-exhaustive 
overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, such as changes to the prudential 
requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set 
out in section “Description of the Issuer” on page 95. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny applied by governments and 
regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services 
industry in recent years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the Issuer to take additional 
measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors regulatory developments, 
there can be no assurance that additional regulatory or capital requirements will not have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer, or its business, financial condition or business results. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of these new standards, or any other new regulation, 
will not require the Issuer to issue securities that qualify as regulatory capital, or to liquidate assets or 
curtail business, all of which may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition or business 
results. 
The business operations of the Issuer are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies and interpretations in Belgium and other 
countries in which the Issuer operates. 
Changes in supervision and regulation could materially affect the Issuer’s business, products and services 
offered by it, or the value of its assets. In addition, the level of supervision by the governments and 
supervisory authorities and the enforcement of the applicable rules seem to have increased with the start 
of the global economic crisis, combined with increased pressure to impose further regulation and levies 
on the financial services sector. There can be no assurance that such increased scrutiny or charges will 
not require the Issuer to take additional measures, which in turn may have adverse effects on its business, 
financial condition or business results.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
With regard to taxation, the Issuer’s structure entails that a major part of the funding of the Issuer 
(including the branch office in the Netherlands) is stemming from deposits, which makes the Issuer 
sensitive to changes in Deposit Guarantee Scheme (“DGS”) contributions and bank levies.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
1.1 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes 
non-viable or if the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose some or all of their investment as a result of a statutory 
write-down or conversion of the Subordinated Notes if the Issuer fails or is likely to fail, becomes 
non-viable, requires extraordinary public support or if otherwise the conditions for the exercise of 
resolution powers are met. 
Under the act of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and stockbroking firms 
(the “Belgian Banking Law”), the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) may decide to 
write-down the Subordinated Notes or to convert the Subordinated Notes into common equity tier 1 
capital of the Issuer if one or more of the following circumstances apply: 
(a) 
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution 
specified in Article 244, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law; i.e., if the national resolution authority 
considers that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the 
relevant regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting 
each other), which means that one or more of the following circumstances are present: 
(A) 
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination 
that the Issuer will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorisation in a way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation 
by the competent authority, including but not limited to because the Issuer 
has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant 
amount of its own funds; 
(B) 
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a 
determination that the assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than 
its liabilities; 
(C) 
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the Issuer will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities 
as they fall due; or 
(D) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(ii) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in 
respect of the Issuer would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(iii) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest; a resolution action will be deemed 
necessary in the public interest if it is necessary to meet one or more objectives referred 
to in Article 243, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law and a liquidation of the credit 
institution would not allow such objectives to be met in the same measure, 
in which case the Relevant Resolution Authority shall, in any event, exercise its write-down and 
conversion powers before taking any resolution action (including the use of the bail-in tool);

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
(b) 
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that unless the write-down or conversion power 
is exercised in relation to the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer be viable; or 
(c) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support. 
The purpose of the statutory write-down and conversion powers is to ensure that the Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses if one or more of 
the above circumstances apply and before any resolution action (including the use of the bail-in tool) is 
taken. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its write-down or conversion powers in relation to 
the Subordinated Notes, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Subordinated Notes and could lead to the holders of Subordinated Notes losing some 
or all of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
1.2 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes 
Given the entry into force of the bail-in regime, holders of Senior Notes may lose some or all of their 
investment (including outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the “bail-in” resolution tool. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) senior debt (such 
as the Senior Notes) after having written down or converted Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). The bail-in power enables the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured 
creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in a manner which is consistent with the hierarchy of claims 
in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. Under such hierarchy, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
would be written down or converted before the Senior Preferred Notes. The bail-in power includes the 
power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of deferring the liabilities of 
the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability from one form to another. 
In summary (and subject to the implementing rules), the Relevant Resolution Authority is able to exercise 
its bail-in powers if the following (cumulative) conditions are met: 
(a) 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the relevant 
regulator, which means that one or more of the following circumstances are present: 
(i) 
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
Issuer will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in 
a way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent 
authority, including but not limited to because the Issuer has incurred or is likely to 
incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a determination 
that the assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
(iii) 
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer 
will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; 
(iv) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of the Issuer would 
prevent the failure of the Issuer within a reasonable timeframe; and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit 
institutions if a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, converted 
or bailed in or, by way of derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation is equal 
to an amount not less than 20% of risk-weighted assets and certain additional conditions are met. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its bail-in powers in relation to the Senior Notes, 
or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Senior Notes and could lead to the holders of Senior Notes losing some or all of their investment in the 
Senior Notes. 
1.3 
It is likely that any securities the Noteholders will receive upon the exercise of the bail-in power will not 
be listed 
To the extent the Subordinated Notes are converted or written-down, or the Senior Notes are bailed-in 
(i.e. written down or converted) pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law or otherwise, the Issuer does not 
expect any securities issued upon conversion of the Notes to meet the listing requirements of any 
securities exchange, and the Issuer expects outstanding listed securities to be delisted from the securities 
exchanges on which they are listed. It is likely that any securities the Noteholders will receive upon the 
exercise of the bail-in power will not be listed for at least an extended period of time, if at all. 
Additionally, there may be limited, if any, disclosure with respect to the business, operations or financial 
statements of the Issuer at the time any securities are issued upon conversion of the Notes, or the 
disclosure may not be current to reflect changes in the business, operations or financial statements as a 
result of the exercise of the write-down, conversion or bail-in power. As a result, there may not be an 
active market for any securities Noteholders may hold after the exercise of the write-down, conversion 
or bail-in powers. 
1.4 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated  
As more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will (subject to any obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law) rank: 
(a) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer (i.e., creditors holding claims that, in 
accordance with their terms, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes); 
(b) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with (a) the claims of 
holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer and (b) any 
obligation which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(c) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all classes of share and other equity capital 
(including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the claims of holders of all obligations 
or instruments of the Issuer which, upon issue, constitute or constituted Tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer, and (c) the claims of holders of any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer which 
are or are expressed to be subordinated to the Subordinated Notes.  
The Subordinated Notes will generally pay a higher rate of interest than comparable securities that are 
not subordinated. However, there is an increased risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose 
all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer, payment of the principal amount to a holder of 
Subordinated Notes will, by virtue of such subordination, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
resulting from unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, other 
unsubordinated rights and claims and higher ranking subordinated claims have been satisfied in full. If 
any such event occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay 
amounts due and payable under the Subordinated Notes. A holder of Subordinated Notes may therefore 
recover less than the holders of unsubordinated or prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. 
1.5 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue, which ranks 
pari passu with or senior to the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by investors upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to 
deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction 
of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the 
Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.6 
The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer, provided 
that Subordinated Notes may as a general rule and subject to certain other exceptions (see below) only 
be redeemed by the Issuer after five years following the Issue Date of the last Tranche of a Series of 
Subordinated Notes. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem the Notes, the 
market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. In addition, Noteholders will not receive a make-whole amount or any other compensation in 
the event of an early redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes, subject to meeting relevant conditions in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms). Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Notes early if, as a result of a Tax Law Change (as defined in 
Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax Event)), it becomes obliged to pay additional 
amounts or (where “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) it 
can no longer deduct payments in respect of the Notes for Belgian income tax purposes. On the 
occurrence of any such Tax Event (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax 
Event)), the Issuer may at its option (but subject to certain conditions, including, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, set out in Condition 3(h) 
(Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase)) redeem all, but not some only, of any relevant 
Series of Notes at the applicable Tax Event Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(e) 
(Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax Event)) together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
The redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, or the (perceived) prospect of such 
redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Redemption of certain Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Final Terms for such Series of Notes specify 
either “Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” 
or “Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” 
as being applicable, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of such outstanding Notes at the 
MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(f) (Redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon subject to Condition 3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase). 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time all or part of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) of a Series or of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, either by reason of (i) a change in the Applicable MREL Regulations (or the application or 
official interpretation of such regulations) or (ii) the Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective, 
except where such non-qualification (a) was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche 
of Notes or (b) is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations or (c) is due to any restriction on the amount of liabilities that can 
count as MREL-Eligible Instruments or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or (e) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) is due to the relevant Senior Preferred Notes not 
meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer. 
The redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, or the (perceived) 
prospect of such redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
If at any time a Capital Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes and the relevant Final Terms for such Series of Subordinated Notes specify that the 
Issuer has an option to redeem such Subordinated Notes in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem 
all (but not some only) of such outstanding Subordinated Notes at the Capital Disqualification Event 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued and 
unpaid interest (if any) thereon subject to Condition 3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and 
purchase). 
A Capital Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer determines, in good faith, 
and after consultation with the NBB, ECB or any successor entity primarily responsible for the prudential 
supervision of the Issuer (the “Lead Regulator”), that by reason of a change (or a prospective change 
which the Lead Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) to the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes, at any time after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, the Subordinated Notes 
cease (or would cease) to be included, in whole or in part, in or count towards the Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer on a solo and/or consolidated basis (having done so before the Capital Disqualification Event 
occurring) (excluding, for these purposes, any non-recognition as a result of applicable regulatory 
amortisation in the five years immediately preceding maturity).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The redemption of the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, or 
the (perceived) prospect of such redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
1.7 
Issuer substitution 
If Condition 7 (Substitution of the Issuer) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as the principal debtor under 
the Notes a substitute company, provided that certain preconditions set out under Condition 7 
(Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are fulfilled. Notwithstanding each 
of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such substitution, there can be no guarantee that any 
such substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes and subsequently lead to losses 
for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes. 
1.8 
There are no events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) 
allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of the Subordinated Notes or (if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Senior 
Preferred Notes if certain events occur 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes and (if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Senior Preferred Notes do not provide for events of default (other than in the event of a 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer as provided in Condition 11(a) (Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default)) allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes if certain events occur. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest, 
investors will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy 
available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest 
on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
1.9 
Substitution and variation relating to certain Senior Preferred Notes, to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
to Subordinated Notes 
If specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (in case of Subordinated Notes), the Issuer 
may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, either substitute the relevant Notes 
then outstanding or vary their terms, so that they become or remain Qualifying Securities (see Condition 
6(d) (Certain Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: Substitution 
and Variation)). If the Issuer has not opted to substitute or vary the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or as the case may be the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event (in case of the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be) or a Capital Disqualification Event 
(in case of Subordinated Notes) (if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the relevant 
Notes may be redeemed early (in whole but not in part) at the Issuer’s sole option (subject to Condition 
3(h) (Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase)) at a price that can be lower than the price at 
which the relevant Notes were purchased.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
While the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes, if any, will be the same for all holders of 
such Notes, some Noteholders may be more impacted than others. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding any such substituted notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders 
from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution. 
1.10 
The market value for Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor can be volatile  
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include such 
features. 
Moreover, the reference rate could be zero or even negative. Even if the relevant reference rate becomes 
negative, it will still remain the basis for the calculation of the interest rate, and a margin, if applicable, 
will be added to such negative interest rate. 
1.11 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes or 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes, on the one hand, and Fixed 
Rate Notes, on the other, is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
for Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return 
on investment cannot be compared with that of investments bearing fixed interest rate. 
1.12 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to greater price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of interest-bearing Notes because the discounted issue prices can be substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes 
having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type 
of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
1.13 
Risks relating to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” may bear interest at a 
rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market for, and the 
market value of, such Notes, since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its other Notes. 
1.14 
The reset of the rate of interest of Resettable Notes may affect the secondary market for and the market 
value of such Notes 
In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset 
by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset 
dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 2(b) (Rate 
of Interest on Resettable Notes). The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may 
affect the secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
of the rate of interest applicable to the Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
1.15 
Fluctuating market value for Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
1.16 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to Issuer risk 
As purchasers of foreign currency Notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange 
rates. This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the Issuer or the type of Note being 
issued. 
1.17 
Modifications, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders, as well 
as the possibility of written resolutions or electronic consents by the Noteholders, to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Terms and Conditions and/or the 
substitution of the Issuer. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or provide 
their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution.. Investors might therefore be bound 
by certain amendments to the Notes to which they did not consent. In addition, pursuant to Condition 
2(o) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation and related provisions of the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, 
without the requirement for the consent of the Noteholders.  
1.18 
Additional Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute senior non-preferred 
obligations within the meaning of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law (the “Senior 
Non-Preferred Law”). While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes by their terms are expressed to be direct, 
unconditional, senior and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the Issuer, they 
nonetheless rank junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer in the case of 
liquidation. The Issuer’s senior preferred obligations include all of its deposit obligations, its obligations 
in respect of derivatives and other financial contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities (including the 
Senior Preferred Notes) and all unsubordinated or senior debt securities issued thereafter that are not 
expressed to be senior non-preferred obligations. 
There is no restriction on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional senior preferred obligations. As a 
consequence, if the Issuer enters into liquidation proceedings, it will be required to pay substantial 
amounts of senior preferred obligations before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes) will be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
conversion into equity securities or other instruments, in the order of priority that would apply in 
liquidation proceedings. Because senior non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes rank junior to senior preferred obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down 
or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred obligations were written down or 
converted. See “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes”. 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of 
senior preferred obligations, and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were 
to enter into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
Senior non-preferred securities are new types of instruments for which there is limited trading history 
Prior to the entry into force of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, Belgian issuers were not able to issue 
securities with a senior non-preferred ranking. Accordingly, there is limited trading history for securities 
of Belgian banks with this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial 
stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned 
to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating 
agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the 
market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of 
senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected 
by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may incur 
losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes contain very limited covenants 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may 
issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or on the amount of securities it may issue that 
rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact 
the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon resolution or liquidation of the Issuer. In addition, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit 
its ability or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use 
cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, 
repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the 
Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
2. 
Risks in connection with the status of the investor 
2.1 
No tax gross-up protection for Non-Eligible Investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not require the Issuer to gross-up the net payments received 
by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with any amounts withheld or deducted for Belgian tax purposes 
if the Noteholder (i) was not, at the time of the issue of the Notes, an eligible investor within the meaning 
of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (an “Eligible 
Investor”) or (ii) was, at the time of issue of the Notes, an Eligible Investor but, for reasons within the 
holder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, (iii) at any relevant time on or after the issue of the 
Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax 
pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions with certain securities (each a “Non-Eligible 
Investor”). 
If the Issuer, the NBB, the Paying Agent or any other person is required to make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in 
respect of any payment in respect of Notes held by Non-Eligible Investors, the Issuer, the NBB, the 
Paying Agent or that other person shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been 
made and will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors holding their Notes in 
an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant 
in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
2.2 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency or the 
Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the equivalent yield on the 
Notes in the Investor’s Currency, (ii) the equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes in the 
Investor’s Currency and (iii) the equivalent market value of the Notes in the Investor’s Currency. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3. 
Other risks 
3.1 
A holder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the Notes. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as 
a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional — domestic or foreign — parties 
are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in 
foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage 
fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), Noteholders must also 
take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Notes before investing in the Notes. 
3.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Any Series of Notes will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to 
be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application may be made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Market, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted, that an active trading market will develop or that any listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained. Notes may also be issued on an unlisted basis. Accordingly, there is no assurance as 
to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes, nor that such

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
application for any listing or admission to trading will be maintained in respect of every Tranche of 
Notes. 
3.3 
The Notes are not covered by any government compensation or insurance scheme and do not have the 
benefit of any government guarantee 
An investment in the Notes will not be covered by any compensation or insurance scheme of any 
government agency of Belgium or any other jurisdiction, and the Notes do not have the benefit of any 
government guarantee. The Notes are the Issuer’s obligation only and Noteholders must solely look to 
the Issuer for the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. In the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency, a holder may lose all or some of its investment in the Notes. 
The Notes are not covered by the “Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme” as established 
by the Act of 17 December 1998 on the establishment of a deposit and financial instrument protection 
scheme, nor are they covered by the “Special protection funds for deposits and life insurances”, as 
established by Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 14 November 2008 on measures to promote financial 
stability and, in particular, to set up a State guarantee for loans granted and other transactions in the 
context of financial stability, as regards the protection of deposits, life insurance and the capital of 
authorised cooperative societies. Accordingly, the Notes will not be repaid, recovered or refunded by the 
“Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme”, nor by the “Special protection funds for deposits 
and life insurances”. 
3.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more are 
expected to be rated A-, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are expected to be rated BBB, and the 
Subordinated Notes are expected to be rated BBB-, in each case by Standard & Poor’s. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the ESMA’s website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu) on or about the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Other independent credit rating agencies could decide to assign credit ratings to the Notes. 
There is no guarantee that any ratings will be assigned or maintained. The ratings may furthermore not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors (including a change of control affecting the Issuer) that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating 
or the assignment of an unfavourable rating by a rating agency could adversely affect the trading price 
for the Notes. 
3.5 
The Paying Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through 
the Securities Settlement System 
The Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) provides that the Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will debit the relevant account of the Issuer 
and use such funds to make payment to the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that the Paying Agent will, after receipt by it of the relevant 
amounts, pay to the Noteholder, directly or through the Securities Settlement System, any amounts due 
in respect of the Notes. However, the Paying Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts 
received by it in respect of the Notes, and in the event that the Paying Agent were subject to insolvency 
proceedings at any time when it held any such amounts, the Issuer would be required to claim such

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
amounts from the Paying Agent in accordance with applicable insolvency laws and may not be able to 
recover all or part of such amounts. This may impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Notes. 
3.6 
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such Benchmark 
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ (“Benchmarks”) and which may be used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments, 
are the subject of recent and on-going reforms. These reforms may cause Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), subject to certain transitional provisions, 
applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a 
Benchmark within the European Union. Among other things, the Benchmark Regulation (i) requires 
Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if based 
outside the European Union, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Pursuant to Article 28.2 of the Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer must produce and maintain robust 
written plans setting out the actions that it would take in the event that a Benchmark materially changes 
or ceases to be provided. Reference is made to Condition 2(o) (Benchmark replacement) which provides 
for certain fall-back arrangements in the event “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs. 
The Benchmark Regulation could adversely affect any Notes referencing a Benchmark, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the relevant Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. 
A Benchmark could also be discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark administrator to be 
authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be deemed equivalent or recognised 
or otherwise endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the Benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value or and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a Benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the Benchmark could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The elimination of 
EURIBOR or any other Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or any 
other Benchmark Event could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation and related

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions as well as the Agency Agreement (as further described in 
Condition 2(o) (Benchmark replacement)), and could result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
Notes linked to such Benchmark (including Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other Benchmark that is or may 
become the subject of reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty 
as to the nature of successor or alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark 
may adversely affect Notes which reference such Benchmark including the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for them. 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or 
any successor service)), becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be 
set by the Issuer (without a requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be adjusted 
(if required). There can be no assurance that any Adjustment Spread will be effective to reduce or 
eliminate any economic prejudice to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. Pursuant to Condition 2(o), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser before determining such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. Where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate can be determined 
pursuant to Condition 2(o), or where “Benchmark Replacement” is not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the ultimate fall-back of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Resettable Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable), the relevant fall-back provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to 
which the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes (as applicable) or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes (as applicable). 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 20182 and 
31 December 20193, including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 
30 June 2020, including the report of the statutory auditor in respect thereof (the “2020 interim 
report”);4  
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 18 January 2019 (the “2019 
Terms and Conditions” and the “2019 Base Prospectus”, respectively), pages 58-109 (inclusive), 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme;5 and 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 16 January 2020 (the “2020 
Terms and Conditions” and the “2020 Base Prospectus”, respectively), pages 42-93 (inclusive), 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme,6 
each of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and have been prepared by the Issuer and are 
available at www.argenta.eu. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the (i) (condensed)7 consolidated balance sheet, 
(ii) (condensed) consolidated statement of income, (iii) (condensed) consolidated (interim) cash flow statement, 
(iv) audit report on the consolidated accounts, and (v) notes to the (condensed) consolidated (interim) financial 
statements as set out in each of the 2020 interim report and the 2018 and 2019 annual reports of the Issuer. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such documents are not relevant for the 
investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the 2019 
Base Prospectus or the January 2020 Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (other 
than (i) the 2019 Terms and Conditions contained on pages 58-109 (inclusive) of the 2019 Base Prospectus and 
(ii) the January 2020 Terms and Conditions contained on pages 42-93 (inclusive) of the January 2020 Base 
Prospectus). 
 
 
Consolidated interim financial 
statements 2020 
                                                     
2  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2018/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-annual-
statements-2018.pdf. 
3  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-
information/2019/IFRS%20Annual%20Statements%20Argenta%20Spaarbank%202019.pdf. 
4  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2020/argenta-interim-financial-
statements-1H-2020.pdf. 
5  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2019/EMTN%20-%20Prospectus.pdf. 
6  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2020/Prospectus-Euro-Medium-Term-
Note-Programme-16-January-2020.pdf.  
7  
Condensed financial information is only available for the 2020 interim report.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(English version) 
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
pages 6-7 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss 
page 8 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income 
Condensed interim statement of changes in equity 
Condensed consolidated interim cash flow statement 
Page 9 
Page 10 
Pages 11-12 
The Statutory Auditor’s review report  
page 3 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
pages 13-38 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2018 
 
(English version) 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2019 
 
(English version) 
Consolidated balance sheet 
pages 15-16 
pages 16-17 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
pages 17-18 
pages 18-19 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income 
page 19 
page 20 
Consolidated statement of changes in 
equity 
page 20 
page 21 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
pages 21-23 
pages 22-24 
Audit report on the consolidated accounts 
pages 8-14 
pages 9-15 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
pages 24-127 
pages 25-143

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
once approved by the CSSF in its capacity as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market (including the Professional Segment thereof), shall constitute a prospectus supplement in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this 
Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement (in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save for the paragraphs in italics that shall not 
form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, 
the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes shall complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
References in these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series 
(as defined below) only, not to all Notes that may be issued under Argenta Spaarbank NV’s Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”). All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them or refer to information specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are issued subject to an amended and restated paying, calculation and listing agency agreement dated 
on or about 18 December 2020 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue 
Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) between, amongst others, Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV (“Argenta Spaarbank” 
or the “Issuer”), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Brussels branch as paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) and 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch as listing agent (the “Listing Agent”). The expressions 
“Paying Agent” and “Listing Agent” shall include any successor or other paying or listing agent appointed from 
time to time pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement. The calculation agent (if any) shall be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and is referred to below as the “Calculation Agent”. The Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Listing Agent are together referred to as the “Agents” and each of them taken individually as an 
“Agent”. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue price and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. In these Terms and Conditions, “euro”, “EUR”, and “€” 
means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the specified offices of the Paying 
Agent. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note shall be EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples thereof (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) and 
cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively via a book-entry system 
maintained in the records of the Securities Settlement System (as defined below) and will be credited to 
the accounts held with the Securities Settlement System by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Monte Titoli”), any other national or international NBB investors central securities depositories 
(“NBB investor (I)CSDs”) or other Securities Settlement System participants for credit by Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities 
Settlement System participants to the securities accounts of their subscribers and through other financial 
intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement participants. The Notes are accepted for 
clearance through the Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian 
clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its 
implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted 
or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB (as defined below) from time to 
time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition being referred to herein as the “Securities 
Settlement System Regulations”). The Notes may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten aan 
toonder/titres au porteur). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Securities Settlement System” means the settlement system operated 
by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto. 
Transfers of Notes will be effected only through records maintained by the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities 
Settlement System participants and in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Noteholder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Noteholder.  
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving 
consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly 
licenced in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing such Noteholder’s position in 
the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which such Noteholder’s Notes are 
held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor 
(I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will 
also be required). 
In these Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, “Noteholder” and “holder” means in 
respect of a Note, the person evidenced as holding the Note by the book-entry system maintained in the 
records of the NBB, or any of the other relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries as set out 
above. 
If, at any time, the Notes are transferred to any other clearing system which is not exclusively operated 
by the NBB (such clearing system an “Alternative Clearing System”), these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of such Notes. 
2. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
or Zero Coupon Notes, or any combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
at the First Reset Rate of Interest from and including the First Resettable Note Reset 
Date, to but excluding: 
(A) 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, if such a “Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date” is specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the Maturity Date, if no such “Second Resettable Note Reset Date” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Subsequent Reset Period, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with Condition 
2(i). 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Resettable Notes. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
General. Each Floating Rate Note and CMS-Linked Interest Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Rate of Interest in 
respect of CMS-Linked Interest Notes shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 2(c)(iv) below. The amount of interest payable shall, in each case, be 
determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination (Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes). Where 
“ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination (Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes). In 
relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) and Condition 2(o) below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. For the purposes of the 
foregoing: 
(x) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or 
if sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the Relevant 
Time, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request, or shall procure a 
third party to request, the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(y) 
if paragraph (x) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are, in the opinion of the Issuer, suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-
bank market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (or if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest 
Commencement Date) or (in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period to 
which a floating Rate of Interest applies under Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) 
the last observable rate for the Reference Rate which appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date in question 
(though substituting, in any such case, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest related to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(iv) 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes. Where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to be “CMS-Linked Interest Notes”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) and Condition 2(o) below, 
be determined as set out below according to which of the following Reference Rates is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(B) 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[Leverage x CMS Rate] + Margin 
(C) 
where “CMS Reference Rate Spread” is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin 
(D) 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread” is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin 
(v) 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest. The determination 
of the Rate of Interest pursuant to this Condition 2(c) above shall be subject to the 
following:

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(A) 
In relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, if any Margin is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rate of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, 
subject to (C) and (D) below, as applicable. 
(B) 
In relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, if any Leverage 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rate of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by multiplying the rate determined 
pursuant to Condition 2(c)(ii) or 2(c)(iii), as applicable, and the absolute value 
of such Leverage. 
(C) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the lesser of (i) the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii), 2(c)(iii) or 2(c)(iv), as applicable, and (ii) such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the greater of (i) the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii), 2(c)(iii) or 2(c)(iv), as applicable, and 
(ii) such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Change of Interest Basis - Rate of Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed 
Rate Notes 
(i) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes” in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(A) 
with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period and such subsequent Interest 
Accrual Periods as are specified for this purpose in the relevant Final Terms 
at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 2(a) and the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Interest Accrual Period thereafter, at a floating Rate of 
Interest in accordance with Condition 2(c) and the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Floating to Fixed Rate 
Notes” in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(A) 
with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period and such subsequent Interest 
Accrual Periods as are specified for this purpose in the relevant Final Terms 
at a floating Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 2(c) and the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Interest Accrual Period thereafter, at a fixed Rate of 
Interest in accordance with Condition 2(a) and the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount (as further specified in Condition 
3(b)). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption, unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused on the due date thereof or unless default is otherwise 
made in respect of payment, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, at the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or (if there is one) at the last Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable) in the 
manner provided in this Condition 2 to the Relevant Date. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means 
whichever is the later of (x) the date on which such payment first becomes due, and (y), (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which the full 
amount of such moneys outstanding is paid or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that such payment will be made. 
(g) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in the case of the 
Maturity Date, such date shall not be amended. 
In relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes, the Business Day Convention applicable 
shall always be the Following Business Day Convention.  
(h) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded up), (ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up, save in the case of Japanese yen, 
where halves shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen). For these purposes “unit” 
means, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(i) 
Calculations for Notes  
The amount of interest payable on the Notes of each Series for any Interest Accrual Period shall 
be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, the Initial 
Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or any Subsequent Rate of Interest), the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of such Series, and the Day Count Fraction 
for such Interest Accrual Period. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to 
be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(j) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 2(o), the Issuer 
shall request, or shall procure that a third party shall request, each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
at approximately the Relevant Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be 
the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First Reset 
Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 2(j): 
(i) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if “Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, (x) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (y) the First 
Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of 
First Reset Rate of Interest); 
(B) 
if “Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate and (y) the First Margin (with such sum converted, if 
necessary, as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest); or 
(C) 
if “Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the last observable rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) the First Margin (with such sum 
converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of 
Interest), 
provided that (x) (in the case of an issue of Subordinated Notes) if the application of 
(i)(B) or (i)(C) could, in the determination of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to 
result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 3(d)), or (y) (in the case of an issue of 
Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if the 
application of (i)(B) or (i)(C) could, in the determination of the Issuer, reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments (as defined in 
Condition 3(f)) or to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case 
may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, 
then (i)(A) above will apply; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination 
Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the Mid-Swap Rate determined 
on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (y) the Subsequent 
Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the definition of 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest); or 
(B) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (x) the last 
observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) the 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted, if necessary, as set out in the 
definition of Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest), provided that (I) (in the case 
of an issue of Subordinated Notes) if the application of (ii)(B) could, in the 
determination of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to result in a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 3(d)), or (II) (in the case of 
an issue of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) if the application of (ii)(B) could, in the determination 
of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments or to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then (ii)(A) above will 
apply, 
all as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, taking into 
consideration all available information that it in good faith deems relevant.  
For the purposes of this Condition 2(j), “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(k) 
Linear interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Determination” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(k), “Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable and provided it has been enabled to perform 
any calculation required under these Conditions through the information to be provided by the 
Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer, on each date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation (including, in the case of Resettable Notes, each Reset Determination Date), 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Paying Agent, the Issuer, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period and/or Reset Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date, Resettable Note Interest Payment Date, Resettable Note Reset Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 2(g), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously 
in accordance with this Condition 2 but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means (i) in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (A) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Belgium and (B) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency in which the 
relevant Notes are denominated and (ii) in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in Belgium, (B) on which the Securities Settlement System is operating and (C) (if a 
payment in euro is to be made on that day) which is a day on which the TARGET 2 System is 
operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and in relation to both (i) and (ii) above, such other 
day as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or the Lead Manager on 
behalf of the relevant Dealers (as the case may be) and specified as an Interest Business Day 
Jurisdiction in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount by reference to which a Redemption Amount is 
calculated and is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository as defined in Article 2, 1st paragraph, (1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012. 
“CMS-Linked Interest Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note / 
CMS-Linked Interest Note Provisions” of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and which are specified as being CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of 
the CMS Rate as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such quotations, the CMS 
Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where 
there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If 
on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided above, the CMS Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“CMS Rate 1” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS 
Rate 1 in the relevant Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of 
the CMS Rate 1 as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such quotations, the CMS 
Rate 1 for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where 
there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If 
on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided above, the CMS Rate 1 shall be determined

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“CMS Rate 2” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS 
Rate 2 in the relevant Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of 
the CMS Rate 2 as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such quotations, the CMS 
Rate 2 for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where 
there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If 
on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided above, the CMS Rate 2 shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“CMS Rates” means any CMS Rate, CMS Rate 1 and/or CMS Rate 2, as the case may be. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the 
last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date or the Interest Commencement Date (as applicable). 
“Designated Maturity” means the time period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, or if no such Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 2(j) above, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from 
a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency” means the payment frequency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” in Part 
A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note / CMS-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions” of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and which are specified as being Floating Rate Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest per annum specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of a Series for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, shall mean the amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 2(i); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of a Series for that period, as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 2(i). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) or Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are set out in the relevant Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period set out in these Terms and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be) and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be). 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended, supplemented and/or updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
“Lead Regulator” means the NBB, ECB or any successor entity primarily responsible for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer. 
“Leverage” means the value or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Margin” means the percentage rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided 
that (A) the Margin may be specified either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods and (B) the Margin may be zero. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis 
of the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 2(j) above, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms which shall never be less than zero and, if not otherwise specified, shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any Note 
specified, calculated or determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this 
Condition 2 and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means (i) Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount, (ii) Final 
Redemption Amount, (iii) Redemption Amount (Call), (iv) Capital Disqualification Event Early 
Redemption Amount, (v) Tax Event Redemption Amount, (vi) MREL Disqualification Event 
Early Redemption Amount, or (vii) Event of Default Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means (i) in relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes and 
Resettable Notes, the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) in relation to CMS Rates, means (A) where the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Reference Currency is euro, the principal Eurozone office of five leading swap dealers in the 
inter-bank market, (B) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of 
five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (C) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (D) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal office in the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency of five leading swap 
dealers in the relevant financial centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Issuer 
or any third party appointed by the Issuer. 
“Reference Currency” means each currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means, in relation to any Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the 
rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and in relation to any CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the rate specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board established by 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
together with the resolution college of the NBB (where applicable) and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including 
the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to 
Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of that service which displays the 
information). 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a Designated Maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
 “Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate, 
and for these purposes, the Relevant Time in the case of EURIBOR shall be 11:00 a.m. Brussels 
time. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
“Reset Determination Date” means, (i) in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) in respect of the first Subsequent 
Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, (iii) 
in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each 
such Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Reset Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Resettable Note Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Resettable Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Resettable Notes Provisions” in Part 
A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reuters Screen” means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such 
information). 
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Sterling” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period 
from (and including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Resettable Note Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 2(j) above, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the 
applicable Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent 
to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such 
calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
“Target 2-Securities” means the Eurosystem’s single technical settlement solution enabling 
CSDs and national central banks to provide borderless and neutral securities matching and 
settlement services in central bank money in Europe.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
“TARGET 2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or 
any successor thereto. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” means Notes which do not bear any interest, and in respect of which the 
“Zero Coupon Note” provisions in Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(n) 
Calculation Agent 
For so long as any Resettable Note, Floating Rate Note or CMS-Linked Interest Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall procure that there shall at 
all times be one or more Calculation Agents appointed to act as calculation agent for such Notes. 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Terms and Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount or the Redemption 
Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through any office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(o) 
Benchmark replacement 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 2, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 2(o)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 2(o)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 2(o)(iv)).  
In making such determination, the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Issuer shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Paying Agent or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 2(o). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 2(o) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the 
Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 2(o). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser after having used its 
reasonable endeavours to do so; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 2(o)(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 2(o). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 2(o)(iii)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 2(o)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 2(o)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 2(o)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 2(o) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”), and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 2(o)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 2(o)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 2(o), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be made to effect a 
Benchmark Amendment pursuant to this Condition 2(o), if, and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in a 
change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital 
Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification 
Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes).  
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 2(o), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating an Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, 
as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 2(o) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 8, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 2(o) (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 2(c)(iii) and Condition 2(j) (as applicable) will continue to apply unless and 
until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, 
in accordance with Condition 2(o)(v). 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 2(o): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) 
(D) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 2(o)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(o)(iv).  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) No 2016/1011, if applicable); 
provided that in the case of (B), (D) and (E), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of the publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of the use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 2(o)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at 
its Final Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount equal to the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the 
Calculation Amount, provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in 
any case, be less than 100 per cent., or (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount. 
“Specified Fixed Percentage Rate” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate shall be 100 per cent. 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes  
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Zero Coupon Note 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted back to the due date for payment at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms) applied on a compounded or non-compounded basis as specified in the 
Final Terms (which, if none is specified in the Final Terms, shall be such rate 
(compounded annually) as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) (the “Amortised Face Amount”). 
(iii) 
If the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero 
Coupon Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), or 3(f) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is not paid when due, 
the Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein 
to the due date for payment were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
2(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If “Call Option” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, subject in respect 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms only to 
the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer may on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of irrevocable notice to the Noteholders as shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than seven days) redeem all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination(s) or 
integral multiples thereof on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the 
Noteholders). Any such redemption must relate to the Notes of a nominal amount at least equal

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
to the Minimum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the Securities Settlement System. 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Call)” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
If this Condition 3(d) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if a 
Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the 
conditions set out in Condition 3(h), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), at its 
option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, on any Interest Payment Date 
or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, at the Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
The notice given to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) pursuant to this 
Condition shall (i) contain a confirmation by the Issuer stating that a Capital Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) set out the date fixed for redemption, and such 
confirmation shall (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulation” means at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and policies of the Lead Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect in 
Belgium, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer at such time (for the avoidance 
of doubt, including as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRR and CRD). 
“Capital Disqualification Event” means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
Issuer determines, in good faith, and after consultation with the Lead Regulator, that by reason 
of a change (or a prospective change which the Lead Regulator considers to be sufficiently 
certain) to the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes, at any time after the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease (or would cease) to be included, 
in whole or in part, in or count towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer on a solo and/or 
consolidated basis (having done so before the Capital Disqualification Event occurring) 
(excluding, for these purposes, any non-recognition as a result of applicable regulatory 
amortisation in the five years immediately preceding maturity).

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
“Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount 
provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per 
cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above. 
“CRD” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and 
as may be further amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
In this Condition 3(d): “Tier 2 capital” has the meaning given to it under the Applicable 
Banking Regulation as applied by the Lead Regulator from time to time. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
Subject in respect of Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes only to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer may, at its option (subject to 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes outstanding on any Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date (as the case may be), or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time, at the Tax Event Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid, if 
any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders), 
if, at any time, a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in the case of a Tax Gross-up Event, or (ii) a 
payment in respect of the Notes would cease to be deductible or the tax deductibility of such 
payment would reduce in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event, in each case, were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition, the Issuer shall obtain an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event exists save that such opinion shall not address 
whether the relevant obligations can be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(i) 
in making payments under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in making interest 
payments only), the Issuer has or will on or before the next date on which payment is 
due under the Notes become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
to in Condition 5 (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or 
(ii) 
if “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on 
or before the next date on which payment is due under the Notes any payment of 
interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes ceases (or will cease) to be tax deductible 
by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction’s tax purposes or such deductibility is reduced 
(and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it) (a “Tax Deductibility Event”). 
“Tax Event Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. 
per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and 
interest on the Notes become generally subject. 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which the Tax Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation thereof, which change or amendment (i) (subject to (ii)) 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, or (ii) in the case of a 
change in law, if such change is enacted on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If the Notes are (i) Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and “Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes 
upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and “Redemption of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time and having given not more than 60 nor less than 
30 calendar days’ notice to the holders of the relevant Notes, in accordance with Condition 8 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant outstanding 
Notes at the MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, and subject to Condition 3(h). 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL. 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for banking 
institutions under the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time), as set in accordance with Article 45 of such 
Directive (as transposed in Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, or any successor requirement.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has 
been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) of a Series or of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations, either by reason of (i) a change in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations (or the application or official interpretation of such regulations) or (ii) the 
Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective, except where such non-qualification (a) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or (b) is due to the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations or (c) is due to any restriction on the amount of liabilities that can count as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or (e) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), is due to the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes not meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency 
of the Issuer. 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be counted towards the 
MREL of the Issuer in accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount 
provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per 
cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above. 
(g) 
Repurchases and purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may repurchase and purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. This Condition 3(g) shall apply in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
(where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent such 
repurchases and purchases of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes are not prohibited by the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable, and subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h). 
(h) 
Conditions to redemption, repurchase and purchase 
Any optional redemption, repurchase or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 is subject to 
the following conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then required by the Applicable 
Banking Regulation and/or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable): 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation 
and/or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable, including the prior approval of 
the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required); 
(ii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes only, (A) in the case of redemption following the 
occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Lead Regulator that (x) the Tax Law Change was not foreseeable by the Issuer as at

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes and (y) the Tax Event is material, or (B) in 
the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the 
relevant change is sufficiently certain and was not foreseeable by the Issuer as at the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes; and 
(iii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes to the extent set out in the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulations (as applicable) and required by the Lead Regulator or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Subject in respect of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes only to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), all Notes repurchased or 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be, and all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer will be, cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the 
applicable rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities 
Settlement System participant holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by 
the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any currency other 
than euro or a currency which is participating in Target 2-Securities, to Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS and Monte Titoli will constitute good discharge for the Issuer.  
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its 
agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 5. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Agents initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in a major European city, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day, or as may be otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which: 
(a) banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of payment 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Payment Business Day Jurisdictions” in the 
relevant Final Terms; (b) the Securities Settlement System is open; and (c) either: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
5. 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
In that event, or if a clearing system or any participant in a clearing system withholds or deducts for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall be not less than the respective amounts of principal and interest, or interest 
only in case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where 
“Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect 
of any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having 
some connection with any Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note, or the 
receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of the Note; or 
(b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could 
lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or 
procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note is presented for payment; 
or 
(c) 
Non-Eligible Investors: to a Noteholder who, at the time of issue of the Notes, was not an 
Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax or to a Noteholder who was an Eligible Investor at the time of 
issue of the Notes but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any 
other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 
1993 relating to transactions with certain securities; or 
(d) 
Conversion into registered Notes: to a Noteholder who is liable to such withholding or 
deduction because the Notes were converted into registered Notes upon his/her request and 
could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional 
amounts in respect of, or otherwise to indemnify a Noteholder for, any FATCA withholding. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 3 or any amendment or supplement to 
it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 2 or any amendment or supplement to it, and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 5. 
6. 
Status and subordination 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (“Senior Notes”) or subordinated Notes (“Subordinated Notes”) 
and the Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-
preferred Notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Senior Preferred Notes”) are direct, 
unconditional, senior and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future, which will fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, but, 
in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to 
creditors’ rights; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general 
application.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Preferred Notes (including for any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
under these Terms and Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any present and future claims as 
may be preferred by laws of general application; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Terms” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of such Senior 
Preferred Notes, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or 
retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder 
of such Senior Preferred Notes by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, such holder shall, 
unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the 
payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) are issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law and are direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all 
times: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the 
event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ 
rights; 
(B) 
senior to the Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims of (a) any unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer, and (b) all other present and future claims as may be preferred by

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including for any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
under these Terms and Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of Senior Preferred Obligations 
(including any holders of Senior Preferred Notes) and other present and future 
claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority 
to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of the Subordinated 
Notes of the Issuer and other present and future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued 
by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and each Noteholder shall, 
by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-Preferred Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a 
Senior Non-Preferred Note by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder 
shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to 
the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the 
payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
Status and Subordination 
Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
“Subordinated” (“Subordinated Notes”) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation of the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in 
business of the Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated Notes shall, subject to any

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and subject to national laws 
governing normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, rank:  
(A) 
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer;  
(B) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and pari passu with (a) the 
claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 
2 capital of the Issuer and (b) any obligation which ranks or is expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and  
(C) 
senior and in priority to (a) the claims of holders of all classes of share and 
other equity capital (including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (b) the 
claims of holders of all obligations or instruments of the Issuer which, upon 
issue, constitute or constituted Tier 1 capital of the Issuer, and (c) the claims 
of holders of any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer which are or 
are expressed to be subordinated to the Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by 
virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Subordinated Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation and retention. Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a Subordinated Notes 
by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, unless such payment is 
prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge 
to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or 
administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in 
respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge 
shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(iii) 
Defined Terms 
In this Condition 6(c): 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect of 
obligations which are unsubordinated or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to 
rank, senior to obligations which constitute Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (including the 
Subordinated Notes). 
“Tier 1 capital” and “Tier 2 capital” have the respective meaning given to them under 
the Applicable Banking Regulation as applied by the Lead Regulator. 
(d) 
Certain Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: 
Substitution and Variation 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes in 
relation to which this Condition 6(d) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying, then, 
following a MREL Disqualification Event (in case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or following a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Noteholders, by giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 8 substitute or vary the terms of all, but not some only, of the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding so that they become or, as appropriate, remain, Qualifying 
Securities. 
Any substitution or variation of the Securities pursuant to this Condition 6(d) is subject to 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or 
Applicable MREL Regulations (as applicable), including the prior approval of the Lead 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Qualifying Securities” means, at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or Subordinated Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes); 
(ii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank of international standing, and provided that a 
certification of two members of the management board of the Issuer shall have been 
delivered to the Paying Agent prior to the substitution or variation of the relevant 
securities), provided that such securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking 
Regulation in relation to Tier 2 capital (in case of Subordinated Notes) or that 
they comply with the then Applicable MREL Regulations (in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); 
(B) 
not contain terms which would cause a MREL Disqualification Event (in case 
of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” 
has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of Subordinated 
Notes) or (in either case) a Tax Event to occur as a result of such substitution 
or variation; 
(C) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s 
perspective, a more favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest 
Payment Dates or Resettable Note Interest Payment Dates (as the case may 
be), Maturity Date and if applicable optional redemption dates, as apply to 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(D) 
shall preserve any existing right under the Terms and Conditions to any 
accrued interest, principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(E) 
not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral or 
cancellation of payments of principal and/ or interest;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(iii) 
are listed on (A) the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (B) such 
other regulated market in the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (to 
the extent the Notes were listed on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or such other regulated market in the European Economic Area prior to their 
substitution or variation); and  
(iv) 
where the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or 
varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, 
be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than the solicited credit rating of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Subordinated Notes immediately prior to their substitution 
or variation. 
7. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
Subject to this Condition 7 being specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, the Issuer or any 
previous substituted company may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
itself as principal debtor under the Notes, any company (the “Substitute”) provided that: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” has 
been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of 
Subordinated Notes, the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as required) 
approves the substitution; 
(b) 
the substitution is made by execution of such documentation as the Issuer determines is 
appropriate to give effect to such substitution; 
(c) 
no payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes is at the time of such substitution overdue; 
(d) 
the Substitute assumes all obligations and liabilities of the substituted Issuer in its capacity as 
debtor arising from, or in connection with, the Notes and the substitution is subject to the Issuer 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteeing on a senior preferred basis (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes), on a senior non-preferred basis (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on 
a subordinated basis (in the case of Subordinated Notes) corresponding to the ranking of the 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Substitute; 
(e) 
the Substitute becomes a party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, and assumes all the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer in its capacity as debtor 
under the Notes contained therein and shall be bound as fully as if the Substitute had been named 
therein as an original party; 
(f) 
the Substitute shall, by execution of such documentation as the Issuer determines is appropriate, 
agree to indemnify the holder of each Note against any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge 
that is imposed on such Noteholder by the jurisdiction of the country of its residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein with respect to any Note and that would not have been so imposed had it not 
been substituted as the principal debtor and any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge imposed 
on or relating to such substitution and any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(g) 
the Substitute obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents, takes 
all actions and fulfils all conditions necessary for such substitution and to ensure that any 
document executed to give effect to the substitution and the Notes represents valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(h) 
the Substitute shall cause a legal opinion to be delivered to the Paying Agent from lawyers with 
a leading securities practice in Belgium and the jurisdiction of the Substitute confirming the 
validity of the substitution and the continuance or giving of the guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (d) above; 
(i) 
each stock exchange which the Notes are listed on or the relevant competent authority relating 
thereto shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Issuer, such Notes 
would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(j) 
following the substitution, the Notes will continue to be represented by book-entry in the records 
of the Securities Settlement System; 
(k) 
where the Notes had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to the 
substitution of the Issuer, the Notes shall continue to be rated by such rating agency immediately 
following such substitution and the published ratings assigned to the Notes by any such rating 
agency immediately following such substitution will be no less than those assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior thereto; and 
(l) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of a proposed substitution to the 
Noteholders, such notice to be published in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, stating 
that copies, or pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution 
that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to the 
Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
References in Condition 11 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations of the 
Substitute under the documentation executed in order to give effect to the substitution. 
8. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders shall be validly given if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB 
for communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System, and (ii) in the case of 
Notes held in a securities account, through a direct notification through the applicable clearing system. 
For so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of 
that exchange so require, such notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of 
direct notification, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following 
the date of notification.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall be prescribed and become void ten or five years, respectively, after 
the Relevant Date thereof, unless application to a court of law for such payment has been initiated on or 
before such respective time. 
10. 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modification to Agency Agreement 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Terms and Conditions contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined below) of a modification of any of these Terms and Conditions. The provisions of this 
Condition 10(a) are subject to, and should be read together with, the more detailed provisions 
contained in the Meeting Provisions (which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency). 
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any relevant 
Series of Notes. Any such modification or waiver may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification or waiver shall 
always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions and the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the 
Issuer) to modify or waive any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series 
of Notes (including any proposal (i) to modify the maturity of a Series of Notes or the dates on 
which interest is payable in respect of a Series of Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal 
amount of, or interest on, a Series of Notes, (iii) to change the currency of payment of a Series 
of Notes, or (iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders) in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out in the Meeting 
Provisions.  
A Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) signed, or Electronic Consent (as 
defined in the Meeting Provisions) given, by the holders of 75 per cent. in principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. A resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with these provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting (if applicable) or, as the case may be, whether or 
not they vote in favour of the relevant resolution (whether at any such meeting or pursuant to a 
Written Resolution or by way of Electronic Consent). 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions. 
Resolutions of Noteholders will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved by the 
Issuer and, if so required, by the Lead Regulator.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to the Terms and Conditions to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments determined pursuant to Condition 2(o)(iv) may be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
Without prejudice to Condition 2(o), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms – 
Events of Default: 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and such default 
continues for a period of 30 days or more after the due date, any holder of the relevant Notes 
may institute proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer including, without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), judicial liquidation (gerechtelijke 
vereffening/liquidation forcée) or voluntary liquidation (vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation 
volontaire) (other than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all liabilities of the Issuer) under the 
laws of Belgium), each holder of Notes of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable) may give written notice to 
the Paying Agent at its specified office that its relevant Note(s) is (are) immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of such Note(s) together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11(a) shall be available 
to the holders of the relevant Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
relevant Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the relevant Notes waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 1184 of the Belgian Civil 
Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the rescission 
(ontbinding/résolution) of, the relevant Notes and (ii) to the extent applicable, all their rights 
whatsoever in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code. 
(b) 
Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Terms” is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default: 
If any of the events set out below in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred 
Notes Restricted Terms” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (“Events of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice specifying 
the Event of Default to the Issuer or the Paying Agent at its specified office and declaring that

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of 
such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable (unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to 
the receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent): 
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for a period of more than 15 days in the payment of 
principal or in the payment of interest in respect of any of the relevant Senior Preferred 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: default by the Issuer in the due performance or observance 
of any obligation, condition or other provisions under or in relation to the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes, if such default is not cured within 60 days of receipt by the 
Paying Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of any relevant Senior 
Preferred Note; or 
(iii) 
Winding-Up: the Issuer shall be dissolved or wound up or otherwise shall cease to exist 
prior to the redemption of all outstanding relevant Senior Preferred Notes (except for 
the purpose of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing 
corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer); or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent, is unable to pay its debts generally or as they 
fall due, is in “cessation de paiements/staking van betaling” or stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of its debts or ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on its business, or proposes or makes a general assignment 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, or a moratorium is agreed or 
declared in respect of or affecting all or a material part of the indebtedness of the Issuer, 
or if the Issuer applies for a “sursis de paiements/uitstel van betaling”, “liquidation 
volontaire/vrijwillige vereffening” (other than a “liquidation volontaire/vrijwillige 
vereffening” in connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer), “liquidation 
forcée/gerechtelijke vereffening”, “faillite/faillissement” or any similar procedures 
shall have been initiated in respect of the Issuer (except if any of the events described 
in this paragraph (iv) occurs in a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer); or 
(v) 
Illegality: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or any of its obligations thereunder ceases to be 
valid, binding or enforceable. 
In these Terms and Conditions: “Event of Default Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being 
the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date 
for and amount of the first payment of interest) so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be (unless otherwise specified) to the first issue date of the 
Notes, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references 
in these Terms and Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels, Belgium and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
on the ground of venue. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and shall 
not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor 
shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Acknowledgment of and Consent to the Bail-in Power 
Each Noteholder (which includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound 
by (i) the variation of the terms and conditions of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and (ii) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the relevant Relevant Resolution 
Authority in relation to any liability of the Issuer to any Noteholder under these Conditions. Such exercise 
may, among others, include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(a) 
all, or part of the Notes or Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being reduced; 
(b) 
all or part of the Notes being converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person and such shares, securities or obligations being issued to or conferred 
on the Noteholder, including by means of a variation, modification or amendment of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Notes being cancelled; and 
(d) 
the maturity date of the Notes being amended or altered, or the amount of interest payable on 
the Notes, or date(s) on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period, being amended. 
In this Condition, 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations (including delegated 
or implementing measures of such regulatory technical standards), requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and their parent 
undertakings, and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Lead Regulator (or any successor or replacement 
entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer), the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant to which obligations

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
of the Issuer can be reduced, modified, cancelled, written down and/ or converted into shares, securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person or suspended for a temporary period; and 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Notes. These amounts 
include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
Provisions on meetings of Noteholders 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of 
which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 30.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) 
by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an 
Electronic Consent; 
1.7 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 
4 and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.8 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; 
1.9 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and 
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that 
proportion in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Where any of the provisions of this Schedule would be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that will not 
affect the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Schedule.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Powers of meetings 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Term and Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Lead Regulator, and without prejudice to any 
powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in 
accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of the Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule proposed by the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution); 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes or to approve the exchange or substitution of the Notes into shares, bonds 
or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person, in each case, in circumstances 
not provided for in the Terms and Conditions or in applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of 
any existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 18 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which would have the effect of 
(other than in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or 
interest amounts;  
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions 
under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the terms and conditions of the Notes; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
to amend this proviso.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders;  
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. 
5. 
No amendment to the Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to 
any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of 
Noteholders complying in all respect with the requirements of Belgian law, the provisions set out in this 
Schedule and the articles of association of the Issuer. 
Convening a meeting 
6. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Paying Agent. 
7. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such 
Voting Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding 
were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) 
held to its order or under its control (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement System) and blocked by it, and (ii) that no such Notes 
will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System who issued the same; and 
8.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate 
is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the 
Notes represented by such certificate. 
9. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
9.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
9.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued 
and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any 
such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction 
of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or 
under its control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and (if and 
only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) 
blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under 
its control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting 
Instruction; 
9.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and (if 
and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) 
blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will 
be put to such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be 
revoked or amended during the period commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time 
for which such meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion 
or adjournment thereof; 
9.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked, distinguishing with regard 
to each resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid 
that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect 
of which instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against 
the resolution and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from 
voting; and 
9.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and 
instructed to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions 
referred to in 9.4 above as set out in such document. 
10. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System) block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time 
fixed for the meeting to the order of the Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the 
Paying Agent for the purpose. The Paying Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block 
Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to 
be a Noteholder. 
13. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or 
the Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not 
less than three (3) and not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to 
which the relevant voting instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. 
The Voting Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes 
continue to be so held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate 
or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in 
connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds 
to business. 
Chairman 
15. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for 
the meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman 
of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
16. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
16.1 
Noteholders and their agents;  
16.2 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; and 
16.3 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
17. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it 
shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the 
chairman may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so 
adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
18. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
18.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of 
the Notes which they represent; and 
18.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum 
resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
19. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 17. 
20. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the 
adjourned meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned 
general meeting. 
Voting 
21. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
22. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
23. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
24. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
25. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to 
the obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all 
in the same way. 
26. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote 
in addition to any other votes which he may have.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
27. 
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The 
Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to 
Noteholders within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
28. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
29. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
30. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, 
then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
30.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 30.1.1 and/or 30.1.2 
below, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) to the Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by close of business 
on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
30.1.1 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, 
at least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of 
the day on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in 
sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed 
resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, where 
applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the time 
and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be received in order for such 
consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
30.1.2 
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are 
first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution 
shall be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the 
Paying Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that 
the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as determined 
by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were 
received in relation to the original resolution and the information specified in sub-

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
paragraph 30.1 above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to “Relevant 
Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened 
in accordance with paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
30.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 30.1, a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in 
advance to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining whether a resolution has 
been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing 
directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to the 
Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or with written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement 
to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or 
other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system or the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed 
in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder or a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes 
is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to 
be forged or not authentic. 
31. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolutions. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders 
whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
CLEARING 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations). The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by a book entry in the records of the settlement system operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The Notes can be held by their holders 
through the participants in the Securities Settlement System or any other NBB investor (I)CSDs, including 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli or any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and through other 
financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in the Securities Settlement System. Possession of the Notes 
will pass by account transfer. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement system, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities Settlement System participant holding interest in the relevant 
Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any 
currency other than euro or a currency which is participating in Target 2-Securities, to Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs will constitute good discharge for the 
Issuer. Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities Settlement System 
participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment. Noteholders 
are entitled to exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by 
the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or another 
participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the Notes 
(or the position held by the financial institution through which their Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an 
affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in 
respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
GENERAL 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) organised under the 
laws of Belgium with company name “Argenta Spaarbank NV”, in short “Aspa”, with registered office at 2018 
Antwerp, Belgiëlei 49-53, and is registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (BCE/KBO) under number 
BE0404.453.574 (RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp). The registered office can be contacted by phone on the 
number +32 3 285 51 11. The Issuer’s LEI Code is A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65. The website of the Issuer is 
www.argenta.eu. The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has otherwise expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the name "Kredietmaatschappij Fiducia" for an indefinite time by notarial deed 
executed by notary Emile Lemineur in Antwerp on 18 April 1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official 
Gazette on 9 May 1956 under number 10639, and by notary Maurice Van Zeebroeck in Antwerp on 24 November 
1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official Gazette on 13 December 1956 under number 29036. 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority with regard 
to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), acting 
as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer is eight hundred fifteen million six hundred 
and forty two thousand and six hundred fifty euros (EUR 815,642,650) and is represented by 168,975 shares. The 
shares are held by Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (holding 99.99%). The shares of the Issuer are not 
listed. 
In June 2020, total consolidated balance sheet of Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries 
(including the Issuer) (the “Argenta Group”) amounted to EUR 51,722,718,250 and for the Issuer to 
EUR 44,786,323,538.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is part of the Argenta Group. The corporate organisational chart of the Argenta Group can be depicted 
as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A list with details of the various group companies is provided further in this Base Prospectus. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Investeringsmaatschappij Argenta NV (“Investar NV”), a mixed financial 
holding, holds 86.71% of the shares in Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (the “Parent”), with the 
remainder of the shares owned by Argenta Coöperatieve CV (“Argen-Co”), which is a recognised cooperative 
undertaking in accordance with the Act of 20 July 1955 on a National Council for Cooperatives.  
The Parent is the holding company of the Argenta Group. Its operational activities consist of group-level control 
functions (i.e. internal audit, compliance and integrity, risk and validation, legal affairs and organisation and 
talent). 
The Parent co-ordinates and provides joint management of the operations of its subsidiaries: the Issuer and 
Argenta Assuranties NV (“Aras”).  
The Parent is a mixed financial holding within the meaning of Article 3, 39° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
The Issuer has one subsidiary: Argenta Asset Management S.A., which has also a subsidiary Arvestar Asset 
Management S.A.. In addition, the Issuer has a branch office in the Netherlands. The Issuer, its subsidiaries and 
branch office form the “Bank Pool”. 
Argenta Asset Management S.A. is a Luxembourg company which is responsible for the management and central 
administration of the Argenta Group’s collective investment undertakings, i.e. Argenta Fund sicav and Argenta 
Portfolio sicav, which are open-end investment undertakings under Luxembourg law. The latter is a fund of funds 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep nv 
Argenta Spaarbank nv 
  
Argenta Spaarbank Dutch 
Branch  
Argenta Asset  
Management S.A. 
Investar nv 
Argen-Co cv 
86.71% 
13.29% 
99.99% 
99.71% 
Argenta Assuranties nv 
 
Argenta Assuranties 
Dutch Branch  
99.99% 
Arvestar Asset  
Management S.A. 
74.99 %

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(also known as an umbrella fund). This means that the assets of various sub-funds are invested in other collective 
investment undertakings. 
On 30 July 2018 a new company Arvestar Asset Management NV (“Arvestar”) was established within the 
Argenta Group. Arvestar is a UCITS and AIF management company under Belgian law and is a joint venture 
between Argenta Asset Management S.A. and Degroof Petercam Asset Management SA/NV (“DPAM”). The 
Issuer has previously outsourced the management of its pension savings funds Argenta Pensioenspaarfonds 
(“Arpe”) and Argenta Pensioenspaarfonds Defensive (“Arpe Defensive”) to DPAM. In view of the substantial 
volume of these funds, the Issuer and DPAM considered that it was desirable to create a separate control structure. 
Arvestar manages the Issuer’s pension funds since 1 November 2018.  
Arvestar was founded as a subsidiary of Argenta Asset Management S.A., where the asset management within 
the Argenta Group is centralised. Argenta Asset Management S.A. itself remains responsible for the management 
of the Argenta Fund sicav and the Argenta Portfolio sicav.  
Aras is a duly licensed Belgian insurance undertaking. Aras has a branch office in the Netherlands. Together they 
form the “Insurance Pool”. The Bank Pool has no claims on the Insurance Pool, and at present the Insurance Pool 
does not give financial support to the Bank Pool.  
On 31 August 2020, Waard Leven N.V. acquired the term life insurance and savings-linked mortgage insurance 
portfolio from Aras’s Dutch branch.  
It is expected that Aras’s Dutch branch will cease to operate, once the actual operational migration of the insurance 
portfolio to Waard Leven N.V. is completed. On the date of this Base Prospectus, this is expected to be finalised 
in the course of the first quarter of 2021. 
The Argenta Group has various interrelations. The Parent, the Issuer and Aras operate centralised and share 
operational departments; the main “shared” departments are ICT, human resources and facilities, as well as all 
group finance and risk functions. 
The Argenta Group is currently considering simplifying its shareholding structure which could lead to changes in 
the indirect shareholding of the Issuer. However, there will be no changes in relation to the direct shareholding of 
the Issuer nor the ultimate beneficial ownership of the Argenta Group. 
 
Overview of the Argenta Group entities 
 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV 
HOLDING COMPANY 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerpen 
BE 0475.525.276, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp  
Argenta Asset Management 
MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
société anonyme (public limited liability  
company) under the laws of Luxembourg 
27, Boulevard du Prince Henri 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Trade Register no. B 35185 
Argenta Spaarbank NV (the Issuer)  
CREDIT INSTITUTION 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.453.574, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp  
Arvestar Asset Management NV  
MANAGEMENT COMPANY  
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Guimardstraat 19 
B-1040 Brussels 
BE 0700.529.248, RPR Brussels

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Argenta Assuranties NV 
INSURANCE UNDERTAKING 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.456.148, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp 
Argenta Assuranties’ Dutch branch  
Stadionstraat 2 
NL-4815 NG Breda 
Argenta Spaarbank’s Dutch branch 
Stadionstraat 2 
NL-4815 NG Breda 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Key facts and figures of the Argenta Group 
The Issuer is a Belgian systemic financial institution (“D-SIB”) and forms part of the 114 banks that are subject 
to the direct supervision of the ECB. 
Argenta Group’s strategy consists in the offering of financial products, such as savings and investment products, 
loans and insurance products, to families, and, to a lesser extent, to self-employed persons. It is the fifth largest 
bank in Belgium in terms of deposits8 and has 1,106 employees. 
The Argenta Group has been active in Belgium since 1956 and in Luxemburg since 1987. It has been active on 
the Dutch mortgage market since 1997 and attracts savings in the Netherlands since 2004. All group activities 
exclusively consist of financial activities relating to attracting savings, granting loans, distribution of collective 
investments and offering life and non-life insurance products. Belgian customers are serviced through a network 
of independent agents (441 offices), who together employ 1479 people (as of 31 December 2019). Dutch 
customers are serviced through third party distribution and online direct channels. In August 2020 the Issuer 
communicated that, as well as a free account offer, it will also offer three paying packages. From 1 February 2021 
the Issuer will offer different payment packages. The Issuer has developed 4 payment packages for consumers 
including a free one (“Green-pakket”, “Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket“ and the free one “Basisbankdienst-
pakket”). For legal persons, groups, legal structures or organisations without legal personality the Issuer has 
developed one payment package (“Pro-pakket”).  
The banking activities (provided through the Bank Pool) are mainly focused on attracting funds from the retail 
market on the one hand and investing such funds in mortgage credits on the other hand. Besides its traditional 
banking activities, the Issuer also sells fee income generating products, such as UCITS. This allows the Argenta 
Group to diversify its profit generation. 
The insurance activities (provided through the Insurance Pool) consist of both life insurance products and health 
and indemnity insurances (more in particular, car insurances, civil liability, property). The Insurance Pool had 
total assets of around EUR 7.0 billion at 30 June 2020. 
With over 200,000 Belgian mortgages, credit risk is spread over a large number of clients and there are no 
individual clients with a substantial potential for loss. 
The Issuer has a solid financial position. The consolidated IRB-based CET1 ratio of the Issuer stood at 22.1% as 
of 30 June 2020 (Basel III). Despite continued pressure on the Net Interest Income (“NII”) due to the low interest 
rate environment, the Issuer has been able to maintain a solid Return on Equity (“RoE”) of 6.4% (adjusted for 
IFRIC 21) for the period ended on 30 June 2020. 
The following chart summarises key facts and figures for the Argenta Group on a consolidated basis under IFRS: 
 
 
                                                     
8  
Based on the sector wide data made available by Bureau Van Dijk. In the database of private company data provided by Bureau 
Van Dijk, there is a possibility to retrieve sectorwide data and to compare different companies operating in the same market. This 
allows to rank the Issuer vis-à-vis its peers on several parameters, a.o. deposit base.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
30 June 
30 June 
€ millions 
2019 
2020 
Total assets 
49,006 
51,723 
Shareholder’s equity 
2,738 
2,899 
Net income (adjusted for IFRIC 
21) 
50 (77) 
62 (94) 
C/I ratio adjusted for IFRIC 21 
(excl. bank levies) 
67% (55%) 
60% (50%) 
CET1 ratio (Danish 
compromise) 
22.5% 
22.6% 
Customer Assets under 
Management (€ billion) 
47.1 
50.2 
 
 
 
30 June 
30 June 
 
30 June 
30 June 
€ millions 
2019 
2020 
€ millions 
2019 
2020 
Total assets 
6,955 
6,943 
Total assets 
42,406 
44,786 
 
 
 
Shareholder’s equity 
2,047 
2,155 
Shareholder’s equity 
595 
606 
Deposits (incl. non-
subordinated term 
products) 
35,511 
37,537 
Gross premiums life1 
355 
426 
Loans to customers 
30,839 
31,982 
Gross premiums non-
life  
92 
94 
Net income (adjusted 
for IFRIC 21) 
21 (47) 
39 (68) 
Net income 
30 
31 
RoE adjusted for 
IFRIC 21 
4.6% 
6.4% 
RoE 
Solvency ratio 
13.0% 
276% 
13.1% 
246% 
CET1 (IRB) 
22.3% 
22.1% 
 
 
 
MREL ratio (SRB 
target) 
7.0% 
(4.85%)  
7.98% 
(4.85%)  
 
 
 
S&P rating 
A- 
A- 
Notes 
1) 
Gross premiums life including branch 23 insurance premium income 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
As a credit institution, the Issuer’s core activities consist of attracting funds, offering loans (primarily mortgage 
loans to retail clients) and providing payment services.  
In addition, the Issuer offers fee income generating products: Argenta products (units in pension funds Arpe and 
Arpe Defensive, Argenta-Fund sicav, Argenta Portfolio sicav) as well as units in other collective investment 
institutions from third parties. 
The Issuer’s activities are concentrated on attracting funds through: 
 
In Belgium: 
• 
Current accounts. The Issuer offers the following current account: “Giro +” account. As from 
1 February 2021 the “Giro+”account shall be replaced by the packages, “Green-pakket”, 
“Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket“, “Basisbankdenst-pakket” and “Pro-pakket”. 
• 
Savings accounts. The Issuer offers the following regulated savings accounts in Belgium: the 
“Maxi” account and the “E-spaar”. The Issuer also offers the non-regulated registered savings 
Insurance pool 
Banking pool

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
account “Pro-Plus” which is exclusively reserved for legal persons, groups, legal structures or 
organisations without legal personality. Finally, the Issuer offers the regulated savings account 
“Growth” and the non-regulated saving account “Plus”, albeit not actively. 
• 
Term deposits and savings bonds (“non-subordinated term products”). The Issuer might offer 
term deposits. Furthermore, it holds a portfolio of savings bonds for which no new offering 
occurs. As a consequence, the saving bonds portfolio is in run-off. 
• 
Subordinated certificates. The Issuer offered subordinated certificates in the past, but has no 
plans for new offerings to retail clients. 
• 
Units in collective investment institutions (UCITS). In its capacity as a distributor, the Issuer 
sells units of various third party Belgian and foreign collective investment institutions in 
Belgium, including investment companies with a variable number of shares (bevek/sicav) and 
mutual investment funds. 
• 
Pension saving funds: the Issuer offers saving pension contracts, such as Arpe and Arpe 
defensive.  
• 
Structured securities. The Issuer has acted as a distributor of structured securities issued by third 
parties in the past. The Issuer has no plans to pursue the distribution of structured products at 
this moment. 
 
In the Netherlands: 
• 
Saving accounts: The Issuer offers the following savings accounts in the Netherlands: the 
“Internet Spaarrekening” and the “Jongeren Spaarrekening”. 
• 
Term deposits: The Issuer offers term deposits. 
 More than 90% of the Issuer’s funding is attracted from a diversified group of more than 1.78 million retail 
clients. 
In order to diversify funding further and to support future mortgage production, the Issuer decided to securitize 
Dutch mortgage loans. Recently, three Residential Mortgage-Backed Security (“RMBS”) transactions were 
concluded with the following details:  
- Green Apple 2017-I NHG  
Green Apple 2017-I NHG BV issued on 5 October 2017 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 1.2 billion (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2056 with a 
prepayment option from 17 March 2024 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2018-I NHG 
Green Apple 2018-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2018 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 1 billion (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2057 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2025 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2019-I NHG

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Green Apple 2019-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2019 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 825 million (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2058 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2026 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
The attracted funds are allocated by the Issuer through mortgage loans to primarily private customers and 
self-employed persons. These loans are intended for the purchase of a residence, a plot of land or residential 
renovation. In addition, the Issuer invests the attracted funds primarily in investment grade fixed-income securities 
of governments, financial institutions and other enterprises. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio of EUR 32.0 billion as of 30 June 2020 is covered by EUR 37.4 billion customer 
deposits, resulting in a solid loan to deposit ratio of 86%. 
Main geographical markets 
The geographical markets in which the Issuer actively markets to clients are Belgium and the Netherlands. The 
table below gives the split of total funding and loan origination between both countries:  
Loans and Receivables outstanding 
 
(€ billion) 
30 June 2020 
Belgium 
15.2 
48% 
The Netherlands 
16.8 
52% 
Total 
32.0 
100% 
 
Funding 
 
(€ billion) Belgium 
30 June 2020 
Current and savings deposits 
33 
88% 
Non-subordinated term products 
1.6 
4% 
Total Belgian deposits 
34.6 
92% 
 
 
 
(€ billion) Netherlands 
30 June 2020 
Current and savings deposits 
1.9 
5% 
Non-subordinated term products 
1.0 
3% 
Total Dutch deposits 
2.9 
8% 
Total deposits 
37.5 
100% 
Securitisation funding 
2.4 
 
EMTN 
1.0 
 
Subordinated debt 
0.5 
 
Total 
41.4 
 
 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer’s current rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) is A- (stable outlook) 
for the long-term rating and A-2 for the short-term rating.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Ratings are subject to change. Investors should look at https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/credit-
ratings.html for the most recent rating and for the underlying full analysis provided by Standard & Poor’s 
to understand the meaning of the rating. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies published on the ESMA’s website (http://esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
The description of the rating can be found on the website of Standard & Poor’s. No information from such website 
is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or forms part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not take any 
responsibility for the information contained in such website. 
Performance 
Despite the continued pressure on net interest income in a low interest rate environment, the Issuer has been able 
to realise strong results over the recent periods. 
The Issuer’s balance sheet grew further in the first half of 2020. Total funding increased by EUR 1.5 billion in 
Belgium and the Netherlands in 2020, mainly due to the further increase in the Belgian current and saving deposits, 
and the issuance of senior non preferred fixed rate notes for a principal amount of EUR 500 million with an interest 
rate of 1.000% per annum. 
Loan portfolio 
Since 2016 the Issuer’s balance sheet grew with a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 6.3%, and despite 
the difficult times as a result of COVID-19 the portfolio of loans to customers still increased in the first half of 
2020, by EUR 0.2 billion, as a result of new production in mortgage loans. The gross mortgage production in the 
first half of 2020 amounted to EUR 1.1 billion in the Netherlands and EUR 0.8 billion in Belgium for both 
countries at a margin of 1.70%.  
Additionally, the portfolio remained of very good quality: about 90% of the total amount outstanding of the 
mortgage portfolio has a ‘Loan to Value’ (“LTV”) of less than 90% or has a Dutch State guarantee (the so called 
“NHG Guarantee”). The average LTV on the total loan portfolio as at 30 June 2020 was 62%. 
The Issuer continues to adopt a conservative loan acceptance policy. Although the total loan loss reserve, including 
stage 1 and stage 2 provisions for performing loans and specific provisions for non-performing loans, increased 
from EUR 28.4 million on 31 December 2019 to EUR 42.9 million on 30 June 2020, the underlying increase apart 
from COVID-19 impairments is limited. Indeed, from the EUR 14.6 million increase, EUR 11.9 million is related 
to COVID-19. All in all, even this amount is very limited relative to the Issuer’s total portfolio, shown by a cost 
of risk excluding COVID-19 impact of 0.01% as at 30 June 2020 (0.06% including COVID-19 impact). 
The NPL ratio of the mortgage portfolio in the Netherlands remained very low, at 0.5% as of 30 June 2020. The 
Issuer’s NPL ratio in Belgium remained very low as well, at 0.4% in the first half of 2020.  
The Issuer reported an average coverage ratio of 8.6% on 30 June 2020 evidencing the high quality of prime 
mortgage collateral. 
(Re)investment portfolio 
The below data is presented on a half yearly basis. The below graph provides an overview of the unrealised gains 
divided into loans and receivables (“L&R”) (IAS 39), at fair value through other comprehensive income (“OCI”) 
and at amortised cost (IFRS 9). The below data is presented on a half yearly basis.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
At 30 June 2020, 98% of the investment portfolio (EUR 8.3 billion excluding cash) was investment grade, 34% 
of the portfolio was rated AA and above, 92% of the portfolio was invested in the European Economic Area and 
investments were exclusively in euros, so no foreign exchange risk existed. The unrealised capital gains were 
EUR 165 million at 30 June 2020. The Issuer continues to work on diversification in terms of loans to local 
governments, corporates and PPP (public private partnerships). 
At 30 June 2020, the investment portfolio increased and a shift was made from cash to higher yielding corporate 
bonds. Securitisation proceeds are reinvested in highly liquid assets to support the liquidity position and enable 
further mortgage loan growth.  
Net Interest Income, Net Interest Margin and net profit  
The following graph provides an overview of the Net Interest Income (“NII”) and the Net Interest Margin 
(“NIM”) on a half yearly basis. 
  
7
6
-1
-1
269
234
193
188
111
75
107
107
108
23
19
13
10
48
27
89
82
57
298
259
205
198
159
102
196
189
165
1H16
2H16
1H17
2H17
1H18
2H18
1H19
2H19
1H20
Unrealized gains (mEUR)
L&R
at fair value through OCI
at amortized cost

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
The NII for the six months ended 30 June 2020 amounted to EUR 287 million, up from EUR 276 million for the 
six months ended 30 June 2019 (corrected for the mark-to-market impact of hedge derivatives). Despite the low 
interest rate environment, the NIM remained fairly stable at 1.31% compared to the second half of 2019 which 
was 1.29%. Pressure on new mortgage loan pricing and lower reinvestment yields in the investment portfolio were 
compensated by lower interest expenses as more expensive retail term deposits matured. Funding cost for Belgian 
retail funding is highly determined by the legal floor (being 0.11% for regulated saving accounts), but 
diversification of funding sources to wholesale funding with EUR 3.9 billion outstanding supported the 
improvement of the net interest result. 
The below graph provides an overview of the asset management income divided into transaction fees and 
management fees, on a half yearly basis. The percentage represents the net fee/operating income9.  
 
The below graph provides an overview of the growth in assets under custody, on a half yearly basis. 
                                                     
9  
Excluding commissions to agents. 
290
289
254
241
265
266
276
276
287
1,67% 1,61%
1,39%
1,30%
1,38% 1,35%
1,26% 1,29% 1,31%
1H16 2H16 1H17 2H17 1H18 2H18 1H19 2H19 1H20
Net interest result (mEur / %)
28
29
34
38
41
43
46
55
60
5
6
10
7
8
5
3
6
11
34
35
43
45
49
48
49
61
71
5,6%
5,2%
11,8% 13,8% 13,5% 13,2% 12,0% 14,4% 16,3%
1H16
2H16
1H17
2H17
1H18
2H18
1H19
2H19
1H20
Asset Management income (mEUR)
Management fees
Transaction fees
Net fees in operating income

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
Investments in funds are promoted in order to diversify the returns and the product offer for clients. Clients’ 
interest for these products has risen. The portfolio grew by 14% year-on-year between 30 June 2019 and 30 June 
2020, from EUR 7.1 billion to EUR 8.1 billion. Net income from those funds increased to EUR 71 million, due 
to higher management fees and higher volumes. The Issuer reached the milestone of EUR 6 billion of own 
managed Argenta house funds during the first half of 2020. 
In the first half of 2020, the Issuer continued heavy investments in digital and new core banking systems and in 
the professionalisation of services, while also accelerating its cost containment efforts. This resulted in operating 
expenses and payroll costs (excluding acquisition costs and bank levies, corrected for intercompany cost sharing) 
decreasing from EUR 150 million (for the first half of 2019) to EUR 143 million (for the first half of 2020).  
These lower costs also influenced the Cost/Income Ratio, which fell from 75% for the six months ended 30 June 
2019 to 63% for the six months ended 30 June 2020. When excluding the impact of bank levies such percentages 
were respectively 60% and 49%.  
As can be seen in the graph below, net result was EUR 18 million higher year-on-year which is an increase of 
86%, mainly due to maturing expensive term deposits, a strong growth in fee income from asset management and 
because of the exceptional negative result on derivatives in the first half of 2019. Adjusted for IFRIC 2110, the net 
profit amounted to EUR 67 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
                                                     
10  
Adjusted for IFRIC 21 (full year bank levies are not recognised as at 1 January, but linearly spread over the accounting year) 
3,5
4,0
4,6
5,1
5,4
5,0
5,9
6,7
7,0
1,8
1,6
1,5
1,4
1,4
1,2
1,2
1,2
1,1
5,4
5,6
6,1
6,5
6,8
6,3
7,1
7,9
8,1
1H16 2H16 1H17 2H17 1H18 2H18 1H19 2H19 1H20
Assets under management (bnEUR)
Investment funds
Other

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
Strategic vision and targets 
The Issuer offers simple and transparent products. The long-term relationship with tied agents with a focus on 
relationships and proximity has so far delivered a stable client base during the COVID-19 crisis. Starting from 
these values, the Issuer’s emphasis for the coming years will be on: 
• 
Increased digitalisation 
• 
Reinforce distribution by further increasing the first banking relationship and cross-selling 
• 
Better understand client needs and accelerate the move from product to client approach, 
including financial planning 
• 
Educational programs and quality certification for tied agents 
• 
Income diversification 
• 
More sophisticated advice to affluent clients 
• 
Reinforced cost containment efforts. 
The following table presents certain of the Issuer’s key long-term targets. These targets are not forecasts or 
predictions of future performance. These targets are based on levels of performance that management believe are 
reasonable and achievable. They may be amended at any time. Actual performance is subject to many factors, 
including general economic and other factors which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including those set out in 
“Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that such targets will be 
met, and meeting or exceeding the targets in any financial period does not mean that such targets will be met in 
future periods. Failure to meet any of these financial targets on a continuing basis may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Issuer’s quantitative targets 
Target 
As of 30 June 
2020 
As of 
31 December 2019 
Return on Equity 
>7% 
6.4%1 
5.8% 
CET1 ratio 
>18%  
22.1%2 
24.8% 
Total Capital ratio 
>20% 
27.5%2 
30.8% 
Leverage ratio 
>4% 
4.4%2 
4.6% 
37
84
44
81
16
94
38
17
1
2
3
5
2
0
54
85
46
84
21
96
39
1H17
2H17
1H18
2H18
1H19
2H19
1H20
Net result (mEUR) and RoE (%)
core net result
capital gain/loss AFS/OCI
7.5%
6.8%
5.8%
6.4%

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Issuer’s quantitative targets 
Target 
As of 30 June 
2020 
As of 
31 December 2019 
Net Stable Funding Ratio 
>120% 
135% 
136% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
>125% 
156% 
172% 
Cost/Income Ratio 
60% 
63%1 
69% 
Net Interest Margin (NIM) 
>1.35% 
1.31% 
1.29% 
 
 
Notes 
1) 
Adjusted for IFRIC 21” 
2) 
Including reservation of dividend for 1H 2020 following ECB recommendation (no pay out) 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
Professional and comprehensive risk management are an essential prerequisite for sustainable, profitable growth. 
The Argenta Group recognises this and views risk management as one of its core activities.  
The risk management framework is constantly updated and adjusted on the basis of new regulations, daily 
experiences and changes in Argenta Group’s activities, including changes resulting from sustainable choices made 
by Argenta Group entities (and which always tie in with Argenta Group’s activities as a bank-insurer). 
Demonstrating that adequate risk management procedures are in place is a key condition for acquiring and 
retaining the trust of all stakeholders: customers, investors, branch managers (tied agents), supervisory authorities 
and rating agencies, as well as directors, managers and employees. 
Risk management consists of managing risks, comprising the cycle of identifying, evaluating, managing and 
monitoring risks to which the Argenta Group or one of the Argenta Group entities can be exposed. This risk 
management is based on: 
(a) a clearly described management strategy that is consistent with the overall corporate strategy of the 
Argenta Group (including the Issuer). The objectives and fundamentals of that strategy, the approved 
risk tolerance limits and the division of responsibilities between all the activities of the Argenta Group 
are established in charters and related documents; 
(b) a Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) that is strongly embedded in the business plan process cycle: filling 
in the risk appetite matrix, translation into proactive RAF targets, testing against the business plan 
iterations and, finally, risk assessment.  
(c) a direct link that exists between the RAF risk indicators and, on the one hand, the International Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and the International Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Process (“ILAAP”) for the Issuer and, on the other hand, the policy documents via the further translation 
into operational risk limits; 
(d) a well-defined procedure for the decision-making process, including a hierarchy of limits and an 
escalation framework; 
(e) written policies that effectively describe and classify by category the material risks to which the Argenta 
Group is exposed, and which specify the approved risk tolerance limits for each risk category. These 
policies implement Argenta Group’s risk strategy, provide for control mechanisms and take into account 
the nature, scope and timing of the business activities, as well as the associated risks; 
(f) reporting procedures and processes that ensure that the information on the risks to which Argenta Group 
(or any of its entities) is exposed and the effectiveness of the risk management system are actively 
monitored and analysed, and that appropriate changes are made to the system if necessary. This also 
includes processes (e.g. RAF - reporting and specific dashboards) for establishing any deterioration of

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
the financial and non-financial risk conditions and for informing the relevant stakeholders, including the 
regulator, immediately when such a deterioration occurs; and 
(g) co-ordination between the independent control functions Compliance, Risk Management, Actuarial 
function and Internal Audit, which are centrally organised at Argenta Group level. 
Governance 
The strategy and long-term policy of all entities within the Argenta Group are determined by the executive 
committee and board of directors of the Parent. The two main subsidiaries, the Issuer and its sister entity Aras, 
are responsible for the operational management within their own areas of competence as established in the 
Memorandum of Internal Governance.  
The executive committees of the Issuer, Aras and the Parent are integrated, with a number of members in common: 
the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The 
Chief Operating Officer (COO), Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) and Chief Information Officer (CIO) work for 
both the Issuer and Aras, but not for the Parent.  
This unity of management highlights the importance of a commercial, risk and financial strategy that is 
harmonised group-wide, with an emphasis on the long-term relationship with both customers and the 
self-employed branch managers.  
Group risk management takes place, in addition to the independent Internal Audit, Actuarial and Compliance 
control functions, mainly at Argenta Group level. The risk management function supervises and controls the first 
line in respect of risk management and provides supporting risk advice. This function is performed by the Risk & 
Validation department and the NFRM&SO (Non Financial Risk Management & Supervisory Office) department 
under the hierarchical responsibility and supervision of the CRO. Along with second-line control, risk model 
validation is one of the core activities of the Risk & Validation department. 
Relevant risk management bodies and control functions are:  
(a) The Group Risk Committee (“GRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the various 
identified risks. The Group Risk Committee deals monthly with a number of themes, e.g. capital risk, 
model risk, non-financial risks, to achieve better coordination, monitoring, follow-up, awareness-raising, 
adjustment and policy preparation at the various risk levels; 
(b) The Asset & Liability Committee (“Alco”) is responsible for monitoring and managing the risks (interest, 
liquidity and investment portfolio) that impact the current and future profits and capital position with the 
exception of insurance risks which are managed by the Insurance Risk Committee; 
(c) Alco is assisted by the Investment Committee (“IO”) and the Rating Committee (“RO”); 
(d) The Insurance Risk Committee (“VRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the 
underwriting risks; 
(e) The Credit Risk Committee (“Kreco”) is a consultative body with decision-making authority on all 
aspects of credit risk policy regarding retail credits, i.e. credit risk analysis & control, quantification 
(including the embedding of the probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure 
at default (“EAD”) internal models) and reporting on this; 
(f) Pricing Committees (“Prico”) are responsible for the pricing of retail asset and liabilities products, the 
monitoring of the production objectives and the evolution of the commercial environment; and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(g) The Product Committee (“Proco”) monitors the implementation of the Product Approval and Review 
Process (“PARP”). 
Argenta Group operates as a bank-insurer and asset manager. As such it is exposed to various risks. The group 
risk management distinguishes between credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, subscription risk, operational risk 
and other risks. The risk management policy and attendant organisational structure are designed to ensure that the 
identified risks are always properly identified, analysed, measured, monitored and managed. For an overview of 
such risks, Noteholders are invited to consult the Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk management 
Liquidity risk is the risk of loss, or of an adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect 
consequence of insufficient liquidity being available to meet financial obligations. This may be the result of: 
(a) an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. a loan default; 
(b) the risk, in the Bank Pool, of a greater portion of credit lines being drawn down or more savings deposits 
being withdrawn; 
(c) the risk, in the Insurance Pool, that payment obligations increase owing to a rising number of claim 
events, or early retirements or surrenders, as a result of which Aras is unable to meet its payment 
obligations; 
(d) the risk that the necessary financing transactions cannot be undertaken (or can be undertaken only at 
disadvantageous conditions); and 
(e) the risk that assets can be liquidated only at a severe mark-down, owing to a shortage of interested 
counterparties on the market. 
The liquidity management and the liquidity risk management of the Bank Pool are centralised at the Issuer. 
The Asset and Liability Committee (“Alco”) monitors the liquidity indicators on a permanent basis. The 
management framework is clearly defined and detailed in the financial policy. First-line responsibility for the 
measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting of the liquidity risk lies with the Asset and Liability Management 
(“ALM”) department. The second-line responsibility lies with the Risk department. The management of the 
liquidity position falls under the authority of the Treasury department. 
For measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting on the liquidity risk, the Issuer has a specially adapted 
management information system (“MIS”), including a contingency plan, in order to be able to adequately manage 
its liquidity in both normal and exceptional circumstances. In addition to the extensive regulatory reporting, 
extensive internal reporting has also been developed. In this way, management and stakeholders are aware of the 
evolving situation. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of additional Early Warning Indicators (“EWIs”), operational 
limits or flashing lights, and the organisation of stress tests are included in the Liquidity Contingency Plan. Daily 
funding reports are distributed to a broad target group within the Issuer. 
The liquidity risk appetite is managed in the Issuer’s RAF by flashing light levels on three risk indicators, namely: 
(a) The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) tests the liquidity buffer against a pre-defined net outflow of 
financial liabilities over a 30 day period; 
(b) The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) compares available liquidity against required liquidity over at 
least one year; and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(c) The Asset Encumbrance Ratio (“AER”) compares the amount of unencumbered assets with the volume 
of protected deposits; 
In addition to the aforementioned RAF indicators, further EWIs, operational limits and flashing lights have been 
defined internally. 
In 2015, the NBB established minimum thresholds, the height of which is a function of the importance of protected 
deposits within a bank’s overall funding structure. As a category 2 bank, the Issuer is required to respect a 
minimum threshold of 90% (recovery plan) and 95% (flashing light) (total balance sheet Aspa solo/DGS eligible 
deposits) within the strict application of the AER. 
As of 30 June 2020, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 156%, and its NSFR was 135%.  
The Issuer’s AER within the strict application is at 106.0% and at 113.60% within the broader application at 
30 June 2020. The AER is only monitored on a non-consolidated basis. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of EWIs, and the organisation of stress tests are described in the 
Liquidity Contingency Plan. 
Daily reports on the funding situation are distributed to a wide target audience, including all members of the 
Executive Committee. Discussion on the liquidity indicators is a fixed agenda item for the monthly Alco meeting. 
Overall, senior management is involved in liquidity management on a continuous basis. 
Market risk management 
Interest rate risk  
The principal market risk is the Issuer’s interest rate risk, which primarily results from changes in market prices 
on investments and liabilities, unexpected changes in investment yields and changes in the correlation between 
the interest rates of various financial instruments. 
As a financial services group headed by a mixed financial holding, both the earnings and the capital position of 
the Argenta Group are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks. Interest rate fluctuations affect the return 
that the Argenta Group earns on fixed interest investments, and can also affect the value of the Argenta Group’s 
investment portfolio. The professional management of these market risks (considering the specific strategic 
positioning of the Issuer as a savings bank), is mainly geared towards the judicious management of interest rate 
risk as the principal component of market risk. 
The Alco is responsible for monitoring the interest rate risk. It carries specific responsibilities for monitoring the 
daily management of the financial position, on which it reports to the Executive Committee. It has a permanent 
remit to maintain both the income sensitivity of the Net Interest Income and the market-value sensitivity of equity 
within set limits. 
In its risk measurement and management, the Alco takes into account the various components of the interest rate 
risk contained in the balance sheet of the Issuer. These include the repricing risk (risk from interest rate mismatch 
between assets and liabilities), the yield curve risk (risk from non-parallel movement of the interest rate curve), 
the option risk (risk from the implicit and explicit options on the balance sheet) and the basic risk (risk arising 
from the use of various reference indexes on the basis of which the asset and liabilities products are repriced). 
This option risk set out above includes both the risk deriving from explicit options (interest rate caps, swaptions 
and interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk) and implicit options (related to the mortgage loan portfolio). 
In the ALM department these risks are monitored and managed by means of scenario analysis.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
In order to keep market sensitivity within the risk appetite approved by the Board of Directors for the Issuer and 
within the legal limits, endogenous and exogenous, ALM hedges are concluded. In endogenous hedging, the 
control is exercised via the duration of the asset and liability balance sheet items. Exogenous hedging involves 
using derivative instruments to manage the interest rate risk. This exogenous hedging serves to supplement the 
permanent aim of a maximally endogenous management of the balance sheet. The combination of endogenous 
and additional exogenous ALM hedging ensures that the Issuer’s commercial strategy fits entirely within the 
approved RAF. 
For strategic reasons, the Argenta Group intends to diversify its dependence on interest income and interest rate 
trends. For this reason, a greater emphasis is placed on fee business, particularly the sale of off-balance sheet 
products, where the financial risk is borne by the client. The addition of fee business (or “Investments”) as a key 
market sector, alongside “Savings and payments”, “Loans” and “Insurance”, diversifies the Issuer’s income and 
improves its earnings quality. 
Spread widening risk 
The return on the investment portfolio is largely determined by the credit spread earned on the investments made. 
The evolution and fluctuations of the credit spread are often market driven and determined by factors other than 
those relating to the creditworthiness of the Issuer. These market risk factors induce spread widening risk.  
Alongside the pure interest rate, they are the main driver of asset returns and the economic value of the investment 
portfolio.  
The pursuit of a cautious investment policy, frequent monitoring of the fluctuations in the economic value of the 
investment portfolio and measuring the sensitivity of changes in credit spreads are therefore important pillars of 
healthy portfolio management.  
The conduct of a sound investment policy is guided by a strict investment framework that determines, based on 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the permissible investment level and maximum maturity. This investment policy 
is shaped by a thorough analysis of the credit sectors and investment files and an active screening of market 
opportunities.  
The evolution of the market value of the investment portfolio is monitored in the Alco. Credit spread sensitivity 
is calculated and monitored in the ICAAP and Own Risk & Solvency Assessment Process (“ORSA”) framework 
and the credit quality of the investments is checked against asset quality limits defined in the RAF. 
Equity risk 
From a strategic allocation perspective, equities complement the existing bond and loan portfolios and are 
intended to optimise the risk return profile of the portfolio. Within the investment framework and subject to 
compliance with strict investment criteria, the Issuer has the possibility to take equity positions into its investment 
portfolio. The equity portfolio of the Issuer at 30 June 2020 was immaterial relative to the Issuer’s own funds and 
balance sheet total. 
Property risk 
The evolution of real estate prices has an influence on lending to individuals and also influences the credit risk 
through the giving of property as collateral. As a mortgage provider, the Issuer owns a concentration in lending 
to private individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands, more particularly in the form of retail mortgage lending. 
This makes the Issuer dependent on developments in the housing market.  
In addition, the investment framework allows a portfolio of indirect investment properties to be maintained. These 
are not investments in buildings but loans to counterparties operating in real estate, within the context of a cautious 
credit policy. Within this limited framework, loans are granted to real estate counterparties.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
These real estate investments are managed within a rigorous risk management framework, including limits on 
investment types and concentration.  
Currency risk 
Argenta Group only operates in the Benelux countries, holding investments that are exclusively denominated in 
euro, which explains the absence of currency risk. There is no intention to take positions in currencies other than 
euro in the near future. 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect consequence of 
a decline in the creditworthiness of issuers (or guarantors) of securities, of counterparties and of debtors. 
This risk arises in both traditional lending and in investment activities (other interest-bearing assets). It is linked 
to a large part to the Issuer’s activities.  
For the Issuer, there are essentially three segments of importance for credit risk: (i) the retail market and in 
particular the retail mortgage lending market (in both Belgium and the Netherlands), (ii) the investment portfolio, 
and (iii) the portfolio of loans to local and regional authorities and (selectively) to corporates. Credit risk 
management is therefore focused on these three segments. 
In the retail segment, the Issuer’s target group consists of individuals, families, self-employed persons and 
professionals having their usual place of residence in Belgium or the Netherlands and wishing to take out loans 
for mainly non-professional purposes. 
The most important elements of risk management are the Acceptance and Authorisation Framework for granting 
of loans, including set limits for creditworthiness, monitoring procedures and a monthly follow-up of the credit 
risk indicators. 
This governance is supported by the operation of the Retail Credit Risk Committee, reporting to the executive 
committee and to the Risk Committee of the board of directors. 
The non-retail investment framework focuses on strong counterparty quality, with a focus on diversification into 
investments in companies, in indirect real estate and in positions in securities issued by or loans to local authorities 
and public sector entities. 
The application and practical implementation of the investment policy is also supported by the Investment 
Committee, in which representatives of the Executive Committee (in the case of escalation), Treasury and 
Investment Management and the Credit Risk Analysis department in the first line, and Risk in the second line, 
discuss and decide on investment issues. 
The internal investment framework establishes which bonds and which ratings may be considered for investment. 
The ratings of all fixed-income securities are then systematically monitored. If, after purchase, the rating of a bond 
drops below the set minimum rating requirement, the bonds concerned will be discussed again by the Alco and 
the RO. The Alco, and consequently the Issuer’s Executive Committee, must then make an explicit judgment on 
whether or not to maintain the position. The positions maintained are also reported to the Risk Committee of the 
board of directors. 
The Issuer has opted, for its mortgage lending, subject to non-material exceptions, and for banking and corporate 
counterparties, to use internal ratings and to calculate its own capital requirements using the Internal Ratings 
Based (Foundation) method (“IRB(F) method”). This means that a risk category is assigned to each loan when 
granted. To this end, the bank has, where applicable, itself developed models. A distinction is made between 
models for the probability of default (“PD”) and the loss given default (“LGD”). For the retail credit portfolios,

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
for which an internal rating based system has been selected, both a PD model and an LGD model have been 
developed. Every month, the PD and LGD models are applied to the total mortgage loan portfolio in order to 
calculate the capital requirement for unforeseen losses. For banking and corporate counterparties, this is a 
Foundation Internal Ratings Based (“FIRB”) approach, where only a PD model has been developed.  
Non-financial risk management 
All businesses carrying out activities of any kind have to contend with non-financial risks. Financial institutions 
and groups, such as the Argenta Group, are no exception.  
Argenta Group’s activities depend on the ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, 
accurately and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Non-financial risks 
and losses result from inadequate or failed internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal 
requirements), human actions (including fraud and employee errors) and systems (such as system failure) or due 
to external events (such as natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including those of the Argenta 
Group’s suppliers or counterparties). The impact may consist of financial or reputational loss.  
The fairly limited number of products and services of the Issuer and Aras allows the non-financial risks to be kept 
limited. Although Argenta Group has taken measures to control the risks and limit any losses, as well as 
earmarking substantial funds for the development of efficient procedures and staff training, it is impossible to 
implement procedures that allow Argenta Group to exclude all these non-financial risks in a completely effective 
manner. Within the overall RAF these risks too are managed in a structured way.  
The risk appetite and risk appetite statements for non-financial risks with risk limits is an integral part of the Non-
Financial Risk Management (“NFRM”) policy (including the calculation of capital requirement for operational 
risks, with complementary scenario analyses performed here). 
The quarterly reporting on non-financial risks includes at least the following elements:  
Operational incidents occurring and producing financial and/or reputational loss are recorded in an incident & 
loss database (Pentana), classified by department, sub-domain, activity, Basel risk category and cause. 
Non financial risks are moreover actively tracked using a set of “Risk Profiles” based on the risk cartography 
(containing 13 NFR risk types) and additional “Key Risk Indicators”, which are evaluated quarterly at the Group 
Risk Committee Non Financial Risk (“GRC NFR”) and (gradually) included in the RAF reporting. In accordance 
with Argenta’s Governance Memorandum and Policy on Non Financial Risks, these risks are reported to and 
discussed at the GRC NFR, the ExCom and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 
At least once a year each department within the Argenta Group formally evaluates its internal control maturity 
(“COSO evaluation”). The maturity score is obtained by completing the COSO questionnaire (supported by 
requested supporting documents). COSO is the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission. The questionnaire is based on the international COSO framework and asks questions about the 
various COSO components, including control environment, risk management and control measures. This COSO 
maturity score also forms the basis for one of the qualitative RAF limits.  
In addition, every year a scenario analysis is done, where Executive Committee members define general business-
wide scenarios that can have a major impact on the entities of the Argenta Group. These scenarios are used for 
the calculation of capital under ICAAP and ORSA. 
Management of other risks 
The risks of Argenta Group for which no capital requirement is calculated, are classified in the “other” risks 
category. These include, for example, the following risks: strategic risk, reputational risk and regulatory risk. The 
risk cartography is submitted annually to the Risk Committee of the board of directors. The risks are assessed

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
during workshops with the executive committee and the management teams. The risks arising from these 
assessments are always included in other defined risks, or are sufficiently mitigated by means of processes, as a 
result of which no additional risk capital needs to be created in respect of them. For the Issuer, capital is set aside 
for business risk under ICAAP. 
Strategic risk 
Strategic risk is the risk of loss or of adverse change in the financial situation as a direct or indirect result of 
business decisions, implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changing market conditions (both 
commercial and financial).  
Argenta Group makes resources available for achieving the strategic objectives as defined in the business strategy. 
These resources include communication channels, systems, human resources, networks, and management time 
and skills. The strategic goals are defined by the executive committee, approved by the board of directors, and 
monitored on a regular basis.  
The ultimate fulfilment of the business strategy depends on the adequacy of the resources made available and on 
the way these resources are used. 
Reputational risk 
Argenta Group is constantly exposed to the risk of loss or of adverse change in its financial situation resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from changes in its reputation or standing caused by an altered perception of its image by 
its various stakeholders (including customers, counterparties, shareholders and regulators).  
Regulatory risk 
The regulatory risk is the risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect result of 
future legislative or regulatory changes. Wherever it operates, the Argenta Group and its entities are subject to the 
laws, regulations, administrative measures and policy regulations governing the provision of financial services.  
Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the activities, products and services that the 
entities of the Argenta Group offer or the value of its assets. Although the entities of the Argenta Group work in 
close dialogue with the regulators and continuously monitor the situation and future changes to the regulations, 
policy here can be unpredictable. 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Introduction 
The Belgian Banking Law puts a lot of emphasis on a solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions, and 
introduces a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees within the board of 
directors (audit committee, risk committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee), independent 
control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the 
form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
The Belgian Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which 
is within the competence of the executive committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of 
the credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the board of directors. In accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law, the Issuer has an executive committee of which each member is also a member of the board 
of directors. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law, the members of the executive committee and the board of directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further elaborated

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
by the NBB in a Circular of 18 September 2018 (Circular NBB_2018_25 / Suitability of directors, members of 
the management committee, responsible persons of independent control functions and senior managers of 
financial institutions). On 2 October 2018, the NBB published a new “Fit & Proper” circular and “Handbook” 
applicable to financial institutions under its supervision, replacing the existing circular letter 2013_02 as from that 
day. 
Although it is incumbent first and foremost upon the financial institutions themselves to select and retain the right 
people, the suitability assessment is part of the prudential supervision carried out by the NBB and, where 
applicable, the ECB. 
Board of directors 
The boards of directors of the companies of the Argenta Group have similar structures. They include in each case: 
− 
the members of the executive committee of the company concerned (the executive directors); 
− 
a number of independent directors; and 
− 
a number of directors representing the family shareholder (together with the independent directors, the 
non-executive directors). 
The number of directors for each board of directors should, preferably, not exceed fifteen. 
Members of the board of directors must be natural persons. 
In principle, directors’ mandates are for six years and are renewable. The following age limits apply to directors: 
− 
executive directors are legally required to resign on reaching the age of 65; 
− 
non-executive directors resign automatically on reaching the age of 70 years; 
− 
directors reaching the age limits may continue to exercise their mandates until a successor is appointed. 
The board of directors are composed in such a way that none of the three groups (the directors representing the 
family shareholder, the independent directors and directors who are members of the Executive Committee) are in 
the majority, whereas the non-executive directors (being the directors representing the family shareholder together 
with the independent directors) are in the majority. 
The independent directors are appointed in view of attracting competences in the core activities of the Argenta 
Group, being banking and insurance. Independent directors must demonstrate extensive experience in at least one 
of these core areas, in the course of former or current employment. They must meet all the requirements as 
stipulated in Article 7:87, §1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen 
en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations).  
The boards of directors of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras have a number of independent directors. At least one 
independent director of the Issuer is not a director in Aras, and likewise. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Issuer consists of 13 directors, as listed below: 
 
Name 
 
 
Function 
 
 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External 
mandates 
(outside 
the 
Issuer)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Marc van Heel  
Chairman 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2023 
Chairman of the Parent; and 
Chairman of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Anne Leclercq 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2025 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Fluxys Belgium NV;  
Director of WDP NV; 
Director KULeuven-UZ Leuven; and 
Director Plexus VZW. 
Bart Van 
Rompuy 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2022 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Investar NV; and 
Director of the Parent. 
Baudouin 
Thomas 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Manager of BTH Consulting BV;  
Director 
Reimagine 
CV 
(as 
permanent 
representative of BTH Consulting BV); and 
Director Start it@KBC VZW. 
Raf 
Vanderstichele 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of the Parent;  
Manager of Korora BV; and 
Director of Nemrod NV. 
Carlo Henriksen 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2023 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Donorinfo, public utility foundation; 
and 
Director of Cofena VZW. 
Cynthia Van 
Hulle 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2021 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Argenta Coöperatieve CV;  
Director of WDP NV; and 
Director of Miko NV. 
Marie-Anne 
Haegeman 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2025 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Euroclear Bank NV.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Marc Lauwers 
Executive 
director  
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2022 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Chairman of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
Geert Ameloot 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2022 
Director of the Parent; and 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Gert Wauters 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2022 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
Inge Ampe 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Ann Brands 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2022 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
The business address for the members of the board of directors is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium. 
Executive committee 
The executive committee of the Parent stipulates the limits within which the various companies of the Argenta 
Group can operate and exercise their responsibilities. 
The executive committee of the Parent consists of a Chairman of the Executive Committee (CEO), a Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) and a Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The executive committee of the Issuer currently consists 
of a Chairman of the Executive committee (CEO), a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Risk Officer, a Chief 
Operations Officer (COO) and a Chief Commercial Officer (CCO). These five members are also part of, and 
exercise the same functions in, the executive committee of Aras. Policy decisions related to corporate social 
responsibility (including economic, environmental and social impact) are monitored directly by the CEO. A new 
Chief Information Officer (CIO) will be appointed and become a member of the Executive Committee.  
The executive committees of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras are composed of executive directors with considerable 
banking and/or insurance experience, or a considerable training and/or experience in relation to bank management, 
as well as management skills. 
The Issuer’s executive committee consists of the following members: 
 
Marc Lauwers, CEO; 
Geert Ameloot, CFO; 
Gert Wauters, CRO; 
Inge Ampe, CCO; and 
Ann Brands, COO. 
The business address for the members of the Executive Committee is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Audit and risk committees 
Argenta Group has separate audit and risk committees within the respective boards of directors of the Issuer and 
Aras. At the Issuer, both committees are chaired by an independent non-executive director not belonging to the 
board of directors of Aras.  
The group level control functions of the Parent are overseen by the Issuer’s Audit Committee and Risk Committee 
set up within its board of directors. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s audit committee consists of the following members: 
 
Raf Vanderstichele (chairman); 
Anne Leclercq; and 
Baudouin Thomas. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s risk committee consists of the following members: 
 
Carlo Henriksen (chairman); 
Bart Van Rompuy; 
Raf Vanderstichele; 
Marc van Heel; and 
Baudouin Thomas. 
Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee 
One Remuneration committee and one Nomination committee are active within the Argenta Group. These are set 
up within the board of directors of Argenta Group. Based on a waiver granted by the supervisory authority, they 
operate at group level. No separate nomination committees have been set up within the boards of directors of 
either the Issuer or Aras. 
The Remuneration Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and advises on the remuneration 
policy of the members of the board of directors, of those employees whose professional activities can have a 
material impact on the Argenta Group (the “identified staff”) and on that of all other employees of the Argenta 
Group. It monitors the evolution of compensation within the Argenta Group, ensures that the remuneration policy 
promotes a solid risk culture and makes general recommendations to the board of directors. For this, it also 
examines annually whether the remuneration of the employees and staff within the Argenta Group is in line with 
the remuneration policy. 
The Nominations Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and is tasked with assisting the boards 
of directors of the different companies of the Argenta Group, advising them on assuming their responsibilities and 
on taking the necessary decisions with regard to the composition, structure and functioning of the board and of 
the executive committee. For this, the Nominations Committee examines the performance of the Boards of 
directors and of the executive committees of the companies of the Argenta Group, as well as the performance of 
the individual members, and prepares the succession planning in the two bodies. 
The Group Supervisory Committee 
The Argenta Group has a Group Supervisory Committee at the level of the Parent. The committee is chaired by 
Baudouin Thomas.  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group Supervisory Committee consists of the following members:

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Baudouin Thomas (chairman); 
Marc van Heel; and 
Bart Van Rompuy. 
Banking Supervision 
Introduction 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) 
with regard to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
Supervision and regulatory framework 
The regulatory framework relevant to the Issuer includes: 
− 
The prudential requirements under Basel III, which have been implemented in the EU through 
the adoption of Regulation (EC) nr. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (“CRR”) 
and Directive 2013/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (“CRD”, and together with the CRR, “CRD IV”).  
− 
Regulation (EC) nr. 1024/2013 of the Council of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on 
the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (“Single 
Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”) conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies 
relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions. Under the SSM, the ECB has 
assumed certain supervisory responsibilities in relation to the Issuer, which were previously 
handled by the NBB. The ECB may interpret the applicable banking regulations, or exercise 
discretions given to the regulator under the applicable banking regulations, in a different manner 
than the NBB. 
− 
Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and 
the Council (“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” or “SRMR”). The Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit 
institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB (i.e., including the Issuer). The SRMR 
has established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) which, since 1 January 2016, is the authority 
in charge of vetting resolution plans and carrying out the resolution of a credit institution that is 
failing or likely to fail. The Single Resolution Board will act in close cooperation with the 
European Commission, the European Central Bank and the national resolution authorities 
(including the resolution college of the NBB within the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 
22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National Bank of Belgium). The Single 
Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 together with the resolution college of the NBB (where 
applicable) and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the 
bail-in power from time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European 
Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation) is hereinafter referred to as the “Relevant Resolution Authority”. Moreover, the 
SRMR established a Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) which will be built up with contributions 
of the banking sector to provide funding support for the resolution of credit institutions. The

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
overall aim of the SRMR is to ensure an orderly resolution of failing banks with minimal costs 
to taxpayers and the real economy. 
− 
Directive 2014/59/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (“BRRD”), implemented in Belgian law through the Belgian Banking Law. 
The aim of the BRRD is to provide supervisory and resolution authorities with common tools 
and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and 
minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
− 
Furthermore, changes are also being made to the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee announced a final agreement on the finalisation of Basel III 
(commonly referred to as Basel IV). This will result in an increase of the capital requirements for CET1 from 
2022 onwards. Such impact can initially be assessed at 1% to 1.25% of CET1 ratio, based on the current 
agreement. This estimation is subject to the transposition of the international agreement in EU legal framework, 
the discretion of the macro prudential authority to mitigate the impact of different measures and the forthcoming 
structure of the balance sheet. In the event that the European authorities when transposing Basel IV were to deviate 
from this final agreement, the Issuer’s solvency position could be impacted. In the event that the separate 
discussions at the level of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision regarding sovereign and public exposures 
were to lead to an agreement on these matters, this could also materially affect the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
A series of measures referred to as the “Banking Reform Package” have been agreed in April 2019 and aim to 
further reduce risks in the banking sector by reinforcing further banks' ability to withstand potential shocks. The 
Banking Reform Package was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 (and came into force on 
27 June 2019) and this package updates the framework of harmonised rules established following the financial 
crisis and introduces changes to the CRR, the CRD, the BRRD and the SRMR.  
On 28 April 2020 the European Commission adopted a banking package aimed at facilitating bank lending to 
support the economy and help mitigate the economic impact of COVID-19. The European Commission proposed 
a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in the CRR in order to maximise the 
ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 
2019/876 (the “CRR Quick Fix”), the date of application of a number of requirements under the CRR, such as 
the leverage ratio buffer, has now been deferred to 1 January 2023. 
Belgian Banking Law 
The Belgian Banking Law implements various European Directives and Regulations, including but not limited to 
CRD IV and BRRD, as well as various measures which have been introduced since the financial crisis.  
The Issuer is required to meet certain capital and liquidity requirements under CRD IV. Such requirements have 
been gradually phased in and have an impact on the Issuer and its operations, as it imposes higher capital 
requirements. Any failure of the Issuer to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in 
administrative actions or sanctions. 
As set out above, in accordance with the Banking Reform Package, some further changes to the capital 
requirement rules, known as “CRD V” have been adopted. Under this package, the leverage ratio and the net 
stable funding ratio will become binding. The LCR is defined as the unencumbered stock of high quality liquid 
assets relative to the total net cash outflows over a 30 day time period. The NSFR is defined as the amount of 
available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. These ratios must at all times be equal

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
to or greater than 100%. As of 30 June 2020, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 156%, and its NSFR was 
135%.  
The counter-cyclical capital buffer, which aims to protect the Issuer against future losses, while maintaining the 
extension of credit to the economy and avoiding the build-up of systemic risk, is determined on a quarterly basis 
by the NBB, based on indicators specified in the Belgian Banking Law. The NBB decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer percentage at 0.5% for the third and fourth quarter of 2019 and it currently remains at that 
level. 
The Issuer will also be subject to a leverage ratio of 4.5% for institutions as a backstop measure alongside current 
risk-based regulatory capital requirements. In light of the COVID-19 crisis, the CRR Quick Fix has deferred the 
date of application of the leverage ratio buffer requirement to 1 January 2023.  
The Issuer’s capital conservation buffer was phased in and amounts to 2.50% as from 1 January 2020. The capital 
conservation buffer is designed to ensure that banks build up capital buffers outside periods of stress which can 
be drawn down as losses are incurred. 
Article 14 of the fourth Appendix of the Belgian Banking Law also allows the NBB to impose an additional capital 
buffer on domestic systemically important institutions, and which may be set at an amount up to 2% CET1. As 
from 1 January 2018, the Issuer is subject to an additional capital buffer of 0.75%. On 1 December 2019, the NBB 
has confirmed that this additional capital buffer will be maintained at this level for the year 2020. 
The Issuer’s pillar 2 requirement (P2R) under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) currently 
amounts to 1.75%. 
European resolution regime 
The BRRD grants powers to resolution authorities that include (but are not limited to) the introduction of a 
statutory “write-down and conversion power” in relation to Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital 
instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) and a “bail-in” power in relation to eligible liabilities (as defined 
in Article 2(1)(71) BRRD, i.e., the liabilities and capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1, 
additional tier 1 capital instruments of tier 2 capital instruments and that are not excluded from the scope of the 
bail-in power by virtue of Article 44 (2) BRRD, which includes the Senior Notes). These powers allow the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain 
unsecured liabilities (potentially including the Notes) of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain 
debt claims (which could be the Notes) into another instrument of ownership, including ordinary shares of the 
Issuer, if any. The “write down and conversion” and “bail-in” powers are part of a broader set of resolution powers 
provided to the resolution authorities under the BRRD in relation to distressed credit institutions and investment 
firms. These resolution tools include the ability for the resolution authorities to force, in certain circumstances of 
distress, the sale of a credit institution’s business or its critical functions, the separation of assets, the replacement 
or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt 
instruments (including amending the maturity date, any interest payment date or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension of payments) and/or discontinue the listing and admission to trading of 
debt instruments issued by the credit institution. 
In accordance with the Banking Reform Package as published in June 2019, the resolution framework has also 
been amended. In particular, significant details on the criteria related to “eligible liabilities” have been added, 
together with the methodology for determining the MREL for a particular bank and the way in which information 
is reported and disclosed. 
The Belgian Banking Law has transposed the BRRD into Belgian law. Please see below for a description of the 
Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime. 
Belgian Bank Recovery and Resolution regime

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Under the Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime, the supervisory authorities are able to take a number of 
measures (herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement) in respect of any credit institution it supervises if 
deficiencies in such credit institution’s operations are not adequately remedied. In case these measures are not 
complied with by the credit institution, or if the credit institution’s situation has not improved after implementation 
of 
such 
measures, 
the 
supervisory 
authorities 
can 
take 
exceptional 
measures 
(uitzonderlijke 
herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement exceptionnelles). Such measures include: the appointment of a 
special commissioner whose consent is required for all or some of the decisions taken by the institution’s corporate 
bodies; the imposition of additional requirements in terms of solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and the 
imposition of other limitations; requesting limitations on variable remuneration; the complete or partial suspension 
or prohibition of the institution’s activities; the requirement to transfer all or part of the institution’s participations 
in other companies; replacing the institution’s directors or managers; and revocation of the institution’s license, 
the right to impose the reservation of distributable profits, or the suspension of discretionary payments or interest 
payments to holders of additional tier 1 capital instruments. 
Furthermore, the Relevant Resolution Authority can impose specific measures on an important financial 
institution (including the Issuer, and whether systemic or not) when the Relevant Resolution Authority is of the 
opinion that (a) such financial institution has an unsuitable risk profile or (b) the policy of the financial institution 
can have a negative impact on the stability of the financial system. 
The Belgian Banking Law allows the Relevant Resolution Authority to take resolution actions (please see the 
paragraph on European Resolution Regime above). Such powers include the power to (i) direct the sale of the 
relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent 
of the shareholders or complying with procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part 
of the business of the relevant financial institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for that purpose 
which is wholly or partially in public control), (iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem assets to a 
bridge institution or one or more asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down and (iv) apply the bail-in power. The bail-in 
power allows the Relevant Resolution Authority to decide to write down or convert into shares or other proprietary 
instruments all or part of a credit institution’s eligible liabilities, as defined above, in order to (i) recapitalise the 
credit institution to the extent sufficient to restore its ability to comply with its licensing conditions and to continue 
to carry out the activities for which it is licensed and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the institution, or 
(ii) convert or reduce the principal amount of debt instruments that are transferred to a bridge institution with a 
view to providing capital for that bridge institution or as part of a sale of the business or transfer of assets. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write down or convert all Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 Capital 
instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) at the institution’s point of non-viability (i.e., the point at which 
the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or would cease to be viable 
(within the meaning of Article 251 of the Belgian Banking Law) if those capital instruments were not written 
down or converted or at least together with, the application of any resolution tool (including the exercises of the 
bail-in powers)) and in other limited circumstances set out in Article 250 of the Belgian Banking Law. 
In addition, all Tier 1 Capital instruments and the Tier 2 Capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) 
must be written down or converted before, or at least together with, the application of any resolution tool as set 
out above (including the exercise of the bail-in powers) if deemed necessary in order to avoid the institution or 
group becoming non-viable. Accordingly, the Subordinated Notes would in any event be written-down or 
converted at the latest at the same time with any bail-in of senior debt claims (such as the Senior Notes) and 
possibly before, if deemed necessary in order to avoid that the institution becomes non-viable. See also risk factor 
“Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or if 
the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met”. 
When applying the bail-in tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority takes one or both of the following actions in 
respect of shareholders and holders of other proprietary instruments: 
1. 
cancel existing shares or other proprietary instruments or transfer them to bailed-in creditors;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
2. 
provided that the institution under resolution has a positive net value, dilute existing shareholders and 
holders of other proprietary instruments as a result of the conversion into shares or other proprietary 
instruments of relevant capital instruments issued by the institution pursuant to the Resolution 
Authority’s conversion power or eligible liabilities issued by the institution under resolution. Such 
conversion shall be conducted at a rate of conversion that severely dilutes existing holdings of shares or 
other proprietary instruments. 
For the purposes of the Relevant Resolution Authority’s bail-in powers, credit institutions must at all times meet 
robust minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) so that there is sufficient capital 
and liabilities available to recapitalise failing credit institutions.  
As at 30 June 2020, the MREL ratio based on instruments issued by the Issuer stood at 7.98 per cent. of total 
liabilities and equity. The SRB has communicated a target MREL ratio of 4.85 per cent. of total liabilities and 
equity. The MREL requirement based on the target ratio of 4.85 per cent. equals a EUR 2.2 billion bail-in 
requirement. As at 30 June 2020, the available MREL was EUR 3.6 billion and is well above this requirement. 
The Issuer is in the process of assessing the impact of the further implementation of the Banking Reform Package 
on its MREL ratio and in particular the introduction of a subordination requirement. In light of the publication of 
the Banking Reform Package in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019, the SRB published an update to 
its policy on MREL and introduced a series of new features to strengthen the MREL approach and banks’ 
resolvability within the banking union. The Issuer’s current understanding is that, in case of shortage, the SRB 
will define a transition period that it will communicate together with the updated MREL requirement based on 
BRRD2, expected to apply from mid-2021 onwards. 
Eligible liabilities shall be included in the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities if they satisfy the following 
conditions as stated in Article 267/3, §2 Belgian Banking Law: 
1. 
the instrument is issued and fully paid up; 
2. 
the liability is not owed to, secured by or guaranteed by the institution itself; 
3. 
the purchase of the instrument was not funded directly or indirectly by the institution; 
4. 
the liability has a remaining maturity of at least one year; 
5. 
the liability does not arise from a derivative; and 
6. 
the liability does not arise from a preferential deposit (within the meaning of Article 389 of the Belgian 
Banking Law).  
The draft technical standards on the criteria for determining the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities currently do not provide details on the implications of a failure by an institution to comply with its 
MREL requirements. However, if the approach set out by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) in respect of the 
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) for Global Systemically Important banks (“G-SIBs”) is adopted in 
respect of MREL, there is a possibility that a failure by an institution to comply with MREL could be treated in 
the same manner as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements. Accordingly, a failure by the 
Issuer to comply with its MREL requirement may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
conditions and results of operations. The Issuer is not a G-SIB as defined under term sheet published by the FSB 
on 9 November 2015 (the “FSB TLAC Term Sheet”) and is therefore currently not subject to the FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet.  
As indicated above, the Banking Reform Package has been adopted and amends the BRRD. This reform package 
introduces the concepts "resolution entity" and "resolution group" and also allows authorities to suspend certain 
contractual obligations of institutions and entities for a maximum of two days.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, and their private interests. 
The Issuer further confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests that are material to the issuance of the 
Notes, between any of the members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, and their duties 
pursuant to the issuance of the Notes. 
The Argenta Group has a conflict of interest policy in place, which can be consulted on the website of the Issuer, 
www.argenta.be. 
GOVERNMENTAL, LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Argenta Group’s 
financial position or profitability.  
TREND INFORMATION 
Material adverse changes 
The Issuer confirms that, other than as disclosed in the risk factor “Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic” on page 
19, there have been no changes that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on its prospects since the date 
of its latest published audited financial statements.   
Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
Due to persistently low interest rates, fixed-rate term products are losing popularity. As a result, financial 
institutions (including the Issuer) are facing a decrease in their term products portfolio in favour of savings 
deposits. 
In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak that has spread across the globe since the beginning of 2020 has been a major 
shock to global financial markets and is now expected to heavily impact global economic growth. 
In consultation with the sector, the governments of Belgium and of the Netherlands have put in place various 
relief measures that may help to contain the overall impact, but the long term economic consequences are currently 
uncertain and will depend on the further evolution of the COVID-19 crisis; they may be severe. The Issuer has 
supported its customers since the start of the pandemic through relief measures that include a legally regulated 
(mortgage and consumer loan) moratorium (loan deferrals and extensions) in Belgium and client specific relief 
measures (including loan deferrals) in the Netherlands. 
Throughout this difficult period, the Issuer continues to support its customers with its customary service levels, 
while continuing its efforts and investments towards a more digital future where human interface remains a key 
ingredient. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of Argenta Group (including the Issuer) being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to its ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting 
Standard (“CRS”). On 29 September 2020, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral competent 
authority agreement (“MCAA”) amounts to 109. The MCAA is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into 
effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
The MCAA entered into force in 2017 in 49 jurisdictions, including Belgium (the so-called early adopters). 
Income relating to income year 2016 were hence the first to be automatically exchanged by said early adopters. 
More than 50 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018, 2 jurisdictions as from 2019 
and 7 jurisdictions as from 2020.Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, 
according to a due diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes 
interest, dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with 
respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which include trusts 
and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look 
through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in 
CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 
2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of savings income (commonly 
referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. Austria has been nonetheless allowed to exchange 
information under DAC2 as from 1 January 2017. 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of information based on the CRS. This new agreement replaces the 
agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. As of 1 January 2017, financial institutions 
in the EU and Switzerland apply the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new agreement to identify 
customers who are reportable persons, i.e., for Switzerland residents of any EU Member State. This data was 
exchanged for the first time in autumn 2018. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 
on the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in Belgium 
(i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, 
irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is 
only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards 
the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date 
determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, it has been provided that the mandatory 
automatic exchange applies (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) for a first list of 18 
countries, (ii) as of income year 2017 (first information exchange in 2018) for a second list of 44 countries, (iii) 
as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) for a third list of 1 country and (iv) as of income year 
2019 (first information exchange in 2020) for a fourth list of 6 countries. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each a “participating Member State”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt since the FTT should not apply to (inter alia) primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, including the activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation 
of financial instruments in the framework of their issue. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they were 
discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualization of the tax as 
a contribution to the EU budget.  
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would be 
levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including 
ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of 
other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. an acquisition 
of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement 
of a derivative). The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a 
Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, 
the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES  
 
The following is an overview of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended neither as 
tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or resulting from 
any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the 
Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile.  
The overview provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s tax 
laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law or practice, the 
tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. Prospective investors should be aware that tax laws of 
the investor’s own tax jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s Member State of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the Notes. 
For the purpose of the summary below, a Belgian resident is, (a) an individual subject to Belgian personal income 
tax (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated 
to a Belgian resident), (b) a legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has its main 
establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium),  (c) an Organisation for Financing 
Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated under the form of an 
Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax (i.e. an entity other 
than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment, its administrative seat or its 
seat of management in Belgium). A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident.  
1. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian 
withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30%. Both Belgian domestic 
tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and 
formalities. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity 
date) and, (iii) if the Notes qualify as “fixed income securities” (in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° 
Belgian Income Tax Code), in case of a realisation of Notes between two interest payment dates to any 
third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. 
“Fixed income securities” are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by banks (kasbon/bon 
de caisse) and other similar securities, including securities where income is capitalised or securities 
which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued with a discount corresponding to the 
capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made 
without deduction or withholding of Belgian withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at 
the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible 
Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with 
a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities Settlement 
System operated by the NBB. Certain banks, stockbrokers, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS and 
Monte Titoli are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive gross 
interest income on their Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement system must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of 
Eligible Investors in an X Account. Payments of interest made through X-accounts are free of Belgian 
withholding tax. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding 
van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du 
précompte mobilier) which include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, 
b) of the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (wetboek van de inkomenstenbelastingen 
1992/code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”); 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on 
the control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the 
application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC1992;  
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatale instellingen/organismes paraétatiques) for social 
security, or institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the 
royal decree implementing the BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, 
the “RD/BITC 1992”); 
(iv) 
non-resident investors provided for in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992 who do not hold the 
Notes in connection with a professional activity conducted in Belgium; 
(v) 
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 
of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income 
generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are 
subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with Article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii) 
collective investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed 
by a management company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not 
offered publicly in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively 
or principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant 
eligibility rules.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Upon the opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, an Eligible Investor is required to provide 
the Participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept with a statement of its 
eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There are no ongoing declaration 
requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the 
information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with declarations as to the eligible status of each 
investor for whom they have held Notes in an X Account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of 
Notes that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that 
each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary must deliver to the 
Participant a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that: (i) the 
Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor; and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it 
are also Eligible Investors. The Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible 
status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined 
in Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012 (“CSD”) acting as Participants to the Securities Settlement System (each, a “NBB-CSD”), 
provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X Accounts and that they are able to identify the 
Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply, 
it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as 
Participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS or Monte Titoli or any other NBB-CSD, provided that (i) they only hold X Accounts, (ii) they are 
able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules 
agreed upon by these NBB-CSDs include the contractual undertaking that their clients, holders of 
accounts, are all Eligible Investors. The Eligible Investors will need to confirm their status as Eligible 
Investors in the account agreement to be concluded with Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS or Monte 
Titoli or any other NBB-CSD. 
In accordance with the Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X 
Account will, following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from 
the Belgian tax authorities of an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes 
from the last preceding Interest Payment Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the 
Securities Settlement System. As a condition of acceptance of the Notes into the Securities Settlement 
System, the Noteholders waive the right to claim such indemnity.  
2. 
Belgian income tax 
2.1 
Belgian resident individuals 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian 
resident individuals as they do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
2.2 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
principle 25% as of assessment year 2021 linked to financial years starting on or after 1 January 2020). 
Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% applies to the first tranche of 
EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of 
the Belgian Companies Code).  
The withholding tax, if any, retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, 
all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the 
Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within 
the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC 1992.  
2.3 
Belgian legal entities 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian 
legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes 
morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross 
interest income are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final withholding tax exemption) to declare 
and pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities (which withholding tax then generally 
also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as defined in section 1 entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. 
2.4 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, 
are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited 
against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
2.5 
Belgian non-residents 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the 
Notes through a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in the context 
of their Belgian professional activity will in principle not become liable for any Belgian tax on income 
or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership, redemption or disposal of the Notes, 
provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
Non-residents who use the Bonds to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see above).  
3. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) 
will be levied on the acquisition and disposal for consideration of Notes on the secondary market if (i) 
entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be entered 
into or carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional 
intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
(résidence habituelle/gewone verblijfplaats) in Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or 
establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. on each acquisition and disposal separately, with a maximum 
amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any 
such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the 
professional intermediary. The acquisition of the Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not 
subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
If the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will in 
principle be due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on the 
stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which 
gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest 
on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was realized. The qualifying order 
statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A 
duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Professional 
intermediaries established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange tax representative 
in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). In 
such case the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the Belgian Treasury to 
pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations in that respect. 
If such Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian 
Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
A tax on repurchase transactions (taks op de reporten/taxe sur les reports) at the rate of 0.085 per cent. 
will be due from each party to any such transaction in which a stockbroker acts for either party (subject 
to a maximum of EUR 1,300 per party and per transaction). 
The taxes referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including 
investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary 
in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in 
Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code 
des droits et taxes divers) for the tax on stock exchange transactions respectively Article 139 of the code 
of miscellaneous duties and taxes for the tax on repurchase transactions. 
As stated above, on 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal stipulates that once the FTT enters 
into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions and the tax 
on repurchase transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, 
participating Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new 
FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  The 
proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time. 
4. 
Tax on securities accounts 
On 2 November 2020, the federal government has reached an agreement to introduce a new tax on 
securities accounts.  
Pursuant to the draft bill, the tax would target securities accounts of which the average value during the 
year would exceed EUR 1 million that are held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, 
irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
The tax will be equal to 0.15% of the average value of the financial instruments held on the account. The 
tax will also apply to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal entities 
with a financial  intermediary in Belgium. However, the tax would not be due on securities accounts held 
by specific types of regulated entities  in the context of their own professional activity and for their own 
account. 
Pursuant to the draft bill, a new retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 would 
also be introduced. 
This draft bill has yet to be submitted to and adopted by Parliament and the date of entry into force is not 
yet known. 
Prospective Noteholders are therefore advised to follow up and seek their own professional advice in 
relation to this new annual tax on securities accounts.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE NOTES  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident 
Noteholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended 
(the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of currently 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of currently 20%.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Pursuant to an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated on or about 18 December 2020 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger and subject to the conditions contained therein, 
the Dealers have agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by them. The Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the set-up of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in 
respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities relating to any misrepresentation or 
breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements of the Issuer in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. If any of the Dealers or 
their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, 
and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax holding their Notes in an exempt 
account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities 
Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b)

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of commencement of the offering and the closing date (the “Resale 
Restriction Termination Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the Resale Restriction Termination Date a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to registration under the, 
Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision,  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
The expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Any offering of the Notes will be exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and the 
restrictions described in this section (Subscription and Sale) will apply. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be notified 
to, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be 
approved or reviewed by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten”/“Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers”) (the “Belgian FSMA”). The Belgian 
FSMA has not commented as to the accuracy or adequacy of any such material or recommended the purchase of 
the Notes nor will the Belgian FSMA so comment or recommend. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus Regulation 
and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except: 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and applicable Italian laws, including the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and applicable CONSOB regulations; or

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No.20307 
of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking 
Act”), all as amended from time to time; and 
b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian competent authority.” 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”) and the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”), and no such prospectus pursuant to 
FinSA has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. No application has been 
or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body 
(Prüfstelle). 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA 
and as further detailed in FinSO. 
No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been or 
will be prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, subject to the applicable transitional provisions under the 
FinSA and its implementing ordinance, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to private clients within 
the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Art. 4(3) FinSA (not having opted in on the basis of 
Art. 5(5) FinSA); or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Art. 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset 
management agreement according to Art. 58(2) FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY - The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible 
investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 (“Eligible Investors”) holding 
their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [] 2020 [and the Supplement[s] to it dated [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the Issuer’s website [°°].11 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
The Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated [18 January 2019]/[16 January 
2020] will apply to the Notes and not the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus dated [] 2020. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [18 January 2019]/[16 January 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated [] 2020. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [] 2020 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [  ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, 
in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website [  ]12. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(I) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
(III) 
Date on which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert name of Series] (ISIN: [  ]) on [[  ]] / [the 
Issue Date] / [with effect from the date that is 40 days 
following the Issue Date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[  ] 
 
(I) 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [  ] (insert if Notes are fungible with a previous 
issue)] 
5. 
(I) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[  ] [and integral multiples of [  ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [  ].] 
                                                     
11  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
12  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent 
amount in other currencies.) 
 
(II) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
6. 
(I) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[  ] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed maturity date: [  ]] / [Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [  ] (specify in this format for Floating Rate 
Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes)] 
 
 
(Note: (i) Subordinated Notes that are included in or count 
towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer will have a minimum 
maturity of five years or such other minimum maturity as 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulation; and (ii) for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date must be no 
less than one year from the Issue Date of such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ]% Fixed Rate] / [EURIBOR + [  ]%]  
 
 
[Resettable Note] 
 
 
[Leveraged] [[  ] month [  ] [+/- [specify Margin (if any)]] 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Leveraged] [CMS-Linked Interest Note] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
Further particulars specified in Paragraph[s] [13/14/15/16] 
of Part A of the Final Terms below 
 
 
(include all which are relevant) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Par Redemption] / [Specified Redemption Amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. The Notes are [Fixed to Floating Rate Notes] / 
[Floating to Fixed Rate Notes]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Further particular specified in Paragraphs 13 and 15 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below  
11. 
Call Option: 
 
 
Call Option: (Condition 3(c)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 18 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
(I) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] / [Senior Non-Preferred] / [Subordinated] 
Notes

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
(II) 
Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (II) 
 
• 
Redemption 
upon 
the occurrence of a 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 
3(d)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (III) 
 
• 
Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
upon the occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 
3(f)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (IV)) 
 
• 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
Restricted 
Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 
3(f)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
• 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Date 
of 
any 
additional 
[Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(specify if Notes require separate / new authorisation. 
Otherwise specify “Not Applicable”) 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Applicable for the Interest Accrual Periods 
specified below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Accrual Periods to 
which 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [The Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Accrual Periods: from and including [  ] to but 
excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)] / [The Notes are 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Accrual 
Periods: from and including [  ] to but excluding [  ] (repeat 
as necessary)]. 
 
(II) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(III) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]  
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(IV) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(VII) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
14. 
Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(II) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the First Reset 
Rate 
of 
Interest, 
the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [  ] 
 
(III) 
Resettable 
Note 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]] 
 
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] 
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(IV) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Resettable Note Interest Payment Date(s)] 
 
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
First Margin: 
[+/-] [  ]% per annum 
 
(VII) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-] [  ]% per annum 
 
(VIII) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(IX) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.)

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
(X) 
First Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[  ] 
 
(XI) 
Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) 
Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XIII) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
 
(XIV) 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
(XV) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(XVI) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
(XVII) Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
(XVIII) Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
(XIX) 
Last Observable Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XX) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXI) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXII) Fixed Leg Swap Payment 
Frequency: 
[  ] 
 
(XXIII) Fixed Leg Swap Payment 
Frequency 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(XXIV) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[  ]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
(XXV) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate Day Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note / CMS-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable. The Notes are [Floating Rate Notes] / [CMS-
Linked Interest Notes]] / [Applicable for the Interest Accrual 
Periods specified below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Accrual Periods to 
which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [The Notes are Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and 
Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Accrual Periods: from and including [  ] to but 
excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)] / [The Notes are Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, and Floating Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply for the following Interest Accrual Periods: from 
and including [  ] to but excluding [  ] (repeat as necessary)] 
/ [Not Applicable, the Notes are CMS-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
(II) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] / [, not subject to any adjustment 
as the Business Day Convention in (IV) below is specified 
as being “Not Applicable”] 
 
(III) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[[  ]] / [Specified Interest Payment Date(s)] 
 
(IV) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Reference Banks: 
[  ] 
 
(VI) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are is /are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] / [ISDA Determination] / 
[CMS-Linked Interest Notes provisions in paragraph (XI) 
apply] 
 
(VII) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [  ] 
 
(VIII) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (VIII)) 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][  ] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [As specified in Condition 2(m)]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
− 
Leverage: 
[Not Applicable] / [[  ] [in respect of [specify relevant 
Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(IX) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (IX)) 
 
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
 
− 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
− 
Leverage: 
[Not Applicable] / [[  ] [in respect of [specify relevant 
Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(X) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[[long] / [short]] [[first] / [last]] Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest accrual period)] 
 
(XI) 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph (XI)) 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
(Condition 2(c)(iv)): 
[CMS Reference Rate] / [Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / 
[CMS Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS Reference 
Rate Spread] applies. 
 
− 
CMS Rate: 
[[  ]] / [CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2] 
 
 
(specify if CMS Reference Rate or Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate are applicable, otherwise specify “CMS Rate 
1 and CMS Rate 2”) 
 
− 
CMS Rate 1: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
(specify if CMS Reference Rate Spread or Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread are applicable, otherwise specify as 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
− 
CMS Rate 2: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(specify if CMS Reference Rate Spread or Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread are applicable, otherwise specify as 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[  ]] / [For [CMS Rate 1: [  ] and for CMS Rate 2[  ]] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[[  ]] / [For [CMS Rate 1: [  ] and for CMS Rate 2[  ]] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[  ]] / [For [CMS Rate 1: [  ] and for CMS Rate 2[  ]] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.] 
 
− 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[[  ]] / [For [CMS Rate 1: [  ] and for CMS Rate 2[  ]] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[[  ]] / [For [CMS Rate 1: [  ] and for CMS Rate 2[  ]] 
 
− 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
− 
Leverage: 
[Not Applicable] / [[  ] [in respect of [specify relevant 
Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(XII) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XIII) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XIV) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(XV) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[  ]% per annum on a [compounded] / [non-compounded] 
basis 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
 
Determination Date: 
[  ] 
17. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
18. 
Call Option (Condition 3(c)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Note: 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
(III) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[  ]% [in respect of [specify Optional Redemption Date] 
(repeat as necessary)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(IV) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [  ] 
Maximum period: [  ] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] 
 
(I) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note Redemption 
Amount of each Zero Coupon Note 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Early Redemption 
 
 
(I) 
Tax 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(e)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(II) 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence of a Tax Event 
(Condition 3(e)): 
(a) 
Tax 
Deductibility 
Event 
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [on any 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] after 
the occurrence of a Tax Event which is continuing 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(d)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(IV) 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable: [Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / 
[on any Resettable Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any 
time] after the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
which is continuing] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(f)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(VI) 
Event of Default Redemption 
Amount (Condition 11): 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
22. 
Substitution (Condition 7) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
23. 
Interest Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Payment Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By
: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be listed on the 
official list of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and admitted to 
trading on [the Professional Segment of] the Regulated Market of 
the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] / [[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that the 
original notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Earliest day of admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading with effect from [  ]] / [On or around [  ]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been] / [are expected to be] rated] 
/ [The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type under the Programme generally]: 
[S & P: [  ]] / 
 
 
[[  ]: [  ]] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically rated, but 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
have been rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [  ]] / 
 
 
[[  ]: [  ]] 
 
 
(Note: need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider(s).) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable13: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”), 
                                                     
13 
A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/).

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
although notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided.] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[[  ]] / [Save for the fees [of [°°]] payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the Offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus / Give details] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[°°] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under this 
paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield:  
[  ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] / [No]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with the National 
Bank of Belgium, immobilised in order to be transferable in 
book-entry form and settled through the Securities Settlement 
System and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with the National Bank of 
Belgium, immobilised in order to be transferable in book-entry 
form and settled through the Securities Settlement System. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
 
[Temporary ISIN Code:] 
[  ] 
 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
[Temporary Common Code:] 
[  ] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent (if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of the operator 
of the Alternative Clearing System 
(if any): 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable] / [[EURIBOR] / [specify other benchmark] is 
provided by [in case of EURIBOR: the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”)] [in case of other benchmark: 
specify administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[EMMI] / [administrator legal name] [appears] / [does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation.] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Dealers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable] / [give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable] / [give name(s)] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] / [give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not applicable

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made for Notes of any Series to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments 
and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (where it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms that such Series of Notes is to be listed and admitted to trading on such market). 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection 
with the issue of the Notes and performance of its obligations hereunder. The update of the Programme 
by the Issuer was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Issuer passed on 
8 December 2020. 
3. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant issue price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
4. 
Other than as disclosed in risk factor “Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic” on page 19 of this Base 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2019. In addition, save as disclosed in the risk factor “Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic” 
and in “Trend Information” above, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of the Issuer for the current 
financial year.  
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer on 
a consolidated basis since 30 June 2020. 
6. 
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or 
the Argenta Group’s financial position or profitability.  
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) (and any other relevant identification number for any Alternative Clearing System) for each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of 
the Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
9. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes being issued.  
10. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
11. 
So long as any Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be available for inspection on the 
website of the Issuer (www.argenta.eu): 
(i) the up to date articles of association of the Issuer;

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
(ii) this Base Prospectus and any supplements and each Final Terms; and 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating to Notes listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein shall also be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus information contained on any website does not form part of this Prospectus. Copies 
of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, 
will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock 
exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Agency Agreement will, so long as any Notes are outstanding, be available for inspection during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office 
of the Paying Agent.   
12. 
The audit of the Issuer’s financial statements and annual reports for the years ended 31 December 2018 
and 31 December 2019, and the review of the Issuer’s consolidated interim financial information for the 
half-year ended 30 June 2020, was conducted by Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV o.v.v CVBA, represented 
by Dirk Vlaminckx (as regards the financial statements and annual report for the year ended 
31 December 2018) and Bernard De Meulemeester (as regards the financial statements and annual report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the consolidated interim financial information for the half-
year ended 30 June 2020), Gateway building, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J, 1930 Zaventem 
(members of IBR – IRE Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises)

--- Page 157 ---
0126047-0000005 EUO1: 2001261739.25 
157 
 
 
 
Statutory Office of the Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank SA/NV 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
2018 Antwerp 
Belgium 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany 
 
  
Paying Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Brussels Branch 
Rue de Loxum 25  
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Auditor 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren CVBA 
Gateway building 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 J 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom