--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
ARGENTUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, with its registered office at Block A, 
George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, with registration number 535011) 
 
PLATINUM SECURITIES NETHERLANDS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its 
statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with its registered office at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 
JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with registration number 80060277) 
 
Structured Issuance Programme 
 
Argentum Securities Ireland plc (the “Irish Issuer”) is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland. 
Platinum Securities Netherlands B.V. (the “Dutch Issuer”) is a private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands 
(besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid).  
References in this Base Prospectus to “the Issuer” are to each of the Irish Issuer and the Dutch Issuer (as applicable), in respect of the Programme 
(as defined below). Such references specifically exclude any other Issuer and the relevant Issuer shall be specified in the Issue Terms in respect of 
a Series of Notes. The liability of each Issuer is several and is separate in respect of each Series of Notes. An Issuer shall not be responsible for 
the obligations of the other Issuer under any Series of Notes created by such other Issuer. No security created by an Issuer shall benefit investors 
in Notes issued or sold by (or any other creditors of) the other Issuer or the Noteholders in any other Series created by such Issuer. No payments 
owed by or to an Issuer in respect of one Series may be set-off or netted against payments owed to or by that Issuer in respect of another Series or 
by or to the other Issuer. 
Pursuant to the structured issuance programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus, each Issuer may from time to time issue 
series (each, a “Series”) of secured notes (“Notes”) in one or more classes (each, a “Class”) and tranches (each, a “Tranche”), on the terms set 
out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such Tranche (the “Final Terms”) or the series memorandum 
prepared in connection with such Tranche (the “Series Memorandum”). Notes may also be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a 
prospectus relating to the Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus (a “Series Prospectus”) or by a Series 
Memorandum (which, together with a Series Prospectus, are the “Alternative Drawdown Documents” and each an “Alternative Drawdown 
Document”). References to applicable Final Terms in this Base Prospectus include only final terms pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The liability of the Issuer under the Notes and the Programme is separate in respect of each Series of 
Notes. The Programme has been established by each Issuer by entering into the programme deed, as amended and restated from time to time (the 
“Programme Deed”). 
Each Series of Notes will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets relating to a Series of Notes and each 
Issuer’s rights against, among others, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Custodian and any Swap Counterparty. If the proceeds of liquidation of any available collateral, or of enforcement of the security, are not 
sufficient to meet all of its obligations in respect of the Series of Notes, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those 
proceeds. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for certain Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). 
The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on Global Exchange Market (“GEM”). This document constitutes 
Base Listing Particulars (the “Base Listing Particulars”) for the purposes of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. The GEM 
is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval by Euronext Dublin relates only to the Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the GEM. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market or GEM and have been admitted to the Official List, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date. 
The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus for the relevant Notes. All Notes issued may be listed or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or any other market. The applicable Final Terms or, where an Alternative Drawdown Document is prepared (which 
shall be the case for Credit Linked Notes and Collateral Basket Notes), the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Alternative Drawdown 
Document (the Final Terms or such provisions of the Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, the “Issue Terms”) in respect of the 
issue of any such Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
admitted to trading on GEM or any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus 
where the Original Collateral is CS Original Collateral. Where the Original Collateral of the Notes is not CS Original Collateral, then a Series 
Prospectus will be required for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to trading

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
on GEM or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation to 
any Series Memorandum. 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of a Series Memorandum under these Base Listing Particulars. 
For this purpose, references in these Base Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Issue Terms” and “Supplemental Prospectus(es)” shall be 
deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Series Memorandum” and “Listing Particulars Supplement(s)” respectively. Notes may also 
be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a Series Listing Particulars relating to the Notes that incorporates by reference the whole or any 
part of these Base Listing Particulars. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may include Bearer 
Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within 
the United States or to any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (b) not a Non-United States person 
(as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the 
extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations 
issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and, 
in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that each Issuer is a special purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus 
does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Readers of this Base Prospectus should have regard to the definitions set out in “Master Conditions – Condition 1 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)” herein. Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the meaning given to them in “Master Conditions – Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)”. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
CREDIT SUISSE INTERNATIONAL 
 
9 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the 
Notes which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer and type of Notes, is 
material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
Each of the Dutch Issuer and the Irish Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. To the best of the Dutch Issuer’s and the Irish Issuer’s knowledge the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes and that any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State or in the UK of Notes 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that, to the best of its knowledge, this 
Base Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer and the Notes that is material in 
the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer 
are in every material aspect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions 
expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly held, have been reached 
after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, there are no 
other facts in relation to the Issuer or the Notes the omission of which would, in the context of the 
issue and offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any 
material respect and all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts 
and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
The Issuer acknowledges that it may be possible for investors to hold indirect interests in certain 
Series of Notes through CREST through the issuance of dematerialised depository interests (“CDIs”). 
Any such CDIs will be independent securities constituted under English law and transferred through 
CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto pursuant to a 
global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated, the 
“CREST Deed Poll”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms or Alternative Drawdown 
Document in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale of Notes made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under the applicable law. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document 
and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, no 
action has been or will be taken by either Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer(s) (save as specified in 
the relevant Series Prospectus) which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus and any Issue Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
If the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” is applicable, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. The Issuer 
and the Dealer(s) expressly disclaim any responsibility for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
If the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify that “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” is applicable, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
at any time to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The Issuer 
and the Dealer(s) expressly disclaim any responsibility for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK. 
The Notes do not represent a participation in a collective investment scheme pursuant to Art. 7 ss of 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and thus do not require an 
authorisation of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”). Therefore, investors in 
Notes are not eligible for specific investor protection under the CISA.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may 
include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not at any time 
be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to any person 
who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (b) not a Non-United 
States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding 
for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who 
are not Non-United States persons) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention 
regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus in the 
United States, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Singapore, Ireland, Hong Kong, the European Economic 
Area and the United Kingdom, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the Dealer(s) makes any representation, express or implied, or, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the Notes, the 
Transaction Documents (including the effectiveness thereof) or for the contents of, or make any 
representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied regarding the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms 
or applicable Alternative Drawdown Document (as applicable) or any notice or other document which 
may at any time be supplied in connection with the Notes and none of them accepts any liability 
therefor. None of the Dealer(s) or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for any other statement 
made or purported to be made by a Dealer or the Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the 
Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Arranger and the Dealer(s) accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above) which it might otherwise have in respect of the Notes, the Transaction Documents or this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should have regard to the factors described under the section 
entitled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the 
risks of an investment in the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate 
the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should have 
sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge 
of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Issue Terms and the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in the context of 
their financial position and circumstances. None of the Arranger or the Dealer(s) undertakes to review

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the term of any Notes issued nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealer(s). The risk 
factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as general information only and the Arranger 
and the Dealer(s) disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and 
investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may 
from time to time alter.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 24 
DISCLAIMERS .................................................................................................................................. 72 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ............................................................................................................. 76 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 79 
MASTER CONDITIONS .................................................................................................................... 80 
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT ....................................................... 185 
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................. 187 
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED 
QUESTIONS ............................................................................................................................ 249 
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT ...................................................................... 265 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 276 
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS ......................................................................................... 282 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................... 284 
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER ........................................................................................ 285 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DUTCH ISSUER ..................................................................................... 287 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY ....................................................................... 290 
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL ............................................................................................................... 291 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT .............................................................................................................. 292 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS ....................................................................................................... 296 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 297 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 303 
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ............311 
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 312 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS ..................................... 318 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 323 
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................... 325 
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT ... 339 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX ............................................ 359

--- Page 8 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Series of Notes, the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree 
that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Master Conditions, in which 
case, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The following is an overview of the Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may issue Notes. This 
overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may, pursuant to Master Condition 6(a) (Restrictions), from 
time to time also enter into Obligations in the form of loans or other obligations on the terms set out 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Alternative Drawdown Document prepared in connection 
with such Obligation. This Base Prospectus refers throughout to Notes and does not specifically refer 
to other Obligations. However, in respect of any Obligations entered into by the Issuer (in the form of 
loans or otherwise), all references herein to Notes should be construed as being references not only 
to such Notes but also as being references to such other types of Obligation or Obligations that may 
be entered into or issued by the Issuer. In addition, references to Noteholders should be construed 
as being to a holder or counterparty to such Obligation or Obligations, references to Conditions and/or 
Issue Terms shall be to the terms of the documentation provided in respect of that Obligation or 
Obligations at the time of entry or issue and other concepts or defined terms relating to Notes shall 
be read and construed in the context of the relevant Obligation or Obligations. The terms of, and 
further information in respect of, any other Obligation entered into by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Programme will be provided in the documentation relating thereto. 
PARTIES 
 
The Issuer: 
The Irish Issuer or the Dutch Issuer. 
 
Irish Issuer: 
Argentum Securities Ireland plc.  
Information relating to the Irish Issuer is contained in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the 
Irish Issuer”. 
Irish Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
213800D3J8RPOBZM8Z27. 
Dutch Issuer: 
Platinum Securities Netherlands B.V.  
Information relating to the Dutch Issuer is contained in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the 
Dutch Issuer”. 
Dutch Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
724500GEJ6532OJTZY78. 
Arranger: 
Credit Suisse International.

--- Page 9 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
9 
 
Dealer(s): 
Credit Suisse International, either in respect of one or more 
Series or Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
Dealers in respect of one or more Series, if so specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
Vendor: 
Credit Suisse International or, if different, the entity specified 
in the relevant Issue Deed that confirms in the relevant 
Issue Deed its appointment to act as vendor. 
Trustee: 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc. The Issuer may from time to time with the 
approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and appoint additional or other Issuing 
and Paying Agent(s).  
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc. The Issuer may from time to time with the 
approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent and appoint additional or other 
Registrar(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s). 
Custodian: 
HSBC Bank plc. The Issuer may from time to time with the 
approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Custodian and appoint additional or other Custodian(s). 
Swap Agreement and Swap 
Counterparty: 
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into 
a swap agreement substantially on the terms described in 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “The Swap 
Agreement” (a “Swap Agreement”). The Swap Agreement 
may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provide 
for collateralisation by way of a credit support annex by 
either or both of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty of 
their respective obligations under the Swap Agreement.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Swap Counterparty will be Credit Suisse International.  
Where no Swap Agreement is entered into in relation to a 
Series of Notes, references in this Base Prospectus to the 
Swap Agreement and the Swap Counterparty shall not be 
applicable with respect to that Series of Notes. 
Disposal Agent: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Disposal Agent will be Credit Suisse International. The 
Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee (except that the approval of the Trustee shall not be 
required for the appointment of a replacement Disposal 
Agent where Noteholders direct the Issuer to appoint such 
replacement pursuant to the Conditions) and in accordance

--- Page 10 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
10 
 
with the Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Disposal Agent under the Programme or appoint additional 
Disposal Agent(s). 
Calculation Agent: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will be Credit Suisse International. 
The Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee (except that the approval of the Trustee shall not be 
required for the appointment of a replacement Calculation 
Agent where Noteholders direct the Issuer to appoint such 
replacement pursuant to the Conditions) and in accordance 
with the Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Calculation Agent under the Programme or appoint 
additional Calculation Agent(s). The Calculation Agent is 
responsible for making a number of determinations in 
respect of the Notes under the Master Conditions, including 
without limitation the following: 
(i) 
determining (if applicable) the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, 
Final 
Redemption Amount, 
Instalment 
Amount and the interest amount payable under the 
Notes (if any) in accordance with the Conditions; 
(ii) determining whether (if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms) a Collateral Event, Trigger 
Event, Regulatory Event, Reference Rate Event, 
Original Collateral Disruption Event or Additional 
Redemption Event has occurred in accordance with 
the Conditions; 
(iii) determining whether or not to suspend payments of 
interest and/or principal under the Notes on account of 
a potential Collateral Event; and 
(iv) determining whether or not a Sanctions Event has 
occurred, the Sanctions Event End Date and amounts 
payable by the Issuer following the Sanctions Event 
End Date. 
See the “Annex to the CLN Conditions Product Supplement 
Frequently Asked Questions” for a brief overview of the 
determinations which the Calculation Agent is responsible 
for in relation to Credit Linked Notes. 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE NOTES 
Status of Notes: 
Each Series of Notes will be secured, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner 
described in Master Condition 5 (Security). Recourse in 
respect of any Series will be limited to the Mortgaged 
Property for that Series. Claims of Noteholders, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and any other Secured Creditor shall rank in accordance

--- Page 11 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
11 
 
with the priorities specified in Master Condition 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class 
Collateral Proceeds) as it may be amended by the relevant 
Issue Deed. 
Classes: 
Each Series of Notes may comprise different Classes of 
Notes. Where Classes are applicable, all Classes shall be 
treated as a single Series and the Notes of each Class shall 
rank pari passu and without any preference amongst 
themselves. 
Restrictions: 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will 
not, without the consent of the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty engage in any business other than the 
issuance or entry into of:  
(a) in respect of the Irish Issuer, instruments to or with 
investors and the entry into of related agreements and 
transactions and the performing of acts incidental thereto or 
necessary in connection therewith, provided that any 
instruments issued to or entered into with investors (i) are 
secured on, or otherwise limited in recourse to, specified 
assets of the Irish Issuer other than the Irish Issuer’s share 
capital, any fees paid to the Issuer in connection with any 
such instruments and any assets securing, or to which 
recourse is otherwise limited in respect of, any series of 
other instruments (other than Equivalent Obligations) and 
(ii) contain provisions that limit the recourse of any holder of 
such instruments to assets other than the Irish Issuer’s 
share capital, any fees paid to the Irish Issuer in connection 
with such instruments and assets to which any series of 
other instruments (other than Equivalent Obligations) have 
recourse; and  
(b) in respect of the Dutch Issuer, bonds, notes or other 
securities or the entry into of loans or other agreements for 
the payment or repayment of borrowed money, and 
provided always that such obligations are secured on 
assets of the Dutch Issuer other than the Dutch Issuer’s 
share capital, any fees paid to the Dutch Issuer in 
connection with such instruments and those assets 
securing any other obligations of the Dutch Issuer and that 
they are entered into on a limited recourse and non-petition 
basis.  
In addition, the relevant Issuer will be subject to certain 
other restrictions including, without limitation, that it will not, 
without the consent of the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries 
or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire 
any real property, consolidate or merge with any other 
person, convey or transfer its properties or assets

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
12 
 
substantially as an entity to any person (other than as 
contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any further 
shares. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue 
by a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) 
such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as 
defined in “U.S. TEFRA Compliance” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent global 
note (a “Permanent Global Note”). Registered Notes will 
be represented by certificates (each a “Certificate”), one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Certificates representing Registered Notes of one or more 
tranches of the same Series are referred to as “Global 
Certificates”. These may be registered in the name of a 
nominee for one or more clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-
Petition: 
The Notes comprise secured, limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer.  
In respect of a Series, the Transaction Parties, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse 
only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series, in 
the case of the Dutch Issuer, subject always to the Security, 
and not to any other assets of the Issuer. 
If after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series 
is exhausted, whether following liquidation or enforcement 
of the Security or otherwise, and (ii) application of the 
proceeds derived from the Mortgaged Property as provided 
in Master Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds 
or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds), any outstanding 
claim, debt or liability against the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes of such Series or Transaction Documents relating to 
the Notes of such Series remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case may be, shall 
be extinguished and the Issuer shall have no further 
obligation in respect thereof. 
Following extinguishment in accordance with Master 
Condition 17(a) (General limited recourse), none of the 
Transaction Parties (save for the Trustee who may lodge a 
claim in liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another 
party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer), the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or the persons acting on

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
13 
 
behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
members, incorporators, corporate service providers or 
directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim, debt or liability and the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to any such persons in respect of such further 
sum in respect of such Series. None of the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or the persons 
acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, 
or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of 
its 
officers, 
shareholders, 
members, 
directors 
or 
incorporators or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the assets or property 
attributable to any other notes issued by, or other 
Obligations entered into by, the Issuer. 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall 
survive maturity of the Notes and the expiration or 
termination of the agreements to which the Transaction 
Parties are party. 
TERMS OF THE NOTES 
Mortgaged Property: 
The Notes of each Series will be secured in the manner set 
out in Master Condition 5 (Security), including: (i) a first fixed 
charge over the Collateral and all property, assets and sums 
derived therefrom and, to the extent that the relevant assets 
are not already secured pursuant to the fixed charge; (ii) an 
assignment of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest relating 
to the Collateral; (iii) an assignment of the Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest against the Custodian and under the 
Agency Agreement to the extent they relate to the Collateral 
and/or the Notes; (iv) a charge over all sums held from time 
to time by the Issuing and Paying Agent insofar as such 
sums relate to that Series; and (v) an assignment of the 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Swap Agreement 
relating to that Series.  
Each Series may also be secured on such additional 
security as may be described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Security” are to the 
security constituted by the Trust Deed for the relevant 
Series and/or constituted by any other security documents 
in respect of the relevant Series. 
Final Terms: 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market may only be issued by way of Final Terms 
under this Base Prospectus where the Original Collateral is

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
14 
 
CS Original Collateral (as defined in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Original Collateral”). 
Alternative Drawdown 
Document: 
In all cases where Notes are not issued by way of Final 
Terms, the Original Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes 
will be as specified in the applicable Series Memorandum 
or Series Prospectus, as the case may be. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in accordance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, save that (i) the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) 
and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in British 
pound sterling (“Sterling”)) which have a maturity of less 
than one year whose issue constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies and, in the case of Notes 
issued by the Irish Issuer, such Notes will be issued in 
compliance with the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of 
Ireland (as amended)). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes of any maturity may be issued under the 
Programme and, in the case of Notes issued by the Irish 
Issuer, such Notes will be issued in compliance with the 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended)). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series at a rate per annum expressed as a 
percentage equal to the Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The interest amount (if any) will, 
subject to the Conditions, be payable in arrear on the date 
or dates in each year specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series and, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, will be determined either (i) on the 
same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or (ii) by reference to a relevant 
Screen Rate, in each case, subject to the Conditions and

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
15 
 
save as amended in the relevant Issue Terms. The interest 
amount (if any) will, subject to the Conditions, be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Change of Interest Basis Notes: 
Notes may be issued where the Interest Basis changes from 
Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or vice versa, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, on the Interest Period(s) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest, unless payment under the Notes due on the due 
date for redemption is improperly withheld or refused. 
Non-Interest Bearing Notes: 
Notes may be issued that do not bear interest.  
Pass-Through Notes: 
Interest payable on a Pass-Through Note will be equal to 
such Note’s pro rata share of each interest amount due and 
payable to the Issuer in respect of all Original Collateral 
(less any Pass-Through Fee Amount in respect of such 
Note specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will be 
payable two Reference Business Days following each date 
on which each such interest amount is due and payable. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
Credit Linked Notes may be issued in accordance with the 
Additional CLN Conditions. Such Notes are exposed to the 
credit risk of the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) and may 
redeem in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and a corresponding Event Determination Date, as 
further specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Credit 
Linked Notes are (a) Single Name CLNs; (b) Basket CLNs 
or (c) Index Linked CLNs (see the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Annex to the CLN Conditions Product 
Supplement Frequently Asked Questions” for further 
details).  
Collateral Basket Notes: 
Collateral Basket Notes may be issued in accordance with 
the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions. The Original 
Collateral relating to such Notes shall consist of two or more 
Collateral Components, and events affecting one, but not 
all, of the Collateral Components may result in redemption 
of all or some of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms). 
Following a Collateral Event in respect of a single Collateral 
Component, the Notes will redeem either in full or in part (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms).  
Where the Notes are to redeem in full, the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount will be (i) the net proceeds of

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
16 
 
liquidation or realisation of all Collateral Components and 
any other assets in respect of the relevant Series available 
to the Issuer (other than payments from the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the termination of the Swap 
Agreement) plus (ii) any termination payment payable to the 
Issuer by the Swap Counterparty on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement, minus (iii) any termination payment 
payable to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer on the 
termination of the Swap Agreement. 
Where the Notes are to redeem in part, the relevant 
Collateral Component will be liquidated and the partial value 
of the Swap Agreement will be determined and paid by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer or by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty, as applicable. The net amounts 
received by the Issuer following such liquidation and any 
payment reflecting the Partial Swap Value paid to the Issuer 
shall be applied to redeem the Notes in part (provided that 
any Partial Swap Value payable by the Issuer shall be 
deducted from the liquidation proceeds of the relevant 
Collateral Component).  
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and the net proceeds of liquidation of 
the relevant Collateral Component are less than the amount 
owing to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer in respect of 
the partial unwind of the Swap Agreement, the Disposal 
Agent shall liquidate additional amounts of Collateral from 
one or more Collateral Components to make up such 
Shortfall Amount. 
Interest Periods, Interest Accrual 
Periods and Rates of Interest: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable rate of interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year or whose issue constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) per Note. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
Where a Series of Notes is redeemable in two or more 
instalments, the applicable Issue Terms will set out the 
dates on which, and the amounts at which, such Notes will, 
subject to the Conditions, be redeemed.

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
17 
 
Early Redemption for Events of 
Default, Tax or Other Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to or following the 
Maturity Date: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of certain tax events with respect 
to the Notes or the Original Collateral;  
(ii) upon the occurrence of certain events with respect to 
the Original Collateral (the particulars of which will be 
specified on a series by series basis in the applicable 
Issue Terms (for further information see the section of 
this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”)); 
(iii) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the value of the Original Collateral and the value of the 
Swap Agreement falling to or beneath a certain level; 
(iv) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of certain regulatory events (for further 
information see the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Risk Factors”);  
(v) upon the termination of the Swap Agreement;  
(vi) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of certain disruption events with 
respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference 
Rate;  
(vii) upon the occurrence of certain disruption events with 
respect to a relevant Reference Rate; or 
(viii) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event (the 
specifics of which will be set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
Any redemption following the Maturity Date would be as a 
result of a redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity 
Date but with the resultant liquidation process not being 
completed until after the Maturity Date.  
In addition, either the Noteholders and/or the Trustee 
(dependent on the relevant event and as specified in the 
Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of the 
Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with 
respect to the Notes, the occurrence of certain default 
events relating to the Original Collateral or upon the 
bankruptcy or certain defaults of the Swap Counterparty. 
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required 
to liquidate some or all of the Collateral and the Swap 
Agreement will be terminated in accordance with its terms. 
The amount payable or transferable to Noteholders in such 
circumstances will be the Early Redemption Amount. 
If “Cash Settlement” is specified as the Early Redemption 
Settlement Method or if no method is specified, the Early

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
18 
 
Redemption Amount will be the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
If “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Noteholder elects or is 
deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
payable by the Issuer to such Noteholder will be the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount, being, broadly, each Note’s pro 
rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral and any other assets in respect of the 
relevant Series available to the Issuer (other than 
payments from the Swap Counterparty in respect of 
the termination of the Swap Agreement) plus any 
applicable rounding amounts by virtue of the Issuer 
having to pay any Physical Redemption Amounts (see 
below); plus 
(ii) any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty on the termination of the Swap 
Agreement; minus 
(iii) any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement. 
If “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Noteholder does not elect or 
is not deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
payable by the Issuer to such Noteholder will be the 
Physical 
Redemption 
Amount, 
being, 
broadly, 
a 
combination of an amount of assets and/or cash equal to 
each Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in 
respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is payable) 
of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
any Original Collateral remaining after certain amounts 
of such Original Collateral (if any) are liquidated, 
rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of the 
denomination of the Original Collateral; plus 
(ii) any cash amounts derived from any rounding 
contemplated by (i) above; plus 
(iii) (a) the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral and any other assets in respect of the 
relevant Series available to the Issuer (other than 
the cash amounts contemplated under (ii) above, 
and payments from the Swap Counterparty in 
respect 
of 
the 
termination 
of 
the 
Swap 
Agreement, and other than all the net proceeds of 
liquidation or realisation of Original Collateral

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
19 
 
solely attributable to those Noteholders entitled to 
receive an Early Cash Redemption Amount); plus 
 
(b) any termination payment payable to the Issuer by 
the Swap Counterparty on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement; minus  
 
(c) any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer on the termination of 
the Swap Agreement. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the 
Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer to such 
Noteholder will be the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
being, broadly, each Note’s pro rata share of an amount 
equal to: 
(i) 
the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
portion of Collateral relating to such Class of Notes 
redeeming early; plus  
(ii) any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement relating to the Class of Notes 
redeeming early; minus  
(iii) any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer in respect of the transaction 
under the Swap Agreement relating to the Class of 
Notes redeeming early; plus 
(iv) where the Class of Notes redeeming early is the sole 
remaining Class of Notes, any cash remaining from 
any rounding up of Collateral to the next tradable unit 
in respect of the redemption of other Classes. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note may be less than 
or may have a value of less than the Specified 
Denomination of that Note and may be zero. 
In addition, on a redemption of the Notes other than on their 
final redemption on the Maturity Date or on an Instalment 
Date at the Instalment Amount, the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) will apply available sums or assets in 
accordance with the order of priority set out in Master 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds). Such sums or assets may not 
be sufficient to meet the claims of the Secured Creditors 
against the Issuer in respect of the Series and, accordingly, 
following application in accordance with the order of priority 
there may not be sufficient sums or assets available to 
satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to pay the Early Redemption 
Amount in full or at all. See further the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Overview of the Programme – Limited 
Recourse and Non-Petition”.

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
20 
 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever 
nature that the Issuer or any Agent is required by applicable 
law to make (and any withholding required by an 
Information Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be 
required by applicable law). In that event, the Issuer or such 
Agent shall make such payment after such withholding or 
deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant 
authorities for the amount(s) so required to be withheld or 
deducted. This may result in the early redemption of the 
Notes – see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Overview of the Programme – Early Redemption for Events 
of Default, Tax or Other Reasons”. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments 
to holders of Notes in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Sanctions: 
Any obligations under the Transaction Documents will be 
suspended for the duration of a Sanctions Event. See (i) 
Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of obligations following 
a Sanctions Event) and (ii) the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”. 
Further Issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes of any 
Series (or Class thereof) on the same terms as existing 
Notes and such further Notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series (or Class thereof) with such existing 
Notes of the same Series (or Class thereof); provided that, 
unless 
otherwise 
sanctioned 
by 
an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution, the Issuer provides, in accordance with Master 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues), additional assets as 
security for such further Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
modifications to Note terms: 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders of a Series, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
In certain circumstances the Trustee may agree to modify 
the terms and conditions of the Notes without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
Substitution of Issuer: 
The Trustee may in certain circumstances, with the prior 
written consent of the Swap Counterparty but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree to 
a substitution of any other company in the place of the

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
21 
 
Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed, Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons, as applicable.  
Governing Law: 
English law. 
ISSUANCE DETAILS 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued in Series (which may consist of 
different Classes), with the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series (or Class thereof). Each Series (or Class thereof) 
may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue 
date(s). The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series (or Class thereof)) will be completed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a new global note (an “NGN”) or the relevant 
Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Note or Global Certificate 
will be delivered to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Safekeeper”). 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a classic global note (a “CGN”) or the 
relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the 
Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate 
representing 
Registered 
Notes 
may 
be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed 
in advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are 
to be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will 
be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems.

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
22 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application may be made to Euronext Dublin for certain 
Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market or GEM. 
No assurance can be given that such an application to admit 
Notes to the Official List and to trading on its Regulated 
Market or GEM will be successful. The Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. Notes issued by the Issuer may be listed and 
admitted to trading on a market which is not a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
a specific Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
Rating: 
The Programme is not rated. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, the 
Netherlands, 
Singapore, 
Ireland, 
Hong 
Kong, 
the 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors (if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) and the Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors (if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms) and any other jurisdiction relevant 
to any Series. See the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Subscription and Sale” and the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended. 
U.S. TEFRA Compliance: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes in bearer form will be issued: 
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the 
“C Rules”); 
(ii) in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “D 
Rules”); or 
(iii) other than in compliance with the C Rules or the D 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 23 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
23 
 
Transaction Structure Diagram 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging 
transaction. It is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the types of instruments which may 
be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and related transactions which may be entered into by 
the Issuer. Prospective Noteholders should review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and the specific Issue Terms for a description of the transaction structure and 
relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines 
represent contractual relationships and solid lines represent cashflows. 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholder 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
 Argentum 
Securities 
Ireland plc or 
Platinum 
Securities 
Netherlands B.V. 
(“Issuer”) 
Custodian 
Disposal Agent 
Calculation Agent 
Issuing and Paying 
Agent 
Transfer Agent 
 Credit Suisse 
International 
(“Swap 
Counterparty”)  
Security for 
the Notes 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Trust Deed 
Scheduled interest amounts and Final 
Redemption Amount or, as applicable, 
specified Early Redemption Amount 
payable on Notes 
Benefit of Issuer 
Security 
Agency 
Agreement 
Scheduled payments 
due on Collateral 
Collateral 
payments 
 Trustee 
Issuer Administrator

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Warning: The terms and conditions of certain Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may 
not provide for scheduled repayment in full of the issue or purchase price at maturity. In such 
case, you may lose some or all of your original investment. 
Even if the relevant Notes do provide for scheduled repayment in full of the issue or purchase 
price at maturity or upon mandatory early redemption or optional early redemption of the 
Notes (in whole or in part), you will still be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty and will lose up to the entire value of your investment if the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty either fails or is otherwise unable to meet its payment obligations.  
You may also lose some or all of your investment if: 
 
you sell your Notes prior to maturity in the secondary market at an amount that is less 
than your initial purchase price; or 
 
your Notes are redeemed early under their terms and conditions at the discretion of the 
Issuer and the early redemption amount paid to you is less than the initial purchase 
price. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its scheduled obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes or the reduction of any such amounts may occur for other 
reasons not set out herein and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms, and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities. The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) that, as long as any Note remains 
outstanding, it will not, except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or 
any Transaction Document, engage in any business other than the entry into of bonds, notes 
or other securities or the entry into of loans or other agreements for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money, subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions.  
As such, Noteholders should be aware that the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than 
its issued and paid-up share capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the 
issue of Notes or entry into other obligations from time to time and any Mortgaged Property 
and any other assets on which Notes or other obligations are secured (or, in the case of the 
Irish Issuer, otherwise limited in recourse to specified assets).

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25 
 
For further information on the restrictions on the Irish Issuer’s activities, see the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Irish Issuer – Special Purpose Vehicle” and for 
further information on the restrictions on the Dutch Issuer’s activities, see the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Dutch Issuer – Special Purpose Vehicle”.  
(b) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer of the Notes may be substituted pursuant to the provisions 
of Master Condition 19(c) (Substitution). The Trustee may without the consent of any 
Noteholders or Couponholders but with the prior written consent of the Swap Counterparty 
agree to a substitution of the Issuer in certain circumstances, which may include, where (i) 
Noteholders would suffer adverse tax consequences if the Issuer was not substituted or (ii) it 
becomes illegal for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the Notes. In connection 
with such substitution the Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, to a change in the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document, provided that such 
change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. The Transaction Documents will also be amended to the extent necessary to 
reflect any necessary changes following a change in Issuer and/or governing law (as further 
described below under the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Modification, 
waivers and substitution”). Notwithstanding the above, Noteholders in respect of a Series of 
Notes where the Issuer is substituted may nevertheless suffer losses arising out of the 
substitution process, the amended terms of the Notes, the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Transaction Document and shall be exposed to the creditworthiness of the new issuer. 
(c) 
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments 
 
Background 
A payment with respect to a Note, the Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any) 
could be subject to U.S. withholding both under FATCA and as a result of being treated 
as a dividend equivalent payment. The maximum rate of U.S. withholding on such 
payment would not exceed 30 per cent. 
 
Possible impact on payments on Collateral (if any) and Swap Agreement (if any) 
If the Issuer fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including, in respect of the 
Irish Issuer, the IGA entered into between Ireland and the United States (the “Irish IGA”) 
and, in respect of the Dutch Issuer, the IGA entered into between the Netherlands and 
the United States (the “Dutch IGA”), as applicable, to implement FATCA and any IGA 
legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder), it may be subject to FATCA 
Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to the Original 
Collateral or the Swap Agreement (in each case, if any). Any such withholding would, in 
turn, result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that 
would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes or the Swap Agreement with 
respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction 
Party to make up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient 
funds to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the 
Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test 
date to be subject to FATCA Withholding, the Notes will be subject to early redemption 
(see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
 
Default, tax or other reasons” below). No assurance can be given that the Issuer can or 
will comply with its obligations under FATCA or that the Issuer will not be subject to 
FATCA Withholding. 
 
Possible impact on payments on the Notes 
The Issuer may be required to withhold amounts from Noteholders (including 
intermediaries through which such Notes are held) that are foreign financial institutions 
that are not compliant with, or exempt from, FATCA or Noteholders that do not provide 
the information, documentation or certifications required for the Issuer to comply with its 
obligations under FATCA. Additionally, the Issuer is also permitted to make any 
amendments to the Notes and the Swap Agreement (if any) as may be necessary to 
enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including any Irish IGA or 
Dutch IGA, as applicable, and any IGA legislation, regulations or guidance notes 
thereunder) and any such amendment will be binding on the Noteholders. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional 
amounts in the event FATCA withholding tax is imposed on any payments on or with 
respect to the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as 
applicable, than expected. FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the 
Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is subject to change. Potential investors should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. 
 
Possible redemption of the Notes 
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance 
with Master Condition 12(b) (Provision of information) such that any payment received 
by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or the Issuer may suffer a 
fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime, the Notes 
shall redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk 
factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early Redemption for Events of Default, tax 
or other reasons” below). 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders 
is subject to change. 
(d) 
Information reporting obligations and consequential amendments 
Information relating to the Notes, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international 
reporting and transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to FATCA). This 
may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid 
or credited with respect to the Notes, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Notes 
and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities 
in other countries. Some jurisdictions operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition 
to, such provision of information requirements. Pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and 
subject to certain limitations, a holder or beneficial owner of Notes is required to provide 
information reasonably requested by the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
for purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s compliance with applicable information reporting

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
 
regimes. If, for a Series, any Noteholder or beneficial owner fails to provide any information so 
requested by the Issuer, the Issuer may withhold amounts from Noteholders (including 
intermediaries through which such Notes are held) or such Series may be the subject of an 
early redemption. 
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in 
Master Condition 12(c) (Consequential amendments), to make any amendments (other than 
an amendment that would require a “special quorum resolution” as defined in the Trust Deed) 
to the terms of the Notes, the Swap Agreement and any other Transaction Document (except 
for the Programme Deed) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply with its 
obligations under FATCA (including any Irish IGA or Dutch IGA, as applicable, and any IGA 
legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder) or its obligations under any legislation or 
agreements relating to any applicable Information Reporting Regime and any such amendment 
will be binding on the Noteholders. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts 
if FATCA Withholding or any other withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
Information Reporting Regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As 
a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and the other Information Reporting Regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other 
Information Reporting Regimes might affect such Noteholder in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
(e) 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Irish Issuer is a public limited company registered in Ireland and therefore subject to the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014, as may be amended from time to time. The Office of 
the Director for Corporate Enforcement is responsible for investigating and supporting the 
possible initiation of criminal proceedings in cases of suspected breaches of company law. The 
Irish Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, 
commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without 
supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. There is no assurance, however, that regulatory 
authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability 
of any such laws to the Irish Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such regulatory authority 
could result in the Irish Issuer being required by such regulator to obtain licenses, registrations 
and/or authorisation or being made subject to certain regulations which could, in turn, have an 
adverse impact on the Irish Issuer or the holders of Notes. 
Save for registration with the trade register of the chamber of commerce in the Netherlands, 
the Dutch Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current 
securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities 
would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to the 
Dutch Issuer. There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions 
would not require the Dutch Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, 
commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those jurisdictions. Any requirement 
to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the Dutch Issuer and could give 
rise to circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the Notes, which may prove 
to be adverse to the holders of the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation in its jurisdiction of 
incorporation. If the Issuer were determined by the relevant authorities to be in violation of any 
such legislation, it could become subject to substantial criminal penalties. Any such violation 
could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made by the Issuer 
to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
2 
Additional risks relating to the Irish Issuer 
(a) 
Preferred creditors and floating charges under Irish law 
Depending on the level of control actually exercised by the Trustee, it is possible that security 
created by the Irish Issuer pursuant to the Security Documents would be regarded by the Irish 
courts as creating a floating charge. For further information see the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Irish Tax and Regulatory Considerations – Preferred creditors and floating 
charges under Irish law”. 
Under Irish law, floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(i) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge) and chargees of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(ii) 
they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain 
taxes on winding up even if crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up; 
(iii) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(iv) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by 
floating charges; and 
(v) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
If a fixed charge is recharacterised as a floating charge under Irish law, this may adversely 
affect the priority in which the relevant Noteholders may receive amounts owing to them upon 
the enforcement of security. 
(b) 
Examinership 
Examination is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the 
survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. For further information see the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Irish Tax and Regulatory Considerations – Examinership”. 
Noteholders should be aware that, if an examiner were appointed to the Irish Issuer, the 
following primary risks may have an impact on their investment in the Notes: 
(i) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the 
writing down or rescheduling of the debt due from the Irish Issuer to the Noteholders as 
secured by the Security Documents; 
(ii) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Transaction 
Documents prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Irish 
Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow to fund the Irish Issuer during the protection 
period; and

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
 
(iii) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Irish Issuer 
subsequently goes into liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses 
(including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on behalf of the Irish Issuer and 
approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over the monies and liabilities which 
from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable to each of the Noteholders 
under the Notes or the other Transaction Documents and which are secured by the 
security granted pursuant to the Security Documents. 
(c) 
Changes in Irish tax law 
To the extent that changes in Irish tax law or current interest withholding tax exemption 
conditions no longer being fulfilled result in imposition of a withholding tax, interest payments 
to Noteholders may be reduced by the amount of tax required to be withheld by the Irish Issuer. 
For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Irish Tax and 
Regulatory Considerations”. 
Interest payments on the Notes may be subject to Irish withholding tax if there is a change in 
Irish tax law or if the various exemption conditions set out in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Taxation – Irish Tax Considerations” are not fulfilled. The Irish Issuer is not obligated 
to gross up or otherwise compensate Noteholders for withholding taxes incurred. This may, 
therefore, affect the return which Noteholders receive on the Notes. 
Changes in Irish tax laws may adversely impact the Irish Issuer’s business and the value of 
the Noteholders’ investment. 
The Irish Issuer is treated as a securitisation vehicle which is taxed pursuant to Section 110 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (“TCA”). There is no guarantee that the tax treatment of an 
Irish securitisation company will not change in the future. The tax deductibility of the Irish 
Issuer’s interest costs will depend on the applicability of Section 110 TCA and the current 
revenue practice in relation to that matter. If these rules change this may have an impact on 
the return for Noteholders. 
Ireland’s Finance Act 2019 introduced some measures which may qualify the extent to which 
interest payable in respect of results-dependent securities may be deducted for Irish tax 
purposes. The measures provide that in some cases interest paid to persons which both, 
directly or indirectly, hold more than 20 per cent of any results-dependent securities issued by 
the Irish Issuer (or the interest payable in respect of them) and exercise ‘significant influence’ 
over the Irish Issuer may only be deducted for Irish tax purposes to the extent it is paid to a 
person that is resident in Ireland or otherwise within the charge to Irish corporation tax or the 
interest is subject to tax in a Member State of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a 
jurisdiction with which Ireland has a double tax treaty. The term ‘significant influence’ is defined 
as meaning an ability to participate in the financial and operating decisions of the Irish Issuer. 
The changes to the legislation came into force as of 1 January 2020. It remains to be seen how 
the measures will be applied in practice and, as a result, it is not clear who could be considered 
to exercise ‘significant influence’ over the Irish Issuer. 
(d) 
Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
Action 6 from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s project on Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model 
treaty provisions to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. 
Action 6 would be implemented into Irish double tax treaties by the inclusion of a principal

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
 
purpose test (“PPT”); namely, where it is reasonable to conclude, having regard to all relevant 
facts and circumstances for this purpose, that obtaining that benefit was one of the principal 
purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, 
unless it is established that granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance 
with the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the treaty. It is currently unclear how 
a PPT, if adopted, would be applied by either the tax authorities of those jurisdictions from 
which payments are made to the Irish Issuer. For further information see the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Irish Tax and Regulatory Considerations – Action Plan on Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting”. 
If the Irish Issuer is denied the benefit of a treaty entered into by Ireland because of the PTT, 
payments of interest on the Original Collateral by an Original Collateral Obligor to the Irish 
Issuer could become subject to a withholding or deduction for or on account of tax. This may 
constitute an Original Collateral Tax Event which would result in an early redemption of the 
Notes. 
(e) 
Impact of EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive II 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD I”) on 12 July 2016. The EU Council adopted Council 
Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD II” and, together with ATAD I, the “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017 to 
provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member 
states and third countries. For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Irish Tax and Regulatory Considerations – EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2”. 
3 
Risks relating to the Notes 
(a) 
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption 
The amount payable to a Noteholder upon an early redemption will be either: 
(i) 
where Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or where Noteholder 
Settlement Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and such Noteholder has 
elected or is deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, an 
amount per Note equal to the Early Cash Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
if Noteholder Settlement Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and such 
Noteholder does not elect or is not deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, an amount per Note equal to the Physical Redemption Amount. 
Where Classes are applicable in respect of a Series of Notes and the applicable Issue Terms 
specify that where one Class of Notes redeems early, all Classes of Notes shall redeem early 
(as further described below in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – All Classes 
of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Early Redemption Commencement Date that 
occurs in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only”), an Early Cash Redemption Amount shall 
be determined in respect of each Class of Notes. If, however, the applicable Issue Terms 
specify that one Class of Notes may redeem early without triggering the early redemption of all 
Classes of Notes: (i) the Swap Agreement will be deemed to comprise only the Swap 
Transaction in respect of the relevant Class and the portion of the Credit Support Annex relating 
thereto, (ii) where either of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty have a Credit Support Balance

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
 
under the Credit Support Annex, a proportion of such Credit Support Balance determined to 
relate to the Swap Transaction for the relevant Class shall be taken into account in determining 
an Unpaid Amount, and (iii) any early termination payment of the Swap Agreement payable by 
the Issuer shall be limited to the value of the portion of Original Collateral attributable to the 
relevant Class. 
The Noteholders will be paid such amounts and/or delivered such assets, as the case may be, 
after payment of any priority claims in accordance with the Conditions. There is no assurance 
that in such circumstances the proceeds and/or assets available following payment of any such 
priority claims will be sufficient to pay or deliver, as the case may be, in full the amounts that 
holders of the relevant Notes would expect to receive in the event that the Notes redeemed in 
accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date or that such holders will receive back the 
amount, or assets with a value equal to the amount, they originally invested. 
In both cases, the Noteholders will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral and the 
Swap Agreement (for a consideration of factors that may impact such values see the risk factor 
entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Market value of Notes” below). 
(b) 
Limited recourse obligations 
The Notes are direct, secured (or, in the case of the Irish Issuer, otherwise limited in recourse 
to specified assets), limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf 
of the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors. Payments due in respect of the Notes prior to 
redemption or acceleration thereof will be made solely out of amounts received by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgaged Property. The Issuer will have no other assets or 
sources of revenue available for payment of any of its obligations under the Notes. No 
assurance can be made that the proceeds available for and allocated to the repayment of the 
Notes at any particular time will be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be due 
and payable in respect of the Notes. If the proceeds of the realisation of the Security received 
by the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on or 
deliveries under the Notes, as the case may be, no other assets will be available for payment 
or delivery in respect of the shortfall, and, following distribution of the proceeds of such 
realisation, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in relation to the Notes shall be 
extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Further, only the Trustee may pursue remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer 
of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder 
shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a 
reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In addition, in respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to make payment or delivery of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or 
Instalment Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, no Secured Creditor 
may direct the Trustee to pursue any remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer 
of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons until the Relevant Payment Date, 
which is the tenth Reference Business Day after the Maturity Date. 
In addition, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in 
accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on or deliveries under the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Meetings of Noteholders, electronic consent and written resolutions 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally and to obtain written resolutions on matters relating to the 
Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and whose Notes are then outstanding will, 
for all purposes, be deemed to be an Extraordinary Resolution. In certain circumstances, where 
the Notes are held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled to 
rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) 
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communication 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion for the time being outstanding, and 
such electronic consents shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion duly 
convened and held. A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be 
effected in connection with any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the 
modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or 
participate in the written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written resolution). 
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Noteholders, (i) agree to 
certain modifications of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, 
the provisions of the Notes, (ii) determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such or (iii) agree to the substitution of another entity as principal debtor 
under any Notes in place of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders of the relevant Series, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee (i) may in certain circumstances and 
without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of any of the Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Transaction Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Conditions or 
any provision of the Transaction Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially 
prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders or (iii) may agree without the consent of the 
Noteholders to the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
 
place of the Issuer, subject to the prior written consent of the Swap Counterparty. Any such 
amendments and/or substitution could adversely affect the Notes and the Noteholders may 
suffer losses arising out of such amendments and/or substitutions. 
(e) 
Trustee indemnity and remuneration 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain 
actions in respect of a Series of Notes, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series 
becomes enforceable under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may 
require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is 
not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction it may decide not to take 
such action and such inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed. Consequently, the Noteholders would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or 
security and/or pre-funding or accept the consequences of such inaction by the Trustee. 
Noteholders should be prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or 
security and/or pre-funding and/or the consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. Such 
inaction by the Trustee will not entitle Noteholders to take action directly against the Issuer to 
pursue remedies for any breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons 
(although the events giving rise to the need for Trustee action might also permit the Noteholders 
to exercise certain rights directly under the Conditions). 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall pay the Trustee remuneration for its 
services. Such remuneration may reduce the amount payable to Noteholders. 
(f) 
Priority of claims 
During the term of the Notes, following a Liquidation or on an enforcement of the Security, the 
rights of the Noteholders to be paid amounts or delivered assets due under the Notes will be 
subordinated to (i) amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Credit Support 
Annex, (ii) (to the extent payable by the Issuer) the payment or satisfaction of all taxes owing 
by the Issuer, (iii) the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities due and payable to the 
Trustee including costs incurred in the enforcement of the Security (including any taxes to be 
paid, legal fees and remuneration) (iv) certain amounts owing to the Custodian, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and the other Agents in respect of reimbursement for sums paid by them in 
advance of receipt by them of the funds to make such payment and fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities, (v) fees of the Disposal Agent, (vi) any amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, (vii) (to the extent payable by the Issuer) fees of the 
Corporate Services Provider owing by the Issuer and (viii) any other claims as specified in the 
Conditions as may be amended by the Issue Deed relating to the relevant Series of Notes, that 
rank in priority to the Notes. Such subordination could significantly reduce the amount of 
available proceeds receivable by the Noteholders following the liquidation of the Collateral or 
on an enforcement of the Security. 
(g) 
No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in 
respect of the Notes (as a result of any Information Reporting Regime or otherwise), the 
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such 
withholding tax nor be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall. In certain circumstances, the 
imposition of such taxes or deductions for tax will result in the Notes being redeemed early at

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
 
their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating 
to the Notes – Early Redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below).  
(h) 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date 
pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) upon the occurrence of (i) certain 
tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral; (ii) certain events with respect 
to the Original Collateral (which, depending on what is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
may include the Original Collateral being called for redemption or repayment prior to its 
scheduled maturity date, a failure by the Original Collateral Obligor to call the Original Collateral 
for redemption or repayment, the Original Collateral becoming payable prior to its scheduled 
maturity, certain failures to make payments in respect of the Original Collateral, the conversion 
of the Original Collateral into another instrument or a redenomination of the currency in which 
the principal or interest of the Original Collateral is due to be paid); (iii) the termination of the 
Swap Agreement; (iv) a Trigger Event where the value of the Original Collateral and the Swap 
Agreement falls to or beneath a certain level; (v) certain regulatory events including (but not 
limited to) changes in any applicable law, regulation, regulatory guidance or interpretation after 
the Issue Date of the Notes as a result of which (including without limitation) (A) it is or will be 
unlawful or there is a reasonable likelihood that it would become unlawful for the Issuer to 
maintain or perform any of its obligations under the Notes or (B) the costs of the Issuer in 
complying with its obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed or its operating or 
administrative expenses are materially increased and the Issuer is unable to obtain the costs 
of such increase from another party; (vi) an illegality event; (vii) Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit 
Event; (viii) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, certain disruption events with 
respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate; (ix) certain disruption events with 
respect to a relevant Reference Rate; or (x) an Additional Redemption Event, if applicable, the 
specifics of which will be set out in the Issue Terms of the Notes.  
An event may constitute a Collateral Event for these purposes even if it occurs prior to the 
Issue Date, provided that it occurs on or after the Initial Trade Date. 
Where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes, a Collateral Event may occur in respect of one 
or more Collateral Components and, depending on the elections made in the relevant Issue 
Terms, this may result in (a) partial redemption of each Note to reflect the weighting of the 
Affected Collateral Component and, if other Collateral Components are liquidated in respect of 
such partial redemption (to make up a Shortfall Amount), the portion of such other Collateral 
Components liquidated or (b) redemption in full, notwithstanding that a Collateral Event may 
have only occurred in respect of a single Collateral Component. If, where “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, other Collateral Components are required to 
be liquidated to make up a Shortfall Amount but the liquidation of such other Collateral 
Components would result in there being no Original Collateral standing to the credit of the 
Custody Account, the Notes will early redeem in full. 
In addition, either the Noteholders and/or the Trustee (dependent on the relevant event and as 
specified in the Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of the Notes upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Notes, the occurrence of certain default 
events relating to the Original Collateral, upon the bankruptcy or certain other defaults of the 
Swap Counterparty or following receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent determining that 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event or a Reference Rate Redemption Event has occurred.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
 
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required to liquidate some or all of the 
Collateral and/or the Trustee may enforce the Security following the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event (as the case may be) and any Swap Agreement may terminate in 
accordance with its terms (for the impact of an early redemption on amounts payable to 
Noteholders, see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Amounts payable to 
Noteholders on early redemption” above). 
(i) 
Determinations of Swap termination payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap Agreement (if any), an early termination payment based 
on the losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a 
replacement transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the terms of such Swap Agreement) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty, or (as the case may be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement. Such payment will generally be determined by the Swap Counterparty save where 
it is in default. The determination of any such losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains will 
be dependent on a number of factors including, without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness and 
liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments, (ii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled termination date of 
the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and (iv) where a Credit Support Annex has 
been entered into as part of the Swap Agreement, the value of any collateral received by the 
Issuer, or collateral posted by the Issuer, thereunder. The determination of a termination 
payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, may 
significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders (see below). However, in determining a 
termination payment, the relevant party is required to act in good faith and to use commercially 
reasonable procedures to produce a commercially reasonable result. 
(j) 
Early redemption of the Notes following a termination of the Swap 
The Notes may be redeemed early pursuant to a termination of the Swap Agreement. The 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty can both terminate the Swap Agreement following the 
occurrence of certain events under the Swap Agreement which include the following: (i) failure 
of either party to make payments when due under the Swap Agreement; (ii) the bankruptcy of 
either party; (iii) misrepresentation (of the Swap Counterparty only); (iv) illegality; (v) the 
occurrence of a force majeure event; (vi) the occurrence of certain tax events, including a Tax 
Event Upon Merger (as defined in the Swap Agreement) and (vii) the occurrence of certain 
Additional Termination Events including (but not limited to) default of the Original Collateral, 
breach of specified covenants by the Issuer, service of an Early Redemption Notice in respect 
of the Notes the requirement of a party to make a deduction or withholding imposed pursuant 
to an Information Reporting Regime or Sections 871 or 881 of the Code and amendments to 
the Transaction Documents without the consent of the Swap Counterparty. 
(k) 
Suspension of payments upon a Sanctions Event 
In accordance with the provisions of Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of obligations 
following a Sanctions Event) Noteholders may be exposed to the risk that if any of the 
Noteholders, the Issuer, the Collateral, the Collateral Obligor, the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Dealer(s), the Custodian and/or the Swap Counterparty is subject to any 
Sanctions that result in a Sanctions Event, payments under the Notes to that Noteholder may 
be suspended and may be paid into a suspense account. If any such payments due to the 
Noteholders are paid into a suspense account, no interest shall accrue and in certain

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
 
circumstances, the Custodian may apply negative interest rates to any cash funds. As such, 
the amount due to Noteholders following a Sanctions Event End Date may be reduced by any 
negative interest. Prospective investors should note that (i) during the existence of a Sanctions 
Event Noteholders will have no right to take any action to compel the Trustee or the Issuer to 
take any action or enforce the Collateral and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
amounts (if any) due to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Sanctions Event and shall 
take into account events which have occurred during the suspension period corresponding to 
any Sanctions Event.  
None of the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall be required to monitor, enquire 
or satisfy itself as to whether any Sanctions Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the 
Calculation Agent shall not have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving 
any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any loss occasioned 
by the occurrence of a Sanctions Event.  
(l) 
All Classes of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Early Redemption 
Commencement Date that occurs in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, 
unless such Issue Terms also specify that “Independent Class Early Redemption” is applicable, 
any Early Redemption Commencement Date which applies in respect of one Class of Notes 
shall be deemed to apply to all Classes of Notes, and all of the Notes will be redeemed at their 
respective Early Cash Redemption Amount. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that 
all Notes may be redeemed notwithstanding that an Early Redemption Commencement Date 
has only occurred in respect of the other Class(es) of Notes. 
(m) 
All Classes of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Enforcement Notice in 
respect of certain Classes of Notes only  
Even where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes and “Independent Class Early 
Redemption” apply in respect of a Series, if an Enforcement Notice is delivered in respect of a 
Class of Notes, all other Class(es) of Notes shall redeem early and the Enforcement Notice 
shall be deemed to apply to all Class(es) of Notes. As such, Noteholders should be aware that 
where the Trustee enforces Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, all of 
the Security shall be enforced and all Class(es) of Notes shall redeem early, even where the 
Enforcement Event only relates to certain Class(es) of Notes.  
(n) 
Classes may be uncollateralised depending on whether the value of the Swap 
Transactions across the Series are positive or negative to the Issuer 
Where Classes apply in respect of a Series, a proportion of any Credit Support Balance of the 
Issuer that the Swap Transaction (where it is of a positive value) relating to any Class 
redeeming early to the Issuer bears to the total amount of Swap Transactions across the Series 
that are of a positive value to the Issuer shall be taken into account when determining an 
Unpaid Amount. Noteholders should be aware that as the Credit Support Balance of the Issuer 
will be shared out amongst the Swap Transactions (if any) under which the Issuer is exposed 
to the Swap Counterparty, where there are Swap Transactions that are of positive value to the 
Swap Counterparty, the Issuer will be less collateralised than would otherwise be the case, and 
will be exposed to the Swap Counterparty for the remaining amount. As such, if the Swap 
Counterparty is in bankruptcy, any such Classes being redeemed early that are of positive

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
 
value to the Issuer would be unsecured against the Swap Counterparty in respect of amounts 
owing in relation to the Early Redemption Amount. 
(o) 
Market value of Notes 
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral 
to the extent that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Credit Support Annex. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to (i) the value and volatility of the Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of any Collateral, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities or 
other obligations to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the 
creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to 
which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, 
interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date 
and (v) the nature and liquidity of the Swap Agreement or any other derivative transaction 
entered into by the Issuer or embedded in the Notes or the Collateral. Any price at which Notes 
may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the 
value at which the Notes were acquired on the Issue Date. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that not all market participants would determine 
prices in respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may 
be substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by a Dealer may not be representative of prices 
that may be provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or 
quoted by a Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon by prospective purchasers as 
establishing, or constituting advice by that Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value of the 
Notes. The price (if any) provided by a Dealer is at the absolute discretion of that Dealer and 
may be determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit. Any such price may take into 
account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into by that Dealer with a third party in 
respect of the Notes and that Dealer shall have no obligation to any Noteholder to disclose 
such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as of a particular date and time and 
would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values or any other factors relevant 
to the determination of the price. 
(p) 
Valuations and calculations derived from models 
Valuations or calculations in respect of Notes and certain asset classes of instruments 
comprising Collateral relating to Notes have typically been based on quoted market prices or 
market inputs. However, since 2007, actively traded markets for a number of such asset 
classes and obligors have either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or 
limited availability of such market prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make 
accurate valuations or calculations in respect of the Notes and such underlying instruments. 
No assurance can be given that similar impairment may not occur in the future. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on valuations 
derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are 
based on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the 
values or behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets 
generally or interpolate future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent 
of the market volatility and disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
 
significant degree or in extreme departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on 
historical data, in certain instances such data may only be available for relatively short time 
periods (for example, data with respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such data may 
not be as statistically representative as data for longer periods. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation 
relating to the Notes (including any instrument comprising Collateral relating to the Notes) that 
is determined by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating 
the model which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to 
those predicted by the model. 
(q) 
Listing may be discontinued 
The Issuer may discontinue any listing of the Notes or the Notes may be listed on another stock 
exchange or exchanges (which may or may not be EEA Regulated Markets and may or may 
not be in Western Europe). This could have adverse consequences for, and impact on, 
amounts payable to Noteholders. 
(r) 
Specified Denominations may involve integral multiples 
Notes may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral 
multiples of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case (i) for 
so long as the relevant Clearing Systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the 
minimum authorised denomination of the Specified Denomination and the Integral Multiples 
and (ii) it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified 
Denomination that are not Integral Multiples of the Specified Denomination. A Noteholder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts as contemplated in (ii) above, holds an amount which is 
less than the Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant Clearing System at the 
relevant time may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts 
to not less than the Specified Denomination in order to be able to transfer its Notes (subject in 
all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System). 
(s) 
Application of negative interest rates 
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds 
held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer which have been transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty to cover its credit risk under any Credit Support Annex or derive therefrom. To 
the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the amount of cash collateral held 
by the Issuer in respect of its exposure to the Swap Counterparty would be reduced. Whilst the 
application of any negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Swap Counterparty 
unless the Swap Agreement is terminated as a result of an Event of Default thereunder by 
either Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or as a result of a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit 
Event, where such a termination does occur as a result of such an Event of Default or 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could 
increase the amount to be claimed by the Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
(t) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. A decrease in 
market interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate of interest

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
 
payable on the Notes will remain unchanged. Conversely, an increase in market interest rates 
will have an adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
(u) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon payable by the Issuer is determined in part by 
reference to a designated interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source (including 
Floating Rate Notes) (each a “Reference Rate” for the purposes of such Notes): 
 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the level of 
the Reference Rate; 
 
during the term of the Notes, the Reference Rate may be lower than it was as at the 
Issue Date; and 
 
the Reference Rate may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may 
be less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and could be zero 
or less than zero. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they fully understand how the interest rate applicable 
to any Series is determined and, where a Reference Rate is relevant, how such Reference 
Rate is established and administered. See the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” below for a description of the 
risks relating to the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain Reference 
Rates. 
(v) 
Resolution of financial institutions 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any resolution regime 
may adversely affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of 
any implementing legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original 
Collateral Obligor) or the Swap Counterparty is within the scope of any implementing 
legislation: 
 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral or the Swap 
Agreement (as the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such 
person; 
 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any 
termination rights under the Swap Agreement; or 
 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap 
Agreement and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value 
may be different to the value that would have been determined by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty (as the case may be)).  
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions 
are complex and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor or the Swap Counterparty is likely to 
adversely affect the Notes in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any 
powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its 
obligations under the Notes or any Transaction Document for that Series, the Notes may be 
the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders 
may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it deems necessary to ensure 
that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
 
For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Considerations relating 
to the Resolution of Financial Institutions”.  
(w) 
Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to the Official List and admit them to 
trading on the Regulated Market or on another stock exchange, there is currently no secondary 
market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that a secondary market for any of the Notes 
will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the Notes 
with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Notes. Consequently, any investor in the 
Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until redemption 
of the Notes. If a Dealer begins making a market for the Notes, it is under no obligation to 
continue to do so and may stop making such a market at any time. 
In addition, any secondary market price for the Notes may not reflect any embedded fees 
and/or other additional costs or inducements included in the price paid for the Notes by initial 
investors. 
(x) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may result in investors receiving less 
interest or principal than expected 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the “Notes Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversion 
if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Notes Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Notes 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Notes Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
(y) 
Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event 
Reference Rates, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered 
Rate (“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates 
(LIBOR and EURIBOR, together with such other rates, “IBORs”), which are used to determine 
the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny and reform as to how 
they are created and operated. Pursuant to recommendations of the Financial Stability Board 
(the “FSB”), the FSB’s Official Sector Steering Group (“OSSG”) has been working with 
benchmark administrators to strengthen benchmarks for IBORs, and with financial institutions 
and other market participants to promote the development of alternative reference rates 
(“ARRs”) which will be used as replacements to IBORs. ARRs are in response to concerns 
over the sustainability of IBORs and the need to prepare markets for the suspension, 
discontinuance, non-representativeness or unavailability of one or more of the IBORs.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
 
Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented or 
formulated. The Programme contains fallback provisions relating to these reforms that may 
impact the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes, and/or lead to their early redemption, 
if certain events or circumstances have occurred, or subsequently occur, in connection with a 
relevant Reference Rate. 
 
The cessation or non-representativeness of LIBOR 
In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) announced that the FCA would 
no longer use its influence or legal powers to persuade or compel contributing banks to 
make LIBOR submissions after the end of 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced 
the future cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR benchmark settings 
then being published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised 
and regulated administrator of LIBOR (the announcement being the “FCA 
Announcement”). The FCA Announcement follows the notification by IBA that it intends 
to cease providing all LIBOR settings for all currencies, subject to any rights of the FCA 
to compel IBA to continue publication. In accordance with the FCA Announcement: 
 
publication of all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot 
next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the 
overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-
week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 
2021;  
 
publication of the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease 
immediately after 30 June 2023;  
 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month 
Japanese yen LIBOR and sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative 
of the underlying market and economic reality that such setting is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored; and 
 
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that such setting is intended to measure and that representativeness will 
not be restored. 
The FCA also indicated that (I) it will consult or continue consulting on using its proposed 
new powers to require IBA to continue the publication on a ‘synthetic’ basis of the 1-
month, 3-month, 6-month sterling LIBOR and Japanese yen LIBOR for a further period 
after the end of 2021, and will continue to consider the case for requiring IBA to continue 
publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings for a further 
period after the end of June 2023, taking into account views and evidence from the US 
authorities and other stakeholders and (II) publication of certain LIBOR settings on a 
‘synthetic’ basis would be intended to assist legacy contract holders and new use of this 
‘synthetic’ LIBOR by UK regulated firms would be restricted. 
The FCA Announcement may already constitute a Reference Rate Event at time of issue 
in respect of any Reference Rate relating to a Series of Notes that is a LIBOR setting. 
The consequences of the occurrence of the Reference Rate Event and its potential 
impact on the value of the Notes are set out in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to 
the Notes – Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event” below.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
 
 
ARRs 
Relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs and have 
identified ARRs to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. 
These ARRs include (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”), (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), and (iii) 
for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).  
ARRs are “backward-looking” such that interest payments are calculated shortly before 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. Therefore, Noteholders will have significantly less 
notice of the amounts due to be paid for an Interest Period where the relevant interest 
rate is determined by reference to an ARR. Forward-looking ARRs are not generally 
available as of the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty that they will 
be available in respect of any currency or any particular product in the future. 
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, ARRs are 
overnight rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. However, ARRs are 
comparatively new and less historical data is available than for IBORs. As such, 
Noteholders should be aware that SONIA, SOFR and €STR may behave materially 
differently from the IBORs as interest reference rates and could provide a worse return 
over time than an IBOR. 
 
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights 
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series 
reference a Reference Rate, prospective investors should understand (i) what fallbacks 
might apply in place of such Reference Rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be 
triggered and (iii) what amendment rights (if any) exist under the terms of such Notes 
and Swap Agreement. Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences 
of similar events occurring in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor 
entitled “Risks relating to the Collateral – Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption 
Event” below. 
 
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If a Series references a Reference Rate, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event 
might have already occurred at the time of issue of such Series or may occur in the 
future in respect of such Reference Rate. A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur 
if (A) the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or 
indefinitely, (B) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary 
authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under applicable law for one or more 
persons to perform their obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions 
entered into by the Swap Counterparty, (C) the Reference Rate is, with respect to over-
the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject 
of any market-wide development pursuant to which such Reference Rate is replaced 
with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, (D) the regulatory 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes a public 
statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future 
date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that 
the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be 
restored, such statement being made in the awareness that it will engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
 
supervisor or (E) if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of 
calculating the Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date 
will materially change.  
It may be uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a 
Reference Rate. Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Investors should be aware that if “Material Change Event” is specified to be not 
applicable in the Issue Terms, a change (whether material or not) to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such 
Reference Rate will not, in itself, constitute a Reference Rate Event unless, with respect 
to Notes issued by way of Alternative Drawdown Document only, otherwise specified in 
the applicable Alternative Drawdown Document. Each Noteholder will bear the risks 
arising from any such change and will not be entitled to any form of compensation as a 
result of any such change. 
 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect 
of a relevant Reference Rate, it will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, 
(B) calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate 
(an “Adjustment Spread”) and (C) determine such other amendments which it 
considers are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by 
the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).  
Investors should be aware that (I) the application of any alternative Reference Rate 
(notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any 
consequential amendments, could result in the relevant interest rate being determined 
on a different day than originally intended and/or a lower amount being payable to 
Noteholders than would otherwise have been the case, (II) any such Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any consequential amendments shall apply 
without requiring the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and (III) if no 
alternative Reference Rate can be identified or Adjustment Spread calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Conditions, the Notes will be the subject of an 
early redemption. There is no guarantee that an alternative Reference Rate will be 
identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Determination of alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread 
When identifying alternative Reference Rates, the Calculation Agent may only have 
regard to (A) any alternative specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (B) Reference 
Rates that are recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions. If both an alternative Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and an industry standard replacement Reference 
Rate exists, the alternative Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms will 
take precedence.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
 
The Adjustment Spread shall (I) take account of any transfer of economic value that 
would otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant Reference Rate under the 
Conditions, including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty (or vice versa) as a result of any changes made to the Swap Agreement 
as a consequence of such replacement and (II) reflect any losses, expenses and costs 
that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap Counterparty as a result of entering 
into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, which actions 
arose from the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, negative or zero or 
determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Where the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is determined in accordance 
with Master Condition 7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) by reference to 
an ISDA Rate, if the Reference Rate Event would constitute an index cessation event 
under the ISDA Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of 
Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions), then the fallback provisions of the 
ISDA Definitions (including the fallback spread adjustment published by Bloomberg) 
shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when determining any Replacement 
Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. Given the different factors that will inform the 
Adjustment Spread, it may differ from the relevant fallback spread adjustment published 
by Bloomberg in respect of the relevant Reference Rate. 
 
Interim measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event and provided that the Notes are not to be 
redeemed early as a result thereof, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Notes before the adjustments referred to above have 
occurred, then: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative, and it is still permitted 
under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, 
the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate 
Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available, the Reference Rate is non-
representative or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall 
be determined by reference to the level on the last day on which the rate was 
published, representative or could be used in accordance with applicable law or 
regulation, meaning that during this period determinations in respect of the Notes 
would be made by reference to a static rate that could depart significantly from 
prevailing market rates. 
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series 
reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event has occurred 
or is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be 
aware of the potential consequences of such a Reference Rate Event described above. 
Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
 
occurring in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor entitled “Risks relating 
to the Collateral – Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event” below. 
(z) 
Impact of increased regulation 
The global financial crisis led to materially increased involvement of governmental and 
regulatory authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In 
particular, governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions (including the 
United States of America, the United Kingdom and the European Union) have imposed stricter 
laws and regulations around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend 
to impose such controls in the future. Such regulatory changes have had, and future regulatory 
reforms may have, a significant impact on the operation of the financial markets, including 
impacts on the operations of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty and the other 
Transaction Parties as well as the value of the Notes. Consequences may include the early 
redemption of the Notes following the occurrence of certain regulatory events (as described in 
the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax 
or other reasons” above). 
(aa) CREST Depository Interests (“CDIs”) 
If the Issuer intends to permit interests in a Series of Notes to be held through CREST 
Depository Interests to be issued by the CREST Depository (as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) investors in CDIs will not be the legal owners of the Notes to which such CDIs relate 
(such Notes being “Underlying Notes”). CDIs are separate legal instruments from the 
Underlying Notes and represent indirect interests in the interests of the CREST International 
Nominee Limited (the “CREST Nominee”) in such Underlying Notes. CDIs will be issued by 
the CREST Depository to investors and will be governed by English law. 
The Underlying Notes (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Underlying Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the 
Underlying Notes through the relevant clearing system. Rights in the Underlying Notes will be 
held through custodial and depositary links through the relevant clearing system. The legal title 
to the Underlying Notes or to interests in the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the 
relevant clearing system in or through which the Underlying Notes are held. 
Rights in respect of the Underlying Notes and, by extension, the Collateral relating to such 
Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by holders of CDIs except indirectly through the CREST 
Depository and CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the 
intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in 
respect of the Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments 
that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Notes in the event of any 
insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Notes 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other 
securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
If a matter arises that requires a vote of Noteholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements 
to permit the holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
 
the CREST Nominee in respect of the Underlying Notes. However, there is no guarantee that 
it will be possible to put such voting arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Holders of CDIs will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual (November 2014) issued by 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited and as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time 
to time (the “CREST Manual”) and the CREST Rules (contained in the CREST Manual) 
applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service. Holders of CDIs must comply 
in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
Investors in CDIs should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual 
and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be 
given by holders of CDIs and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of 
the CDIs. Holders of CDIs may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, 
warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. 
Investors in CDIs should note that holders of CDIs may be required to pay fees, charges, costs 
and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the Underlying Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Investors in CDIs should note that none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any Agent 
will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders acting in connection with CDIs or for the respective 
obligations of such intermediaries, participants or accountholders under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations. 
4 
Risks relating to the Collateral 
(a) 
Collateral 
The Collateral relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In 
the event of an insolvency of the issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral, various 
insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit 
the amount the Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such Collateral. 
If the Issuer has entered into a Credit Support Annex as part of its Swap Agreement, by virtue 
of the collateral requirements applicable to any such arrangements the Collateral held by it 
from time to time may comprise assets other than, or in addition to the Original Collateral, or 
may comprise less Collateral than the amount held by it on the Issue Date, as assets will be 
required to be delivered by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty which have an aggregate value 
(after the application of the relevant valuation percentage haircut specified in the Credit Support 
Annex) at least equal to the exposure that the Issuer has to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement. Where the Issuer holds other or additional assets, the types of assets that 
may comprise Collateral may be diverse and may be less liquid and more volatile than the 
Original Collateral. If pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Annex, cash is posted to the 
Issuer (which will be credited to the Issuer’s Cash Account with the Custodian), interest (if any) 
will accrue in accordance with the Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
 
may be positive (in which case interest will be credited to the Cash Account) or negative (in 
which case interest will be debited from the Cash Account). 
The outstanding principal amount of the Original Collateral held on behalf of the Issuer may 
also be reduced from time to time (to an amount not less than zero) to the extent that Original 
Collateral is required to be transferred to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Credit Support 
Annex. This will occur if the Swap Agreement increases in value from the Swap Counterparty’s 
perspective. The principal amount of the Original Collateral shall also be reduced by an amount 
equal to the Collateral Component which has matured. 
If Notes redeem other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date, the Collateral relating 
thereto will be sold or otherwise liquidated (except where otherwise transferred in accordance 
with the Conditions). No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or 
liquidation of such Collateral at that time since the market value of such Collateral will be 
affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers 
and obligors of the Collateral, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange 
rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the Collateral and (iv) the liquidity of 
the Collateral. Accordingly, the price at which such Collateral is sold or liquidated may be at a 
discount (which could be substantial) to the market value of the Collateral on the Issue Date 
and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when taken together with the proceeds of 
termination of any related Swap Agreement and any other assets available to the Issuer that 
relate to the relevant Series of Notes may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of principal 
of and interest on the relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive in 
the event that the Notes were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
The Arranger and the Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral and they shall 
not be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any of the other Transaction Parties. 
Original Collateral can be collateral issued by Credit Suisse International and/or one of its 
Affiliates. In such circumstances Noteholders will be subject to the credit risk of Credit Suisse 
International and/or its Affiliates. 
(b) 
Substitution of Original Collateral 
A Noteholder holding more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of outstanding Notes may, if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, request a substitution of any Original Collateral with a 
nominal amount of new collateral obligations which fulfil the criteria specified in the relevant 
applicable Issue Terms. Upon effective delivery of a valid Substitution Notice to the Disposal 
Agent, the Disposal Agent shall Liquidate the Substituted Original Collateral and the Issuer 
shall use such net proceeds of Liquidation to purchase the Replacement Collateral Obligations. 
The net proceeds of Liquidation of the Substituted Original Collateral may not be sufficient to 
purchase the nominal amount of Replacement Collateral Obligations specified in the relevant 
Substitution Notice, and in such a case the aggregate nominal amount of Original Collateral 
after such substitution may be more or less than the aggregate nominal amount of Original 
Collateral prior to such substitution. 
(c) 
Original Collateral subordination 
The Original Collateral relating to any Notes may comprise direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In the event of any dissolution,

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
 
liquidation or winding up of the Original Collateral Obligor, in bankruptcy or otherwise, the 
payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Original Collateral will be 
subordinated to the prior payment in full of all the Original Collateral Obligor’s present and 
future unsubordinated creditors. As a result of the subordinated nature of such Original 
Collateral, the value attributed thereto by dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less 
than the value attributed to unsubordinated debt obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. 
In particular, the value of such Original Collateral will be affected in the event that the Original 
Collateral Obligor is or is likely to be dissolved, liquidated or wound up (which may occur in 
conjunction with an Original Collateral Default) and could be zero. The value of the Original 
Collateral is an integral component of the Early Cash Redemption Amount that will be payable 
on the Notes were they to be redeemed early and will directly impact the return of the 
Noteholders upon early redemption. 
(d) 
Original Collateral correlation risk 
The Collateral Obligor of any Original Collateral relating to a Series of Notes may be an Affiliate 
of Credit Suisse International, which undertakes a number of roles in respect of the Notes 
including the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent and the Swap Counterparty. If a Collateral 
Event were to occur with respect to the Original Collateral in respect of which an Affiliate of 
Credit Suisse International is the Collateral Obligor, each of the Calculation Agent, the Disposal 
Agent and the Swap Counterparty may be required to take certain actions in order to facilitate 
the Issuer to meet its obligations on the Notes. In certain of such circumstances (most likely 
where the Collateral Event occurs as a result of an Original Collateral Default), Credit Suisse 
International may not be able to take one or more of such actions and replacement agents may 
need to be appointed. Any delay or failure to appoint such a replacement may have adverse 
consequences for the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Suspension of payments under the Notes and the Swap Agreement during the 
Suspension Period 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be suspended pursuant to the 
provisions of Master Condition 8(q) (Suspension of payments) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may amount to a Collateral Event following the expiration of 
any applicable grace period. During the Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no 
payments on account of principal and/or interest under the Notes; and (ii) neither the Issuer 
nor the Swap Counterparty shall make any payments under the Swap Agreement (provided 
that if the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes such suspension shall relate to a proportion of 
each Note corresponding to such Note’s pro rata share of the notional amount of the Affected 
Collateral Component to which such suspension relates). 
If a Collateral Event (i) occurs during the Suspension Period (which will be a period of ten 
Business Days or such other length of time specified in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable) 
then no further payments will be made under the Notes in respect of principal and/or interest 
and the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Cash Redemption Amount (provided that if the 
Notes are Collateral Basket Notes such redemption and cessation of interest shall relate to a 
proportion of each Note corresponding to such Note’s pro rata share of the notional amount of 
the Affected Collateral Component) or (ii) has not occurred on the last day of the Suspension 
Period, any principal and/or interest amount which would otherwise have been payable will be 
payable on the second Business Day following the earlier of (i) last day of such Suspension

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49 
 
Period or (ii) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the events which may 
have resulted in the Collateral Event have been remedied or no longer exist. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive any further payments as a result of such suspension 
and the corresponding delay in payment of any principal and/or interest amount. 
(f) 
Likelihood of Original Collateral Default 
The likelihood of a Collateral Event occurring in respect of any Original Collateral will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the 
Original Collateral Obligor, general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial 
markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in 
prevailing interest rates. An investor’s investment is at risk and if a Collateral Event occurs in 
respect of (i) any Original Collateral, at least a proportion of an investor’s investment 
corresponding to such Original Collateral will be at risk (which, unless the Notes are Collateral 
Basket Notes, will be the entire amount) and (ii) in the case of Collateral Basket Notes each 
Collateral Component comprising the Original Collateral, the whole of an investor’s investment 
is at risk. Prospective investors should review the Original Collateral Obligor and conduct their 
own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of the Original Collateral 
Obligor and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Collateral Event with respect to the Original 
Collateral Obligor. 
(g) 
No claim against any Original Collateral Obligor 
The Notes will not represent a claim against the Original Collateral Obligor and, in the event of 
any loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the Notes to the Original Collateral Obligor. 
In particular, Noteholders will not have: 
(i) 
the right to vote or give or withhold from giving any consent in relation to any obligation of 
any Original Collateral Obligor(s); 
(ii) 
the right to receive any coupons, fees or other distributions which may be paid by any Original 
Collateral Obligor(s) to holders of any debt obligations thereof; or 
(iii) 
the right to receive any information from the Original Collateral Obligor(s). 
Accordingly, an investment in the Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the Original Collateral. 
(h) 
Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Series specify that 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” is applicable and an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or replacement of any interest rate, index, 
benchmark or price source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original 
Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a notice to the Issuer requiring it 
to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or (ii) redeem the Notes. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments”) must be to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains 
incurred by the Swap Counterparty, which will typically be determined by reference to any 
difference between the cash flows under the Original Collateral and any transactions in place 
to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement which have resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption 
Event. If there are no such hedge transactions, the Original Collateral Disruption Event

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50 
 
Losses/Gains will include any change to the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original 
Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of the Original Collateral following the occurrence of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
The Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or 
principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Original Collateral Disruption Event may not be beneficial 
to the Noteholders. 
(i) 
Emerging Market risk 
An investment in a Series of Notes may, as a result of the nature of the Collateral, the 
jurisdiction of a Collateral Obligor or the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity, represent an 
investment in, among other things, emerging markets (“Emerging Markets”). Emerging 
Markets are located in countries that possess one or more of the following characteristics: a 
certain degree of political instability, relatively unpredictable financial markets and economic 
growth patterns, a financial market that is still at the development stage or a weak economy. 
Emerging Markets investments usually result in higher risk such as political risks, economical 
risks, credit risks, exchange rate risks, market liquidity risks, legal risks, settlement risks, 
market risks, shareholder risks and creditor risks which could adversely impact the Notes and 
the Noteholders could suffer losses as a result. 
(j) 
Bail-in eligible debt 
Original Collateral may comprise bail-in eligible debt. Such Original Collateral may be subject 
to the resolution regime under the local regulations of the relevant Original Collateral Obligor 
and, consequently, to the broad statutory powers in the case of restructuring proceedings of 
the relevant local regulators (“Local Regulators”), which could adversely affect holders of the 
Notes. Relevant banking laws provide the Local Regulators with broad powers and discretion 
in the case of resolution procedures with respect to banks. In such resolution procedures, Local 
Regulators may require the conversion of the Original Collateral into equity and/or a partial or 
full write-off of such Original Collateral. In such case, the Issuer as a holder of such Original 
Collateral would lose all or some of its investment in that Original Collateral. Where Local 
Regulators order the conversion of any Original Collateral into equity, the securities received 
may be worth significantly less than such Original Collateral and may have a significantly 
different risk profile. 
(k) 
Collateral Basket Notes 
Where the Collateral Basket Product Supplement is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms the Notes will be Collateral Basket Notes and the Original Collateral will comprise 
separate Collateral Components and as such a Collateral Event may occur in respect of one 
or more Collateral Components, resulting in one of the following:  
(i) 
the partial redemption of each Collateral Basket Note to reflect the weighting of the 
Affected Collateral Component and, where elected in the relevant Issue Terms, if other 
Collateral Components are liquidated in respect of such partial redemption to make up 
a shortfall amount, a portion of the weighting of the Collateral Components to reflect the 
additional amount so liquidated; or  
(ii) 
the redemption in full of each Collateral Basket Note, notwithstanding that a Collateral 
Event may not have occurred in respect of the other Collateral Component(s),

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51 
 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(l) 
Determination of Partial Swap Value and/or Shortfall Partial Swap Value 
The Partial Swap Value (used, for Collateral Basket Notes where “Partial Unwind” or “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, to determine the Partial Swap 
Gain or Partial Swap Loss following the occurrence of a Collateral Event) and the Shortfall 
Partial Swap Value (where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and provided that a Collateral Exhaustion 
Event would not occur, to determine the Shortfall Partial Swap Gain or Shortfall Partial Swap 
Loss following the occurrence of a Collateral Event) are amounts determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the 
Swap Agreement (that would be payable either by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (which 
will be a “Partial Swap Loss” and a “Shortfall Partial Swap Loss”, as applicable) or by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (which will be a “Partial Swap Gain” and a “Shortfall Partial 
Swap Gain”, as applicable)) under the Swap Agreement upon a termination of the Swap 
Agreement on the Early Valuation Date. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of an Early Termination Amount may, without 
limitation, involve the Calculation Agent (i) valuing components of the Swap Transaction that 
are traded in the market and/or (ii) using financial models to determine the value of the Swap 
Transaction. Financial models are typically simplified projections of what is expected to occur 
in practice and are likely to contain certain assumptions which may or may not be accurate. 
Different financial institutions may use different financial models to value the same asset, which 
may result in diverging valuations for such asset. For the purpose of determining the Partial 
Swap Value and/or, if applicable, the Shortfall Partial Swap Value, the Calculation Agent shall 
take into account the fact that the Swap Counterparty’s claim against the Issuer under any 
replacement transaction would be limited in recourse to the prevailing market value of the 
relevant amount of the Mortgaged Property at that time. Such limited recourse nature could 
result in a lower Partial Swap Value or Shortfall Partial Swap Value, as applicable, than would 
otherwise be the case absent limited recourse. If a Partial Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer, 
the Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders will be lower than would otherwise be 
the case. 
If, where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, a Partial Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer on the early 
termination of the Swap Agreement in connection with the redemption of the Notes following a 
Collateral Event and the net proceeds of Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component are 
less than such Partial Swap Loss, an amount of Additional Collateral will be liquidated such 
that the net proceeds of Liquidation and the value of the Swap Agreement relating to such 
amount of Additional Collateral are at least equal to the Shortfall Amount. In such 
circumstances, the partial redemption of each Note will reflect a portion of the weighting of 
each of the Additional Collateral so liquidated (not just the Affected Collateral Component). For 
the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances the amount of the Additional Collateral so 
liquidated will no longer form part of the Original Collateral in respect of the Notes and the 
Weighting of any Collateral Component from which Additional Collateral has been Liquidated 
shall be reduced by the relevant Additional Collateral Weighting. If a Partial Swap Loss or 
Shortfall Partial Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer, the Early Redemption Amount payable to 
Noteholders will be lower than would otherwise be the case.

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52 
 
5 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes  
The following risks apply only to those Notes in respect of which the CLN Conditions Product 
Supplement is specified as applicable in the relevant Alternative Drawdown Document. 
(a) 
Exposure to Reference Entities, Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying 
Obligations, 
Underlying 
Obligors, 
Reference 
Obligations 
and Deliverable 
Obligations 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms, investors in Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to the credit risks and other risks associated with each relevant Reference Entity and 
their Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying Obligations, Underlying Obligors, Reference 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations and any relevant jurisdictional risks. 
Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs are linked to the credit risk of more than one Reference 
Entity and the likelihood of a Credit Event occurring and the risk of loss of principal or loss of 
interest on a Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN may therefore be greater than for a Single 
Name CLN which is linked to the credit risk of only one Reference Entity. With respect to First-
to-Default Basket CLNs and First Default Linear Basket CLNs, a Credit Event in respect of just 
one Reference Entity in the basket will (subject, in the case of First-to-Default Basket CLNs, to 
the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event following which the Swap Counterparty 
elects to only partially redeem the relevant transaction, if applicable) lead to the redemption in 
full of the Credit Linked Notes. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of any of 
the Reference Entities referenced by a Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN will differ for each 
Reference Entity and prospective investors should conduct their own analysis of the credit risk 
of each of the multiple Reference Entities for the relevant Basket CLN or Index Linked CLN. 
Further, in respect of Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs, the credit risk to Noteholders may 
be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to 
similar financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
The risk that the Noteholders bear in relation to the Credit Linked Notes is a function of both 
the risk of a Credit Event occurring in respect of the Reference Entity or Entities and the risk 
relating to the amount that may be recovered following such Credit Event. Where a Credit 
Event results in a high recovery rate, the Noteholders will incur a relatively small loss. 
Conversely, where a Credit Event results in a low recovery rate, Noteholders will incur a larger 
loss. 
(b) 
Synthetic exposure 
Prospective investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes do not represent a claim against 
any Reference Entity and, in the event of any loss, investors in Credit Linked Notes will not 
have recourse under the Credit Linked Notes to any Reference Entity nor shall a Noteholder 
have any legal, beneficial or other interest whatsoever in any of the Reference Entity 
Obligations, the Reference Obligations, the Valuation Obligations or the Deliverable 
Obligations relating to a Credit Linked Note. The Issuer is not obliged to own or hold any 
Reference Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation, and no inference may be drawn from the 
Programme, the Additional CLN Conditions or any relevant Issue Terms that the Issuer holds 
any such Reference Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation or has any credit exposure to 
any Reference Entity. Amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes are not, in any direct or 
indirect way, limited by, associated with, or linked or calculated by reference to, any loss of

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53 
 
bargain, cost of funding or any other actual loss or cost suffered by the Issuer as a result of its 
holding or not holding any Reference Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation. Amounts 
received by holders of Credit Linked Notes may be lower than would have been the case if the 
Issuer, or the investor directly, were to hold the Reference Entity, Reference Entity Obligation 
or Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Credit Events 
Prospective investors should note that not all Credit Events have easily ascertainable triggers 
and disputes can and have arisen as to whether a specific event did or did not constitute a 
Credit Event. However, under the Credit Linked Notes and subject to any determinations made 
by Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (each, a “CDDC”) and/or DC Administration 
Services, Inc. in its capacity as secretary to any CDDC (“DCAS”) which will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Calculation Agent, the CDDC, DCAS and/or the Swap 
Counterparty’s determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Noteholders), 
notwithstanding the disagreement of such persons or other financial institutions, rating 
agencies or commentators. 
The occurrence or non-occurrence of a Credit Event will directly and materially affect the return 
and/or the value of the investor’s investment in the Notes. The likelihood of a Credit Event 
occurring in respect of any Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among other things, 
the financial condition and other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general economic 
conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends 
in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Public information which is 
available in relation to any Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out-of-date. 
Unless, in accordance with the Additional CLN Conditions, the CDDC and/or DCAS makes a 
DC Credit Event Announcement or a DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Swap 
Counterparty is bound by such determination, the Swap Counterparty has the right to serve a 
Credit Event Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in respect of a 
Reference Entity. The Swap Counterparty cannot make such determination without some 
information to support its determination that a Credit Event has occurred and where a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information is applicable it must cite Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice.  
The Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) are effective 
when delivered to the Issuer. The delivery of or failure to deliver copies of a Credit Event Notice 
and Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) to Noteholders will not affect the 
effectiveness of such notices. 
(d) 
Risk of loss of principal 
Investors bear the risk of loss of principal if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination 
Date occur. The Early Cash Redemption Amount payable under the Notes following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date in accordance with 
Additional CLN Conditions 6 (Auction Redemption Terms), 7 (Cash Redemption Terms) and 
10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), in respect of a Series of Notes (or, in the case of (i) 
Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) all Credit Linked Notes, if 
the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, an amount equal to the

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54 
 
Applicable Proportion is likely to be less than the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and may be zero. 
See also the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes – Risks relating to the 
Credit Event redemption method” below. 
(e) 
Risk of loss of Interest 
Save as otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms, if a Credit Event occurs, interest will 
cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes (or, in the case of (i) Linear Basket CLNs or Index 
Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity and (ii) if the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 
an amount equal to the Applicable Proportion as at the Interest Payment Date (or Interest 
Commencement Date where no Interest Payment Date has occurred) occurring on or 
immediately preceding the relevant Event Determination Date. 
(f) 
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make interest payments under the Notes 
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (i) an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and no 
corresponding DC Resolution has been published or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that 
factors exist which may amount to a Credit Event, then the payment of interest (if any) under 
the Credit Linked Notes will be suspended (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Index 
Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference 
Entity in respect of which a potential Credit Event may occur). Noteholders will not receive 
payment of such suspended interest amount until (i) an Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal is made; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has not occurred or (iii) that an Event 
Determination Date has occurred but such Event Determination Date occurred after the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to which the interest payment was suspended. The 
Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount five Reference Business Days 
following the date on which the relevant determination under (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable, was 
made. No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in 
connection with the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event 
Determination Date falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended 
interest amount will no longer be due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed 
to cease to accrue on the Notes (or, in the case of Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a 
portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity) 
from and including the Interest Payment Date (or, the Interest Commencement Date if there is 
no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) immediately preceding such Event 
Determination Date. 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event 
is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the proportion of the suspended interest amount which 
relates to (i) the Applicable Proportion shall no longer be due under the Notes and will be 
deemed to have ceased to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date (or, the 
Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date and (ii) the remaining suspended

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55 
 
interest amount will be paid to Noteholders five Reference Business Days following the date 
on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
(g) 
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make principal payments under the Notes 
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements) if following the 
occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Early Redemption 
Date or, if applicable, an Auction Final Price Determination Date or a Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date, in respect of a Reference Entity an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement has been made any obligation to redeem the Notes in whole or in part shall be 
suspended until the date of an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. 
(h) 
Early Cash Redemption Amount in respect of Credit Linked Notes following a Credit 
Event 
If a Credit Event occurs with respect to any Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes will fall due for redemption at an amount equal in aggregate to the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount and no further payments of interest and/or principal in respect of 
the Applicable Proportion of such Notes will be due and payable. The Early Cash Redemption 
Amount is, in respect of Credit Linked Notes and the Applicable Proportion, an amount 
determined with respect to the Series (or, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
Classes apply, each Class) of Notes, in the Specified Currency (although, for the avoidance of 
doubt, each component of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined in the Base 
Currency, with the final amount converted into the Specified Currency once all determinations 
are made) by the Calculation Agent which will take into account (a) the Collateral Proceeds, 
(b) the Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss, (c) the Credit Event Loss Amount, and (d) 
where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, any interest amount to be transferred to 
the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance from time to time (if any) 
within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance which, where Classes apply, the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, is attributable to the Swap 
Transaction relating to each Class of Notes being redeemed. For a description of “Applicable 
Proportion”, please refer to “What is the Applicable Proportion?” of the Annex to the CLN 
Conditions Product Supplement Frequently Asked Questions on page 260 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss reflects the early termination amount that the 
Calculation Agent determines would be payable to the Issuer (in the case of an Affected Swap 
Gain) or by the Issuer (in the case of an Affected Swap Loss) upon the early termination of the 
Swap Agreement. The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss takes into account, among 
other things, (i) the scheduled payments under the Notes; (ii) the scheduled payments under 
the Original Collateral which determine the amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement; and (iii) the limited recourse nature of the Swap 
Agreement in respect of the Issuer’s obligations thereunder. Where Classes apply, the Affected 
Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss in respect of each Class of Notes will be valued separately, 
in the Base Currency for such Class, and a relevant portion of the Credit Support Annex will be 
similarly attributed to each Class of Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56 
 
(i) 
Risks relating to the Credit Event redemption method 
The Credit Event redemption method (i.e. one of “Auction Redemption”, “Cash Redemption” or 
“Fixed Recovery Redemption”) specified in the relevant Issue Terms will affect how the Credit 
Linked Notes are redeemed. Prospective investors should assess whether the Credit Event 
Redemption Method is appropriate for them prior to investing in the Credit Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
If “Auction Redemption” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the amounts payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under the Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Obligation will be 
determined in accordance with the Auction Final Price. This may result in a lower 
recovery value than a Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would have if such 
Auction Final Price had not been used. 
If a CDDC and/or DCAS does not decide to conduct an Auction with respect to 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity satisfying the relevant characteristics as set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms, then Cash Redemption shall apply. In such 
circumstances, the Value of the Valuation Obligations will be determined using 
Quotations in respect of the Deliverable Obligations. 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Auction Final Price may be 
determined by reference to the value of the Asset Package received or retained by a 
Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond in connection with such Asset Package Credit Event. Such Asset Package may be 
worth significantly less than the original Package Observable Bond prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event and may result in a significantly lower Early Cash Redemption 
Amount being paid out to Noteholders than would have been the case following the 
relevant Credit Event had the Auction Final Price ben determined only by reference to 
Deliverable Obligations. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
If “Cash Redemption” applies with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (which will be the 
case when Auction Redemption is not possible), the Calculation Agent will value the 
Reference Obligation or any other obligation of the Reference Entity fulfilling certain 
criteria including the Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics by asking for Quotations from Quotation Dealers. The date, time and 
method of such auction, and the selection of the Reference Obligation, will impact the 
Value of the Valuation Obligations. The Quotation Dealers selected by the Calculation 
Agent must be financial institutions, funds or other entities that purchase or deal in 
obligations similar to the Reference Obligation; however, the Quotation Dealers have no 
duty towards any Noteholder and may not be aware that the purpose of the auction is to 
determine a Value of the Valuation Obligations for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes 
or any other Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should note that the Value of the Valuation Obligations determined pursuant to 
a dealer poll may be significantly different to any Auction Final Price.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57 
 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations may be determined by reference to the value of the Asset Package received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond which would otherwise have been valued in order to determine the 
Value of the Valuation Obligations. Such Asset Package may be worth significantly less 
than the original Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond prior to such 
Asset Package Credit Event and may result in a significantly lower Early Cash 
Redemption Amount being paid out to Noteholders than would have been the case 
following the relevant Credit Event had the Value of the Valuation Obligations been 
determined only by reference to Deliverable Obligations. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, the 
return a Noteholder receives under the Notes (or if the Notes are Linear Basket CLNs 
or Index Linked CLNs, in respect of a proportion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
attributable to the relevant Reference Entity) will be determined according to the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If a fixed recovery percentage of zero is applicable in respect of the Notes, following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and applicable Event Determination Date the Issuer shall 
not make any payment of principal to the Noteholders under the Notes (or if the Notes 
are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, in respect of a proportion of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount attributable to the relevant Reference Entity). The 
Noteholders will receive no payment of principal and will lose their entire invested 
amount if the Credit Linked Notes are linked to a single Reference Entity.  
(j) 
Partial exercise following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
Restructuring as a Credit Event is unique in that there are three variations of this Credit Event 
which can apply to Reference Entities. The M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event relates to a Mod 
R or Mod Mod R Restructuring Credit Event. Other than for First Default Linear Basket CLNs 
(in respect of which the Swap Counterparty shall not have the right to trigger a partial 
redemption (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Swap Counterparty 
has the right in such circumstances to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes equal to the 
Exercise Amount. Such Exercise Amount may be less than the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for a Single Name CLN (or in relation to Linear Basket CLNs, First-to-Default Basket 
CLNs or Index Linked CLNs the proportion of a Note equal to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount attributable to the Affected Reference Entity). This mirrors the right the Swap 
Counterparty would have under a credit default swap to trigger partial settlement of the credit 
default swap following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and related Event Determination 
Date. 
For First Default Linear Basket CLNs, Noteholders should be aware that, unlike a standard 
credit default swap and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty will not have the right to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and, accordingly, the Notes will instead be redeemed in full 
following the occurrence of such a Credit Event.

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58 
 
(k) 
Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
Following a Succession Date, one or more Successor Reference Entity or Successor 
Reference Entities will (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) be deemed to 
be a Reference Entity in replacement of (or in addition to, as applicable) the relevant Reference 
Entity originally specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Further, upon a Reference Obligation 
ceasing to exist in the manner specified in the definition thereof, a Substitute Reference 
Obligation may be selected. 
As a result of the circumstances discussed in the preceding paragraph, a Series of Notes may 
be linked to the credit of one or more Reference Entities and their Reference Entity Obligations 
and Reference Obligations notwithstanding that such Reference Entities, Reference Entity 
Obligations and Reference Obligations were not specified in the relevant Issue Terms upon 
issuance of such Series of Notes. 
If one or more Successors are identified in respect of a Reference Entity this could increase 
the likelihood of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occurring in respect of 
the Notes. 
Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Additional CLN Conditions as follows: 
the Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such determination if a CDDC and/or DCAS has already 
determined that such event does not constitute a Succession Event; (ii) is required to act on 
the basis of Eligible Information and (iii) is required to act in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner in accordance with Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions). For 
further information see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to other parties – Risks relating to 
the Calculation Agent – Calculation Agent calculations and determinations”. 
(l) 
Redemption after Scheduled Maturity Date 
Redemption may occur irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing on or 
after a relevant Event Determination Date. The Early Redemption Date may be later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. If the Calculation Agent determines that one or more Reference 
Entities is or may be subject to (a) a Credit Event, (b) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay or, (c) if 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed instead on the Extended Maturity Date. If 
an extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date applies pursuant to and in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension), the Swap Counterparty may deliver a 
Credit Event Notice and if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information or the CDDC 
and/or DCAS may make a DC Credit Event Announcement which will trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the Auction Redemption Terms, Cash Redemption 
Terms or Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms, as the case may be and each as set out in the 
Additional CLN Conditions, after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If the Maturity Date of the Notes is extended in such circumstances the Noteholders will not 
receive payment of principal and interest (if any) payable on such date. Upon such a 
postponement of the Maturity Date Noteholders may or may not be entitled to receive interest

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59 
 
on any unpaid amounts. The relevant Issue Terms will specify whether or not Postponement 
Interest is applicable. 
If an Event Determination Date (i) has not occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date 
then the Notes will be redeemed on the fifth Reference Business Day following the Notes 
Extension Date (or, if relevant, such other date specified in the applicable Issue Terms); (ii) has 
occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then the Notes will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date in accordance with the Auction Settlement Terms, Cash Redemption Terms 
or Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms, as applicable. No further interest amount will be payable 
under the Notes following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date from and 
including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date or 
such other date specified in the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable). 
(m) 
Early Cash Redemption Amount in respect of Credit Linked Notes where no Credit 
Event has occurred 
Where Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early for any reason other than the occurrence of a 
Credit Event, interest shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue from and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or (if no such preceding Interest Payment Date) 
the Interest Commencement Date, the Notes will fall due for redemption at an amount equal in 
aggregate to the Early Cash Redemption Amount and no further payments of interest and/or 
principal in respect of any Notes will be due and payable. 
The Early Cash Redemption Amount is, where no Credit Event has occurred, an amount 
determined with respect to the Notes (or, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes 
apply, each Class of Notes), in the Specified Currency (although, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each component of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined in the Base 
Currency, with the final amount converted into the Specified Currency once all determinations 
are made) for the Notes, by the Calculation Agent which will take into account (a) the Collateral 
Proceeds, (b) the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that 
is payable to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty (and, where Classes apply, is attributable 
to such Class of Notes being redeemed), (c) the portion of any Termination Payment in respect 
of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (and, where 
Classes apply, is attributable to such Class of Notes being redeemed) and (d) where all Credit 
Linked Notes are being redeemed, any interest amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance from time to time (if any) within the Issuer’s 
Credit Support Balance. Where Classes apply, each of limbs (b), (c) and (d) will be subject to 
the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, as to 
what portion or amount is attributable to the Swap Transaction relating to each Class of Notes 
being redeemed. 
The Collateral Proceeds represents, in the Base Currency, all cash sums derived from 
Liquidation of the Applicable Proportion of the Collateral or, where Classes apply, the 
Applicable Proportion of the Class Collateral. 
The Termination Payment payable to the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, or from the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty, represents an aggregated amount due under the Swap Agreement 
following an early termination of the same. 
Prospective Noteholders must read and understand all the provisions herein that relate to the 
calculation of the Early Cash Redemption Amounts before investing in the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60 
 
(n) 
Additional CLN Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the 
definitions and provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as such definitions 
may be amended by the supplements thereto and there may be differences between the 
definitions used in the Additional CLN Conditions and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. As such, investing in Credit Linked Notes is not exactly the same as entering into 
a credit default swap that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
While ISDA has published the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives 
market is expected to continue to evolve and change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including Credit Linked 
Notes, are subject to interpretation and further evolution. Past events have shown that the 
views of market participants may differ as to how the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution in the market, interpretation 
of the Credit Linked Notes may differ in the future because of future market standards. Such a 
result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally 
will be predictable or favourable to the Issuer or Noteholders. Future amendments or 
supplements to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will only apply to Credit 
Linked Notes that have already been issued if the Issuer and the Noteholders agree to amend 
the Credit Linked Notes to incorporate such amendments or supplements and other conditions 
to amending the Credit Linked Notes have been met. 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions introduced the new Asset Package Delivery 
provisions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Auction Settlement Terms published by 
ISDA have not been updated to reflect such Asset Package Delivery provisions. The 
Calculation Agent has discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package if it 
determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package 
and in doing so the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any 
corresponding adjustment to the price must comply with the provisions of Additional CLN 
Condition 6(d) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) which includes (i) the Calculation 
Agent preserving the economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes; and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent not taking into account any method of determining the Asset Market Value 
of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part 
of the Asset Package that has been taken into account in determining the Auction Final Price 
published by the DC Secretary. The Calculation Agent is also under a duty to act in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner when making such determination pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions). 
(o) 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The CDDCs were established pursuant to the March 2009 Supplements to the 2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions to make determinations that are relevant to the majority of the

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61 
 
credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. Further information 
about the CDDCs may be found at https://dc.isda.org/. 
Whether or not a Credit Event or Succession Event has occurred, and certain decisions relating 
thereto, may be dependent on determinations made by the CDDC and/or DCAS. In certain 
circumstances, determinations made by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent 
may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a CDDC and/or DCAS. If the Issuer 
delivers a Credit Event Notice or Succession Event Notice to the Trustee, the Noteholders 
should be aware that such notice may be superseded by a determination of a CDDC and/or 
DCAS. 
The Swap Counterparty and the Calculation Agent as applicable shall have regard to and, 
where applicable, be bound by decisions made by a CDDC and/or DCAS. 
Noteholders will have no ability to submit questions to a CDDC, no influence on the composition 
of a CDDC and no recourse to ISDA, DCAS or to the members of such a CDDC, in each case 
solely by virtue of being an investor in the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty 
or the Calculation Agent will have any liability to the Noteholders where they rely on a 
determination of a CDDC and/or DCAS. 
Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates are currently members of one or more 
CDDCs. In reaching decisions, neither Credit Suisse International nor any other member of an 
CDDC will take account of the interests of the Noteholders. 
Whilst Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates acting in their respective capacities 
as members of any relevant CDDC may make determinations in respect of Reference Entities 
and/or any obligations of such Reference Entities which could have an adverse impact on the 
Notes held by investors, such determinations will not be made by Credit Suisse International 
or any applicable affiliate unilaterally. 
Noteholders shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Calculation Agent, Credit Suisse International and or any of its affiliates, any institutions 
serving on a CDDC or the external reviewers in the event of any loss arising directly or indirectly 
from any action, determination or resolution taken or made by a CDDC and/or DCAS. 
(p) 
A Credit Event may occur even if the Issuer and/or Swap Counterparty suffers no 
loss  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and the Swap Transaction are irrespective of any loss 
which the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty may suffer as a result of the circumstances 
giving rise to a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Swap Counterparty are required to suffer any loss, liability or other detriment at any time as a 
condition to the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, nor is any 
party required to have any credit exposure to any Reference Entity at any time. 
(q) 
Determination of Value 
Whilst the Value of the Valuation Obligations are determined by reference to Quotations, if no 
Quotations are obtained, such value shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. Where an asset the value of which is being 
sought is illiquid or of a low notional amount, there may be a limited availability of dealers willing 
to provide Quotations. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent would instead make such 
determination in accordance with the provisions of Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62 
 
actions). For further information please see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to other 
parties – Risks relating to the Calculation Agent – Calculation Agent calculations and 
determinations”. No assurance can be given that sufficient numbers of Quotations will be 
available. 
(r) 
Hedging 
In the ordinary course of their business, including without limitation in connection with their 
market-making activities, the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Quotation Dealers 
and/or any agent or any Affiliate of any of them (each such entity for the purposes of this risk 
factor, a “Programme Party”) may effect transactions for their own account or for the account 
of their customers and hold long or short positions in any applicable Reference Obligation or 
related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the Credit Linked Notes, any 
Programme Party may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to a Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities, any applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives. Credit 
Suisse International has policies and procedures in place to identify and manage any conflicts 
of interest that may arise in relation to the above activities, for further information see the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Conflicts of Interest”. In connection with such hedging 
or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by any 
Programme Party, a Programme Party may enter into transactions with respect to the 
Reference Entity or Entities, any applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Credit Linked Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any Programme Party may 
pursue such hedging or related derivatives actions and take such steps as they deem 
necessary or appropriate to protect their interests without regard to the consequences for any 
Noteholder. 
(s) 
Change in Standard Hedging Terms  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the terms of any hedging activities that the Swap 
Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) has or may enter into in connection with the credit 
default swap are modified pursuant to any protocol published by ISDA or any equivalent market 
arrangement (determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) (a “Change in Standard Hedging Terms”) has occurred, it may make 
such amendments to the terms of any of the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents as it 
determines (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) are appropriate to 
account for the effect (including, without limitation, the economic effect) of such Change in 
Standard Hedging Terms on any hedging activities that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of 
its affiliates) may enter into in connection with the credit default swap.  
It is possible that, as a result of such amendments, the interest rate under the Notes and/or the 
credit default swap may change and/or other amendments may be made to the Notes and/or 
the Transaction Documents. The Noteholders will be bound by such amendments and it is 
possible that such amendments may negatively impact the valuation profile of the credit default 
swap, and/or value, marketability and/or return on the Notes and Noteholders may suffer a 
loss. 
(t) 
No Guarantee of Performance 
The Credit Linked Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that are 
linked to the credit risk of each Reference Entity and/or Reference Obligation specified in the

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63 
 
relevant Issue Terms. No Programme Party (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Hedging” 
above) guarantees, or otherwise stands behind, the performance of any Reference Entity or 
Reference Obligation or is under any obligation to make good losses suffered as a result of 
Credit Events each of which may negatively impact on the value, marketability and/or return 
on the Notes and the losses that Noteholders may suffer.  
(u) 
LPN Reference Entities 
If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Additional CLN 
Conditions will apply in a way that reflects the Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities 
published by ISDA on 15 September 2014. The Additional CLN Conditions, among other things, 
amend and expand the definition of “Reference Obligation” to cover (among other things) loan 
participation notes (“LPN”) which, as of the Trade Date for the Swap Transaction, are issued 
for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide 
alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in 
respect of obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should conduct their own review and investigation of any 
LPN which may constitute a Reference Obligation, the issuer(s) of such LPN and associated 
credit risks. 
6 
Risks relating to other parties  
(a) 
Reliance on creditworthiness of Credit Suisse International 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes depends on the receipt by it of 
payments under the Swap Agreement. Furthermore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and to remain solvent may be impaired if Credit Suisse 
International (acting as the Arranger), fails to pay the Issuer’s fees and expenses and neither 
the Trustee nor the holders of the Notes elect to pay such fees and expenses. Investors in the 
Notes are accordingly exposed, as to both principal and interest, to the credit risk of Credit 
Suisse International. 
Potential investors should further note that Credit Suisse International may be subject to 
recovery and resolution measures pursuant to national laws transposing and implementing the 
BRRD (as further described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution 
of financial institutions” above).  
(b) 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Agreement 
 
The Swap Counterparty 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes may depend on the 
receipt by it of payments under the Swap Agreement (if any). Consequently, the Issuer 
is exposed not only to the occurrence of an Original Collateral Default in relation to the 
Original Collateral and the volatility in the market value of the Collateral, but also to the 
ability of the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
Default by the Swap Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement 
and, in such circumstance, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination may not 
be paid in full. 
Default by the Swap Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement 
and, in such circumstances, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination may

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64 
 
not be paid in full. If, on the termination of the Swap Agreement an amount is payable 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt taking into account 
any collateral posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support 
Annex to the Swap Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against 
the Swap Counterparty. Any termination of the Swap Transactions under a Swap 
Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount. Upon any such redemption, the amount paid or delivered to Noteholders to 
redeem the Notes may be significantly less than the Noteholder’s original investment in 
such Notes and may be zero. 
If on the termination of the Swap Agreement an amount is payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex to the 
Swap Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against the Swap 
Counterparty for such amount. 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Swap Agreement is 
also dependent on the timely payment and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations 
under the Swap Agreement. The ability of the Issuer to make timely payment and/or 
delivery of its obligations under the Swap Agreement depends on receipt by it of the 
scheduled payments under and/or deliveries of the Original Collateral. Consequently, 
the Issuer is also exposed to the ability of the issuers and guarantors of the Original 
Collateral to perform their respective payment and/or delivery obligations. 
In the circumstances specified in any Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty may terminate all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement in full, as described in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “The Swap Agreement”. Any such termination 
of the Swap Transactions under a Swap Agreement will result in a redemption in full of 
the relevant Series of Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such 
redemption, the amount paid or delivered to Noteholders to redeem such Notes may be 
significantly less than the Noteholder’s original investment in such Notes and may be 
zero. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Pass-Through Note Terms Product 
Supplement applies to a Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer will not enter into a Swap Agreement. 
The Swap Counterparty may also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor 
entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial institutions” above).  
 
SFTR (Article 15) Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements risk disclosure 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC) under EU SFTR (as 
defined below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) 
Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as defined below)) (each such arrangement, a “Title 
Transfer Arrangement”) with a counterparty (as the “Title Transfer Counterparty”), as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the relevant Series. The Credit 
Support Annex will constitute Title Transfer Arrangements.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65 
 
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and 
of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) 
(EU SFTR”) and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), the transferee 
of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the transferor of 
such securities of the general risks and consequences that may be involved in entering 
into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below and are also relevant 
for Noteholders even though they will not be directly party to any Title Transfer 
Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of securities 
under a Title Transfer Arrangement.  
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer 
Arrangement is referred to as the “Transferor”, the person to whom such securities are 
transferred is referred to as the “Transferee” and the securities so transferred are 
referred to as the “Securities Collateral”.  
(A) 
Loss of proprietary rights in Securities Collateral 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Securities 
Collateral transferred to a Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security 
granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery of 
equivalent Securities Collateral, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title 
Transfer Arrangement, the Transferor’s claim for delivery of equivalent Securities 
Collateral will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement and applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive 
such equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be 
reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement can be netted or set-off against the obligation of the Transferee to 
deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Securities Collateral, such 
securities will cease to form part of the Mortgaged Property such that Noteholders 
will no longer have the benefit of security over such securities. If the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the 
Mortgaged Property will not include equivalent Securities Collateral which the 
Issuer might otherwise have been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, 
Noteholders should be aware that the net proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under 
the Notes and consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the 
Title Transfer Counterparty (as Transferee). 
The Title Transfer Counterparty will not have any proprietary rights in the 
Securities Collateral transferred to the Issuer. If the Issuer defaults under the Title 
Transfer Arrangement, the Title Transfer Counterparty’s claim for delivery of 
equivalent Securities Collateral will, as a result of the applicable payment 
waterfall, be subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other Secured 
Creditors in respect of the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may 
not receive the equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s 
exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66 
 
such Title Transfer Arrangement can be netted or set-off against an obligation on 
the Transferee to deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
(B) 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
In the event that a resolution process (i.e. the process by which the authorities 
can intervene to manage the failure of a firm in an orderly fashion) is commenced 
by a resolution authority under any relevant resolution regime in relation to the 
Transferee, then (i) any rights that the Transferor may have to take any action 
against the Transferee, such as to terminate the Title Transfer Arrangement, may 
be subject to a stay by the relevant resolution authority and (ii) the Transferor’s 
claim for delivery of equivalent Securities Collateral may be reduced (in part or in 
full) or converted into equity or (iii) a transfer of assets or liabilities may result in 
the Transferor’s claim against the Transferee being transferred to different 
entities, although the Transferor may be protected to the extent that the exercise 
of resolution powers is restricted by the availability of set-off or netting rights.  
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that the Issuer may not be able to 
immediately enforce its rights against the Title Transfer Counterparty and its rights 
may be altered by operation of law or contract. Noteholders will be exposed to the 
risk of such delay and alteration of rights against the Title Transfer Counterparty. 
(C) 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferor in respect of any Securities Collateral will not be entitled to 
exercise, or direct the Transferee to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights 
attached to the Securities Collateral. 
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will not have any right under the Notes to direct the Issuer to exercise 
any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Securities Collateral. 
(D) 
No information provided in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferee will have title to any Securities Collateral and may or may not 
continue to hold such Securities Collateral and as such it will have no obligation 
to inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any 
Securities Collateral. 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to 
Noteholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Securities 
Collateral. 
(c) 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
 
Custodian risk  
Collateral in the form of cash or transferable securities will be held in an account of the 
Custodian in the name of the Issuer. Where the Collateral consists of assets other than 
cash or transferable securities, it may be held in the name of the Issuer or under the 
control of the Custodian or in such other manner as is approved by the Trustee. 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Agency

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67 
 
Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held). Consequently, the Noteholders are 
relying on the ability of the Custodian to perform its obligations under the Agency 
Agreement for such Notes. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the 
Custodian for the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the 
Custodian as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client 
money and will represent only an unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. 
 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems  
(A) 
Credit risk  
Under the Agency Agreement the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the 
Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with any sub-custodian, any 
securities depositary or at such other account keeper or clearing system as may 
be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, the Custodian will remain liable 
for the losses resulting from the negligence, wilful default or fraud of such sub-
custodian. Where the Collateral is held with a securities depositary or clearing 
system (whether via the Custodian, a sub-custodian or otherwise), the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent upon 
receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) and, in turn, the Custodian 
(and any applicable sub-custodian) will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon 
receipt of payments from such, securities depositary or clearing system. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Collateral and the ability of the Custodian to perform its obligations under the 
Agency Agreement for such Notes (and any obligations of any sub-custodian 
under or pursuant to the Agency Agreement or otherwise), but also on the 
performance of the respective obligations of, and the creditworthiness of any 
securities depositary or clearing system holding the Collateral deposited by the 
Custodian or any sub-custodian. 
(B) 
Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or 
clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral 
held with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever 
reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant sub-
custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right 
of set-off, which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it 
in respect of the Collateral, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes 
will not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the 
Custodian under the Agency Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) 
but will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing 
system not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it 
holds. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68 
 
of the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when 
due any fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositaries or clearing 
systems (or the ability of the Issuer to pay such amounts due to the Custodian 
and/or the sub-custodians, security depositary or clearing system). 
(d) 
Risks relating to the Paying Agents 
Any payments and/or deliveries made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be 
made by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agent (as applicable) on behalf of 
the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer is to transfer to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the Notes, on or before each date on which 
such payment and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes becomes due. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents (as applicable), while holding funds 
for payment to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may 
not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid 
amounts but the Issuer will have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part 
thereof) and Noteholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, 
but also on the creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents (as 
applicable) in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Agency Agreement to 
make or facilitate payments to Noteholders.  
(e) 
Risks relating to the Disposal Agent 
 
Liquidation  
Where the Notes of a Series or a Class thereof are to be redeemed as a result of a 
redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity Date, or where the Collateral has a 
stated maturity falling after the Maturity Date of the Notes, the Disposal Agent is 
generally required to sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral. Except as otherwise set 
out in the Conditions, the Disposal Agent is permitted to sell all or any part of the 
Collateral at any time or at different times during the relevant period or in stages in 
respect of smaller portions, and will not have any liability for doing so if a higher price 
could have been obtained had such sale taken place at a different time during such 
specified period and/or had or had not been effected in stages in respect of smaller 
portions. Further, if the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the net proceeds of Liquidation of 
the Affected Collateral Component are less than such Partial Swap Loss, the Disposal 
Agent shall determine, in its absolute discretion, which Additional Collateral to liquidate 
to make up such Shortfall Amount. 
The Disposal Agent may elect not to liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances 
including without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. If the Disposal Agent decides not 
to liquidate the Collateral (a) it shall not be held liable for failing to liquidate the Collateral 
in such circumstances; and (b) this could affect the ability of the Issuer to make payment 
of any amounts on account of interest and/or principal under the Notes to Noteholders. 
If the Issuer is subject to a Bankruptcy Event, to the extent that a competent bankruptcy 
officer has been appointed in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings, such

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69 
 
bankruptcy officer will replace the Disposal Agent and will Liquidate the Collateral in 
accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions. 
 
Replacement Disposal Agent  
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint 
a replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either by the 
Issuer, with the prior approval of the Trustee and (unless either a Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or a Swap Counterparty 
Event has occurred) the Swap Counterparty or by the Noteholders acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution. Arranging for and appointing any such replacement may delay 
any required liquidation of the Collateral and related payments and/or deliveries on the 
Notes and there is no guarantee that any replacement will be found. Any delay or failure 
to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Risks relating to the Calculation Agent  
 
Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Calculation Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint 
a replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either by 
the Issuer, with the prior approval of the Trustee and (unless either a Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or a Swap Counterparty 
Event has occurred) the Swap Counterparty or by the Noteholders acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution. Arranging for and appointing any such replacement may 
delay certain determinations and related payments and/or deliveries on the Notes and 
there is no guarantee that any replacement will be found. Any delay or failure to appoint 
such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders. 
 
Calculation Agent calculations and determinations 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretionary authority to make various 
determinations and adjustments under the Notes, any of which may have an adverse 
effect on the market value thereof or amounts payable or other benefits to be received 
thereunder. 
The Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations 
and actions), act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner when making 
any determinations or calculations under the Conditions in relation to the Notes. Any 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding, final and conclusive. 
In making calculations and determinations with regard to the Notes, there may be a 
difference of interest between the investors and the Calculation Agent. The Calculation 
Agent is required to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but 
does not have any obligations of agency or trust for any investors and has no fiduciary 
obligations towards them. In particular the Calculation Agent and its affiliated entities 
may have interests in other capacities (such as other business relationships and 
activities).

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70 
 
The determination as to whether a Collateral Event has occurred shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent under the Notes and without regard to any related determination by 
the Original Collateral Obligor or any action taken, omitted to be taken or suffered to be 
taken by any other person, including, without limitation, any creditor of the Original 
Collateral Obligor. 
Further, all calculations and determinations are made by the Calculation Agent in 
relation to the Credit Linked Notes are final and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, any agents appointed under the Agency Agreement and the 
Noteholders. In selecting any Deliverable Obligations or Valuation Obligations or in the 
making any other selection in accordance with the Additional CLN Conditions, the 
Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to the Noteholders or any other person 
and, provided that such selection meets the criteria specified, the relevant Calculation 
Agent will not be liable (in any capacity whatsoever) to account to the Noteholders or 
any other person for any profit or other benefit to it which may result directly or indirectly 
from any such selection. 
(g) 
Impact of FATCA Withholding on all Agents 
The application of FATCA withholding to interest, principal or other amounts payable under or 
in respect of the Notes is not clear (see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Issuer – 
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments” above). If an amount in respect 
of FATCA withholding were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments payable under or in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any Agent nor any 
other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of such FATCA withholding. In such circumstances, Noteholders might receive less than 
otherwise expected. 
(h) 
Conflicts of interest 
The Transaction Parties and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection 
with the Notes and the Mortgaged Property in respect of a Series and need not take into 
account the specific interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may also enter into 
business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or 
Collateral are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such party may derive 
revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty 
to account for such amounts or act in a way that is adverse to the interests of the Noteholders 
generally. 
In addition, where the Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake 
a decision in such capacity under or in respect of the Swap Agreement, the terms and 
conditions or otherwise in respect of the Notes then such party will be under no obligation or 
duty to the Noteholders or any other person and is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial 
outcome for itself and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for 
any profit or other benefit to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or 
indirectly from any such action. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Conflicts of Interest”.

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71 
 
(i) 
Systemic risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with 
each other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. Financial institutions such 
as the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian and the 
Agents (or any affiliate of any of them) and any obligors of the Collateral (or any guarantor or 
credit support provider in respect thereof) that are financial institutions or are significant 
participants in the financial markets are likely routinely to execute a high volume of transactions 
with various types of counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, 
investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds and institutional clients. To the extent they 
do so, they are and will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail or are 
otherwise unable to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or 
other significant participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial 
institution or other significant participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could 
lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems and other problems that could exacerbate 
the global financial crisis and as such have a material adverse impact on other entities. 
Accordingly, Noteholders of a Series may suffer greater losses (and be more likely to suffer 
losses) as a result of such systemic risk than they may otherwise have done had the Arranger, 
the Dealer(s), the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian, the Agents and/or, where 
applicable, any Collateral Obligor not all been financial institutions, significant participants in 
the financial markets or affiliates thereof.

--- Page 72 ---
DISCLAIMERS 
72 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Dutch 
Issuer, the Irish Issuer or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
(a) 
The Notes 
The Notes are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for 
sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience and access to such 
professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own evaluation 
of the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, 
accounting, credit, legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment), 
who understand that any Reference Rate associated or used in connection with the Notes (as 
relevant) may change, cease to be published or be in customary market usage, become 
unavailable, have its use restricted or become calculated by a different methodology, and that, 
as a result (a) such Reference Rate may cease to be appropriate during the lifetime of the 
Notes and (b) amendments may be required to the Notes to account for the change or 
cessation of such Reference Rate and who have considered the suitability of such Notes in 
light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Prospective investors should ensure 
that they understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the Notes, and the extent 
of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Notes and, before making their 
investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this Base 
Prospectus and, in particular, the considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured nature 
of the Notes, their price may be more volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its scheduled 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or the reduction of any such 
amounts may occur for other reasons not set out herein and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Issue Terms, and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of 
the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as may exist at the date hereof 
or as may from time to time alter. Additional risk factors may be set out in any Alternative 
Drawdown Document for any Series and prospective purchasers should also read those risk 
factors in connection with the Notes to which such Alternative Drawdown Document relates. 
(b) 
Investors 
Each prospective investor in Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including where principal and 
interest may reduce as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the 
creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, prices, values or

--- Page 73 ---
DISCLAIMERS 
73 
 
indices, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
prospective investor’s currency, including a loss of their entire invested amount and any 
potential returns related to it. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult 
its professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal 
investments for it, and/or (ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their professional advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
For the purposes of these risk factors, references to “Noteholders” or “holders” of Notes should 
generally be read as including holders of beneficial interests in such Notes, except where the 
context otherwise requires. 
(c) 
Security 
The Notes will have the benefit of English law-governed security interests (and, in certain 
circumstances, security interests governed by the laws of any other relevant jurisdiction) which 
are granted to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Transaction Parties for the relevant Series) 
over the Mortgaged Property (unless, in the case of the Irish Issuer, the Notes are otherwise 
limited in recourse to specified assets). Noteholders should be aware that the Collateral and 
any related cash in respect of such security arrangements will be held on a pooled basis in 
respect of the Series and not allocated to specified accounts. 
(d) 
No fiduciary role 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties or any 
of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as adviser in any other 
capacity, and none of them (other than the Trustee under the Trust Deed) assumes any 
fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Notes or any other party, including the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties assumes 
any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of 
any Collateral or the terms thereof or of any Swap Counterparty or the terms of the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other 
Transaction Parties for any information in relation to any person. 
(e) 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the 
other Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination 
as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to any of the other matters referred to 
above. 
(f) 
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:

--- Page 74 ---
DISCLAIMERS 
74 
 
(i) 
Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed in respect of such Collateral with any exchange, governmental, 
supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; 
(ii) 
issuer or obligor of any Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any 
documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any 
exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; 
(iii) 
Swap Counterparty or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed in respect of such party with any exchange, governmental, 
supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person;  
(iv) 
relevant Swap Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed in respect of such agreement with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; or 
(v) 
Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation or the credit quality thereof, or any 
information contained in any documents provided by any Reference Entity or filed by a 
Reference Entity with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory 
authority of any other person. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any 
information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Provision of Information 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer(s) have provided or will provide prospective purchasers of 
Notes with any information or advice with respect to the Original Collateral, the Original 
Collateral Obligor, the Custodian or the Swap Counterparty or makes any representation as to 
the credit quality of the Original Collateral, the Original Collateral Obligor, the Custodian or the 
Swap Counterparty. 
The Issuer, the Dealer(s) and/or the Swap Counterparty may have acquired, or during the term 
of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Custodian, the Original 
Collateral and the Original Collateral Obligor which will not be disclosed to Noteholders. The 
timing and limited scope of the information provided to Noteholders regarding the Original 
Collateral, the Original Collateral Obligor and the occurrence of a Collateral Event, may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes and the ability of Noteholders to value the Notes accordingly. None of 
the Issuer, Dealer(s) and Swap Counterparty is under any obligation to make such information, 
whether or not confidential, available to Noteholders.  
For Credit Linked Notes, the Programme Parties and the Swap Counterparty, whether by virtue 
of the types of relationships described herein or otherwise, may possess information in relation 
to any Reference Entity, any Affiliate of a Reference Entity, any Reference Obligation or any 
guarantor that is or may be material in the context of Credit Linked Notes and that may or may 
not be publicly available or known to the Noteholders or any other person. The Credit Linked 
Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any of the Programme Parties or the Swap 
Counterparty to disclose any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential). The 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may have access to 
information with respect to a Reference Entity that would (or would if available from a Public

--- Page 75 ---
DISCLAIMERS 
75 
 
Source), amongst other things, constitute Publicly Available Information with respect to a Credit 
Event or otherwise suggest that a Credit Event has occurred or may occur with respect to a 
Reference Entity. There is no obligation on the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or their 
respective affiliates to disclose such information to any Noteholder or Couponholder, nor to 
respond to any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s enquiries or requests for information with 
respect to any such, or similar, event. As such, a Noteholder or Couponholder may not have 
access to information with respect to a Reference Entity that, if available, would affect such 
Noteholder or Couponholder’s decision to make and retain an investment in the Notes. 
(h) 
No Investigations 
No investigations, searches or other enquiries have been made by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Trustee in respect of the Collateral or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or any 
Reference Entity. No representations or warranties, express or implied, have been given by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Custodian, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent or any other person on their behalf in respect of 
the Collateral or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or any Reference Entity. Any publicly 
available information in respect of the Collateral or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or 
any Reference Entity has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that 
would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Further, for Credit Linked Notes, none the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their 
respective affiliates has made any investigation of, or makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the existence or financial or creditworthiness or other condition of any 
Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligations or Valuation 
Obligations of such Reference Entity or any information provided in respect of such Reference 
Entity. The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may also, at any time, be in possession of 
information in relation to any Reference Entity (which may or may not be publicly available). 
None of such persons shall be under any obligation to make any such information available to 
Noteholders or any other party. 
(i) 
Not a bank deposit 
The Irish Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the 
Notes. Any investment in Notes issued by the Irish Issuer does not have the status of a bank 
deposit in Ireland and the Notes do not fall within the scope of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the Central Bank.

--- Page 76 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
76 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
1 
General 
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to the 
extent that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit 
Support Annex. 
Credit Suisse International and/or any of its affiliates (“CS”) may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with any issue of Notes. CS shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by the relevant entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate 
acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold 
a standard of care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. CS 
may enter into business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the 
Notes or Collateral are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which the relevant entity 
may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any 
duty to account therefor. CS has policies and procedures in place to identify and manage conflicts of 
interest that may arise in relation to such activities. 
CS may from time to time be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or 
opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral which information and/or opinions might, 
if known by a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Notes. 
Notwithstanding this, CS shall not have any duty or obligation to notify the Noteholders or the Issuer 
or any other Transaction Parties (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such 
information and/or opinions. 
CS may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may accept deposits from, 
make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or 
investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and 
may act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the relevant Swap Agreement 
and the Notes of the relevant Series did not exist and without regard to whether any such action might 
have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of any Collateral, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty 
or the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
CS may at any time be active and significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a 
wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. 
Activities undertaken by CS may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, 
the price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities 
and derivatives based on, or relating to, the Notes or any Collateral. Notwithstanding this, CS shall 
not have any duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Notes 
when effecting transactions in such markets. 
In addition, other potential conflicts of interest may arise where the Notes are offered to the public, as 
any distributor (which can be CS or any Transaction Party) will act pursuant to a mandate granted by 
the Issuer and will receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of the Notes to the public. 
One or more of CS or any Transaction Party may:

--- Page 77 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
77 
 
 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to, the 
Collateral; 
 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Collateral 
or other classes of securities issued by the issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral 
or an affiliate thereof; 
 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Collateral under a 
swap or other derivative agreements; 
 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or 
financial advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their 
respective affiliates; or 
 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral and they shall not be 
under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
any of the other Transaction Parties.  
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Collateral, 
the Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to payments and/or 
deliveries on such Collateral. When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the 
issuer of any Collateral or an affiliate thereof, a Transaction Party will owe fiduciary duties to the 
holders of such other classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests 
from the holders of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part, and may take 
actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where applicable, the Issuer) of the class of 
securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part. As a counterparty under swaps and other 
derivative agreements, a Transaction Party may take actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, 
including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation of its exposure under such agreements (if 
provided for thereunder) or terminating such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms 
thereof. In making and administering loans and other obligations, a Transaction Party may take 
actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies 
with respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging significant 
fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any Collateral in bankruptcy or 
demanding payment on a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s 
acquisition, holding and sale of the Collateral may enhance the profitability or value of investments 
made by a Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all 
such transactions or arrangements between a Transaction Party and issuers of, and obligors with 
respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates, a Transaction Party may have interests that are 
contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
2 
The Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual

--- Page 78 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
78 
 
Noteholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders. In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall 
not, in respect of Notes of any Series or Class thereof, assume any duty or responsibility to any of 
the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any of the Paying Agents (as 
applicable) or any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay any such 
party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Trust Deed and other than in respect of any obligations it may have to Secured Creditors in respect 
of any enforcement of the Security) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders 
and (save where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is 
a party) shall not be obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party if 
this would in the Trustee’s opinion be contrary to the interests of the Noteholders. The Trustee has 
broad discretion as to how it performs its role under the Notes and is empowered to exercise 
discretions without the consent of the Noteholders. 
The Trustee benefits from an indemnity under clause 9.18 (Indemnity) of the Trust Deed in respect of 
all actions, proceedings, fees, costs, claims and demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating 
to the Mortgaged Property and, subject to the detailed provisions of clause 10.1 (Trustee Act 2000) 
of the Trust Deed, does not extend to negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
3 
The Swap Counterparty 
Prospective investors should be aware that, where the Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise its 
discretion rights in such capacity under the Swap Agreement (including any right to terminate the 
Swap Agreement), in respect of the terms and conditions or otherwise in respect of the Notes, then 
unless specified to the contrary therein, the Swap Counterparty will be under no obligation to, and will 
not assume any fiduciary duty or responsibility for, the Noteholders or any other person. Prospective 
investors should expect and understand that the Swap Counterparty may attempt to maximise the 
beneficial outcome for itself (that is maximise any payments due to it and minimise any payments 
due from it) and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or 
other benefit to it or any of its respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such 
selection.

--- Page 79 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
79 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
In respect of Notes issued by the Irish Issuer, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in 
accordance with: 
1 
Financial Statements 
1.1 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 
(the “2018 Accounts”); and 
1.2 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
(the “2019 Accounts”), 
each of which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. The 2018 
Accounts and 2019 Accounts have been filed with Euronext Dublin and can be found at 
https://argentumsecuritiesireland.ie/docs/financial-statements/20200227-argentum-fs-ye-2018-
searchable_p84755.pdf 
and 
https://argentumsecuritiesireland.ie/docs/financial-
statements/argentum_securities_ireland_fs_31_12_19_final-signed-incl_-audit_p37725.pdf 
respectively. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Irish Issuer 
since 31 December 2019, being the date of the Issuer’s last audited financial statements. 
In respect of Notes issued by the Dutch Issuer, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in 
accordance with: 
1 
Constitutional Documents 
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Dutch Issuer dated 14 August 2020 (the 
“Constitutional Documents”). A copy of the Constitutional Documents can be found at 
www.platinumsecuritiesnetherlands.com. 
2 
Financial Statements 
The Dutch Issuer has not published any financial statements since the date on which it was 
incorporated.

--- Page 80 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
80 
 
MASTER CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Such Master Conditions, as modified and supplemented by any Additional Conditions 
set out in any Product Supplement that is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or Alternative Drawdown Document and further subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, or to completion, amendment and/or variation in 
accordance with the relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, 
shall be applicable to the Notes. Either (i) the full text of these Master Conditions together with the 
relevant Additional Conditions and the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or 
the relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, or (ii) these Master 
Conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on any Bearer Note or on any Certificate 
relating to a Registered Note. In respect of the Notes, “Issue Terms” means the applicable “Final 
Terms” for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed by the Issuer which 
specifies the issue details of the Notes or, in all other cases (and which shall be the case for Credit 
Linked Notes and Collateral Basket Notes), the applicable terms and conditions set out in the 
“Alternative Drawdown Document” which may include a series memorandum or a prospectus relating 
to the Notes incorporating by reference the whole or any part of these Master Conditions and any 
Additional Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the Trust Deed. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes 
or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed entered into between the Issuer and the 
Trustee. These Master Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons referred to below. 
An Agency Agreement has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, 
HSBC Bank plc as issuing and paying agent, custodian, registrar and transfer agent and the other 
agents named in the Programme Deed, by execution of the Programme Deed (the “Agency 
Agreement”). 
In respect of a Series of Notes, the issuing and paying agent, the calculation agent, the custodian 
and account bank, the disposal agent, the registrar and the paying agents and transfer agents for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the 
“Calculation Agent”, the “Custodian”, the “Disposal Agent”, the “Registrar”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and collectively as the “Agents”. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in 
instalments are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them 
of the Agency Agreement and any other Transaction Document entered into in connection with the 
Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
81 
 
As used in the Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes of a Series or, where a Series comprises Classes, 
a Class, that are issued on the same date and that are identical in all respects.  
1 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the Trust Deed, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Issue Deed relating 
to the Notes and the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, the terms of the Issue Deed shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, the terms of 
the relevant Issue Deed and the terms of the applicable Issue Terms, the terms of the 
applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between these Master 
Conditions and the terms of the applicable Issue Terms, the terms of the applicable Issue Terms 
shall prevail. In addition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Actual Currency Proceeds” means the Available Proceeds as of the Early Valuation Date 
but excluding any amount paid by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the 
termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the 
Notes provided that if any Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation Date then 
the Actual Currency Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed 
to be the fair bid-side market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred 
on the sale of the Collateral. 
“Additional Conditions” means any of the Additional Pass-Through Conditions, the Additional 
CLN Conditions or the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions, each of which has the meaning 
given to it in the applicable Product Supplement. 
“Additional Redemption Event” means the determination by the Calculation Agent on any 
day of the occurrence of any of the Additional Redemption Events specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that 
the Calculation Agent determines is required in order to: 
 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders or (b) the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate;  
 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or (b) the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, 
in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of any changes made to the Swap 
Agreement as a consequence of the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate; and 
 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the 
Swap Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any 
transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the 
Notes and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under

--- Page 82 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
82 
 
the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement which have resulted following the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event.  
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of 
economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero, or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor 
of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that either (i) the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the 
Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or (ii) the Swap 
Counterparty or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under any 
transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
Date” 
means, 
for 
a 
Series 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides 
that the Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, 
refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference 
Rate Trade Date. 
“Affected Class Cash Redemption Portion” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class 
of Notes, a cash amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal to (i) the 
Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of the Early Redeeming Class of Notes minus 
(ii) the Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of the Early Redeeming Class of Notes 
multiplied by the fraction obtained by dividing (x) the Affected Collateral Rounding Component 
in respect of the Early Redeeming Class of Notes by (y) the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Affected Class Collateral relating to the Early Redeeming Class of Notes.  
“Affected Class Collateral” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes, the 
Class Collateral relating to such Early Redeeming Class of Notes excluding, for the avoidance 
of doubt, where either the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty has a Credit Support Balance under 
the Credit Support Annex, any Eligible Credit Support and amounts derived therefrom making 
up such Credit Support Balance. 
“Affected Class Collateral Proceeds” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes and with respect to a Liquidation Event, as of a particular day: 
(i) 
all Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds, any amount paid by the Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer as a result of the termination of the Affected Class Terminated Transaction

--- Page 83 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
83 
 
under the Swap Agreement relating to such Early Redeeming Class of Notes and all 
other cash sums available to the Issuer derived from the Mortgaged Property relating 
to such Class of Notes; less 
(ii) 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Master 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds of Liquidation) on any Issuer Application Date. 
“Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes, all cash sums in the Base Currency from the Liquidation of the Affected Class Collateral, 
provided that if any Affected Class Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation 
Date, the Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of such Affected Class Collateral not 
then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair bid-side value of such Affected Class Collateral 
as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) net of any taxes, costs 
or charges that would be incurred on the sale of the Affected Class Collateral. 
“Affected Class Terminated Transaction” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes and a Swap Agreement, the Swap Transaction relating to such Early Redeeming Class 
of Notes entered into under such Swap Agreement. 
“Affected Class Termination Payment” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes, any Termination Payment in the Base Currency in respect of the Swap Agreement and 
the relevant Affected Class Terminated Transaction, together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon, provided that the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Affected Class 
Termination Payment payable by the Issuer shall be limited to the prevailing value of the 
Affected Class Collateral at the time. 
“Affected Collateral Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 
13(b)(iv) (Liquidation process). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or 
indirectly, under common control with that person. For this purpose, “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Aggregated Note Entitlement” has the meaning given to such term in Master 
Condition 8(s)(i)(A) (Physical Redemption Amounts) and “Aggregated Note Entitlements” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
“Alternative Drawdown Document” means, where the Notes are not issued by way of Final 
Terms pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the document relating to the Notes that 
describes the Issue Terms. 
“Articles” means the Irish Articles or the Dutch Articles, as applicable.  
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, Tax or governmental authority in 
any jurisdiction. 
“Available Deliverable Collateral” has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 
8(s)(i) (Physical Redemption Amounts).

--- Page 84 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
84 
 
“Available Proceeds” means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event, as of 
a particular day: 
 
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of Collateral for the Notes, any amount paid 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the Notes, any amounts 
realised by the Trustee on enforcement of the Security and all other cash sums available 
to the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may be, derived from the Mortgaged Property 
for such Series; less 
 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Master 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds 
of Liquidation) on any Issuer Application Date or by the Trustee pursuant to Master 
Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security) on any 
Trustee Application Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Redemption Amount is payable by the Issuer in 
respect of any Notes, the Collateral comprised in such Physical Redemption Amount shall not, 
in any way, constitute Available Proceeds. 
“Bank” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(a) (Bearer Notes). 
“Bankruptcy Credit Event” means the occurrence of a Credit Event as a result of Bankruptcy, 
and with each of “Credit Event” and “Bankruptcy” having the meaning given to them in the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to a party, (i) such party (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of such party, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or

--- Page 85 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
85 
 
person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market 
standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and/or (iii) such party is an Affiliate of another party and a Bankruptcy 
Event has occurred with respect to such other party (provided that for the purposes of 
determining whether a Bankruptcy Event has occurred with respect to such other party, sub-
paragraph (iii) of this definition shall be disregarded). 
“Base Currency” means (i) for a Series of Notes comprising Classes denominated in more 
than one currency, the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) 
otherwise, the Specified Currency. 
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified 
Denomination and Title). 
“Board” means the board of directors of the relevant Issuer. 
“Broken Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Business Centre” means any business centre specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; 
 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in such Business Centres or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of such Business Centres; and/or 
 
any other day specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, 
(ii) the Following Business Day Convention, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention and (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Calculation Agent (a) is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding 
or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, or is not dismissed,

--- Page 86 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
86 
 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of the Calculation Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the 
Swap Counterparty and a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred with respect to 
such Swap Counterparty. 
“Calculation Agent Business Day” means a business day in the jurisdiction of the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Interest Accrual Period, the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Calculation Amount Factor” means, in respect of a Note, the number equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
“Calculation Period” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Day Count Fraction” in 
this Master Condition 1(a). 
“Cash Redemption Portion” means a cash amount equal to (i) the Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Proceeds minus (ii) the Physical Top-Up Portions (if any). 
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified Denomination 
and Title). 
“Class Collateral” has, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable 
in respect of a Series, the meaning given to it in such Issue Terms. 
“Classes” means, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in 
respect of a Series, such classes as are specified in such Issue Terms and “Class” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Clearing System Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(b)(iii) 
(Registered Notes). 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  
“Collateral” means, in connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or 
interests in and to: 
 
the Original Collateral (other than any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, 
posted or otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex); and

--- Page 87 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
87 
 
 
from time to time, any CSA Posted Collateral held by the Issuer; and 
 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the 
Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex. 
The term “Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (w) any net 
proceeds of Liquidation remaining following the Liquidation of Collateral in respect of the 
redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes then outstanding which were not then payable to 
Noteholders, (x) any further Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further 
issue of notes that are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or a class 
thereof, (y) any Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any 
Collateral previously held by it and (z) any asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of 
doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) into which any of the Collateral is converted or 
exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Collateral for or 
on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
“Collateral Basket Notes” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Basket Product 
Supplement. 
“Collateral Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events which are specified to 
be applicable in the Issue Terms: 
 
Original Collateral Call;  
 
Original Collateral Default;  
 
Original Collateral Non-Call Event; 
 
Original Collateral Payment Failure;  
 
Original Collateral Conversion; or 
 
Currency Redenomination Event. 
“Collateral Obligor” means any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any 
relevant person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the Collateral 
pursuant to the terms of such Collateral. 
“Component Collateral” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Non-Physically 
Deliverable Collateral Component. 
“Compounded Daily SARON” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B) 
(Screen Rate Determination). 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B) (Screen 
Rate Determination). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B) 
(Screen Rate Determination). 
“Compounded Daily €STR” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B) (Screen 
Rate Determination). 
“Conditions” means, in respect of the Notes, the Master Conditions as modified and 
supplemented by any Additional Conditions set out in any Product Supplement that is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and further subject to completion and 
amendment, and as supplemented and/or varied by the provisions of the applicable Issue

--- Page 88 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
88 
 
Terms, provided that where such Notes are issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Conditions may not be amended, supplemented or varied by the 
provisions of the Final Terms. References to a particularly numbered Master Condition shall be 
construed as a reference to the Master Condition so numbered in the Master Conditions. 
To the extent that the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case 
may be, the Conditions shall be as defined above but as completed, amended, supplemented 
and/or varied by the terms of the Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be. See 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form” on pages 276 to 281 for a description thereof. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the Irish Corporate Services Agreement or the 
Dutch Corporate Services Agreement, as applicable.  
“Corporate Services Provider” means the Irish Corporate Services Provider or the Dutch 
Corporate Services Provider, as applicable. 
“Corporate Services Provider Fees” means any fees charged by, or any other amounts owed 
to, the relevant Corporate Services Provider for the performance of its duties pursuant to the 
relevant Corporate Services Agreement. 
“Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event” means (i) the Swap Counterparty (a) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), and/or (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of the Swap Counterparty, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement of 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.

--- Page 89 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
89 
 
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Linked Notes” has the meaning given to it in the CLN Conditions Product Supplement. 
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Master Agreement” in 
this Master Condition 1(a). 
“CSA Posted Collateral” means any securities, cash or other assets or property transferred 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex that are Eligible 
Credit Support comprising the Credit Support Balance of the Swap Counterparty (as such 
terms are defined in the Swap Agreement). 
“Currency Redenomination Event” means, in respect of any Original Collateral, that the 
currency in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor pays (or is required under any 
applicable law to pay) interest or principal is redenominated, substituted or otherwise changed 
from the currency in which any such payment of interest or principal was, at the date the 
relevant Original Collateral became Collateral for the purposes of the Notes, due to be made. 
“Custodian” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Series and a Reference Rate: 
 
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is 
made or the information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition 
of “Reference Rate Cessation”); and 
(B) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-
representative; 
 
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred; and  
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; 
 
 in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date;  
 
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Representative Statement Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Representative Statement Event Date; and  
 
in respect of a Material Change Event, the later of:

--- Page 90 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
90 
 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Material Change Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Material Change Event Date, 
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source and one 
or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London 
Business Days before the date determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (iv) above (as 
applicable), then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second London Business Day following 
the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the 
last day of such period) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 91 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
91 
 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 92 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
92 
 
 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
“Dealer Agreement” means the dealer agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Arranger and 
initial Dealer and any other parties thereto by execution of the Programme Deed. 
“Default Interest” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
“Delivery Instruction Certificate” means, in respect of any delivery of Collateral to a 
Noteholder under the Conditions, a delivery instruction certificate substantially in the form set 
out in the Principal Trust Deed, validly completed and executed by the relevant Noteholder. 
“Determination Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Disposal Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Disposal Agent (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other

--- Page 93 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
93 
 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of the Disposal Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee 
or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the 
market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and/or (iii) the Disposal Agent is an Affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty and a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred. 
“Disposal Agent Fees” means any legal fees incurred by the Disposal Agent or any fee 
charged by, or any other amounts owed to, the Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties 
specified in, or incidental to, the Conditions. 
“Dutch Articles” means the memorandum of association and the articles of association of the 
Dutch Issuer, as may be amended from time to time. 
“Dutch Corporate Services Agreement” means the management agreement dated 22 
September 2020 and entered into between, amongst others, the Dutch Corporate Services 
Provider and the Dutch Issuer. 
“Dutch Corporate Services Provider” means Intertrust Management B.V., a private company 
with limited liability having its registered office at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 JB Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands and registered with number 33226415. 
“Dutch Issuer” means Platinum Securities Netherlands B.V. 
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note (or, where applicable, 
each Early Redeeming Note) other than a Credit Linked Note or a Collateral Basket Note, 
outstanding on the relevant Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method 
for determining such amount specified therein) or, if no such amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
 
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
is “Cash Settlement” and the applicable Issue Terms do not specify that Classes apply, 
or where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is “Noteholder Settlement Option” and all Noteholders have elected or have been 
deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, an amount per 
Note determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (i) 
the Specified Currency Proceeds plus (ii) any Termination Payment in respect of the 
Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon) minus (iii) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement 
that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any 
interest payable thereon);  
 
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is “Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the Noteholders has not elected 
or has not been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount per Note in respect of

--- Page 94 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
94 
 
which an Early Cash Redemption Amount is payable (if any) equal to (i) that Note’s pro 
rata share (amongst only those Notes in respect of which an Early Cash Redemption 
Amount is payable (if any)) of the Cash Redemption Portion and (ii) an amount of cash 
equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst all Notes outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date) of: 
 
the Specified Currency Proceeds; less 
 
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; less 
 
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; plus 
 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the 
Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon); minus 
 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon); and 
 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be an amount per Early Redeeming Note equal to that Early 
Redeeming Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Affected Class Cash Redemption Portion plus 
(ii) any Affected Class Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is 
payable to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty minus (iii) any Affected Class 
Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer, provided that where all or part of such cash sums are not 
denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each such part thereof, as the 
case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate determined by the 
Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for 
sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Early Redeeming Class of Notes” means a Redeeming Class of Notes or a Triggered Class 
of Notes. 
“Early Redeeming Note” means any Note forming part of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(p) (Definition 
of Early Redemption Amount). 
“Early Redemption Commencement Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as such 
pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Early Redemption Date” means: 
 
for all purposes other than where an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurs as 
a result of an Original Collateral Call pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
following a Collateral Event), or as a result of Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption of all 
Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), 
the earlier of (a) the tenth Reference Business Day following the relevant Early 
Redemption Commencement Date and (b) the date designated as such by the 
Calculation Agent (provided that all proceeds of such Liquidation of the Collateral have 
been received by or on behalf of the Issuer); 
 
for the purposes of an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurring as a result of 
an Original Collateral Call pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a

--- Page 95 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
95 
 
Collateral Event), the day that falls 10 Reference Business Days after the later of the 
Original Collateral Early Payment Date and the relevant Early Redemption 
Commencement Date (provided that if all of the Collateral has been redeemed and/or 
Liquidated on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to such date, the Early 
Redemption Date shall be the third Reference Business Day after the later of (x) the 
Early Redemption Commencement Date and (y) the date on which all proceeds of such 
redemption and/or Liquidation of the Collateral have been received by or on behalf of 
the Issuer); and 
 
for the purposes of an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurring pursuant to 
Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in 
respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), the fifth Reference Business Day following 
the relevant Early Redemption Commencement Date. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Noteholders of 
that Series in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) (or, in the case of Master 
Condition 8(m) (Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default), from the Trustee 
to the Issuer) that specifies that the Notes of that Series are to be redeemed pursuant to Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) or Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes 
following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), as the case 
may be. An Early Redemption Notice given pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase) must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Notes of the relevant Series are to be redeemed, and, in the case of an 
Early Redemption Notice given by the Issuer, must specify the anticipated Early Redemption 
Date and which of Master Conditions 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) to 8(o) 
(Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of 
Notes only), as the case may be, are applicable. A copy of any Early Redemption Notice shall 
also be sent by the Issuer to all Transaction Parties relating to that Series, save that any failure 
to deliver a copy shall not invalidate the relevant Early Redemption Notice. 
“Early Redemption Notification Period” means the period of five Reference Business Days, 
or such other period as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“Early Valuation Date” means the fifth Reference Business Day following the relevant Early 
Redemption Commencement Date. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“EEA Regulated Market” means a market which complies with the requirements set out in 
Article 4.1 (14) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
“Enforcement Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
 
the Issuer fails to pay (a) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of Notes 
or Class thereof and/or (b) any interest or Instalment Amount in respect of any Series of 
Notes or Class thereof that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, and, in 
each case, has not paid any such amount (together with any Default Interest accrued 
thereon) on or by the Relevant Payment Date;

--- Page 96 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
96 
 
 
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date, payment and/or 
delivery in respect of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of any Series 
or Class thereof is not made on the Early Redemption Date (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, such failure to pay in respect of any Class of Notes shall trigger an Enforcement 
Event in respect of each Class of Notes outstanding); or 
 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable 
and/or deliverable, as the case may be, to the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
(whether before or after the Maturity Date), the failure by the Issuer to pay any amount 
due and payable to the Swap Counterparty on the relevant due date for payment under 
the Swap Agreement. 
“Enforcement Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 14(b) (Enforcement 
Notice). 
“Equivalent Obligations” means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that 
share common terms and conditions. 
“EU Benchmark Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds. 
“EURIBOR” means the relevant euro interbank offered rate. 
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption following 
the occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral” means any Remaining Original Collateral left after 
all Note Entitlements and Aggregated Note Entitlements have been allocated out of the 
Available Deliverable Collateral. 
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means all cash sums derived from the 
Liquidation of the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral, provided that where all or part of 
such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each such 
part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified 
Currency. 
“Exercised Note” means a Note in respect of which a Noteholder Settlement Option has been 
exercised or deemed exercised, as the case may be. An Exercised Note may not be withdrawn 
without the Issuer’s consent. 
“Exercise Notice” means an exercise notice in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Principal Trust Deed. 
“FATCA” means (i) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; (ii) any similar or successor legislation 
to sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; (iii) any regulations or guidance pursuant to either of the 
foregoing; (iv) any official interpretations of any of the foregoing; (v) any intergovernmental 
agreement to facilitate the implementation of any of the foregoing (an “IGA”); or (vi) any law 
implementing an IGA; or (vii) any agreement with the United States or any other jurisdiction or 
authority pursuant to any of the foregoing.

--- Page 97 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
97 
 
“FATCA Withholding Tax” means any withholding imposed on any payments in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to FATCA. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Note, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (i) the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
Additional Conditions (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein), (ii) if “Physical Settlement” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Redemption Amount, or (iii) if no amount is so specified, 
the outstanding nominal amount of such Note. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms completed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Floating Rate Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business 
Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in 
respect of the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9 (l) 
(Reference Business Day Convention). 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business Day 
Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in 
respect of the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) 
(Reference Business Day Convention).  
“GEM” means the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
An “Illegality Event” shall occur if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law 
after the Issue Date, or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after 
such date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer (i) to perform any absolute or contingent obligation 
to make a payment or delivery in respect of the Notes or any agreement entered into in 
connection with the Notes, (ii) to hold any Collateral or to receive a payment or delivery in 
respect of any Collateral or (iii) to comply with any other material provision of any agreement 
entered into in connection with the Notes. 
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has 
the meaning given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”. 
“Information Reporting Regime” means (i) the common standard on reporting and due 
diligence for financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development, bilateral and multilateral competent authority agreements, and 
treaties facilitating the implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common 
standard, competent authority agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty, (ii) Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation and any law 
implementing such Council Directive and (iii) FATCA. 
“Initial Issuer Application Date” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Issuer 
Application Date” in this Master Condition 1(a).  
“Initial Trade Date” means, in respect of a Note, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
“Instalment Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable

--- Page 98 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
98 
 
Issue Terms or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein. 
“Instalment Date” means, in respect of a Note, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“interest”, in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Notes, shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Master Condition 7 
(Interest). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is British pound sterling, 
(ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither British pound sterling nor 
euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro, in each case subject to any applicable 
adjustment provisions provided for in the Conditions. 
“Interest Payment Date” means: 
 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
 
in respect of all Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes: 
(a) 
each date specified as a Specified Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 99 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
99 
 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, each such Interest 
Payment Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention 
for the purpose of determining the Interest Accrual Period (even if, for the avoidance of doubt, 
such Interest Payment Dates are adjusted for the purpose of payment of Interest Amounts). 
“Interest Period End Date” means the day on which an Interest Period ends but which is 
excluded from the Interest Period by the definition thereof. 
“Irish Articles” means the memorandum of association and the articles of association of the 
Irish Issuer, as may be amended from time to time. 
“Irish Corporate Services Agreement” means the management agreement dated 6 March 
2014 and entered into between Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited 
and the Irish Issuer as subsequently novated pursuant to a deed of novation dated 15 July 
2018 and entered into between Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited, 
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited and the Irish Issuer. 
“Irish Corporate Services Provider” means Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited, 
a private limited company with limited liability having its registered office at Block A, George’s 
Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
“Irish Issuer” means Argentum Securities Ireland plc. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
as published by ISDA. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and, in respect of each Series, as amended and 
supplemented up to and including the Initial Trade Date of the first Tranche of such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination). 
“Issue Date” means, in relation to each Tranche, the date on which the Notes of that Tranche 
have been issued or, if not yet issued, the date agreed for their issue between the Issuer and 
the Dealer for such Tranche 
“Issue Deed” means the issue deed entered into by the Transaction Parties and such other 
parties specified therein in relation to the Notes which, amongst other things, creates the 
Master Agreement and supplements and, to the extent agreed amongst the parties thereto, 
amends the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents in respect of such Notes only 
(but provided that where one or more further Tranches of Notes are issued in accordance with 
Master Condition 21(a) (Further Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with 
the Notes, and where the context so requires, references to the Issue Deed shall be deemed 
to include the Issue Deed entered into in respect of such further Tranche or Tranches).

--- Page 100 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
100 
 
“Issue Terms” means the applicable Final Terms or, where an Alternative Drawdown Document 
is prepared (which shall be the case for Credit Linked Notes and Collateral Basket Notes), the 
applicable terms and conditions set out in such Alternative Drawdown Document, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Deed. 
“Issuer” means, the Irish Issuer or the Dutch Issuer and, in respect of a Series of Notes, shall 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. References to “Issuers” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
“Issuer Application Date” means each of: 
 
where no Physical Redemption Amount is payable in respect of any Notes, the Early 
Redemption Date or Relevant Payment Date, as applicable or, if later, the fifth Reference 
Business Day after the earliest date on which the amount owing to or from the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Redemption Amount and any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and 
payable on the Maturity Date in respect of the Series or any relevant Class thereof, as 
applicable, have been determined pursuant to the Conditions and/or the terms of the 
relevant Transaction Document(s), as applicable and, to the extent not all the Collateral 
has been Liquidated in full or the cash proceeds of such Liquidation have not been 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer by such time, each day that is five Reference 
Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of additional proceeds resulting from the 
related Liquidation; or 
 
where a Physical Redemption Amount is payable in respect of any Notes, the Early 
Redemption Date or Relevant Payment Date, as applicable or, if later, the later of (a) the 
date falling five Reference Business Days after all the Collateral required to be liquidated 
has been liquidated in full and the cash proceeds have been received by or on behalf of 
the Issuer and (b) the fifth Reference Business Day after the earliest date on which the 
amount owing to or from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount and any interest or Instalment 
Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, have 
been determined pursuant to the terms of the Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction 
Document(s), as applicable (the Issuer Application Date pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) 
or this sub-paragraph (ii), as the case may be, the “Initial Issuer Application Date”); 
and 
 
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged Property that has not 
already been applied on the Initial Issuer Application Date, the date falling five Reference 
Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of such sum. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master 
Conditions. 
“LIBOR” means the relevant London interbank offered rate. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Collateral (or, in the case of an Early Redeeming Class 
of Notes, any Affected Class Collateral), the realisation of such Collateral (or, in the case of an 
Early Redeeming Class of Notes, any Affected Class Collateral) for cash proceeds whether by 
way of sale, early redemption, early repayment or agreed termination or by such other means 
as the Disposal Agent determines appropriate or in any other manner specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or, in the case of a Bankruptcy Event affecting the Issuer, realisation

--- Page 101 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
101 
 
by such means as determined by any competent bankruptcy officer and “Liquidate”, 
“Liquidated” and “Liquidating” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Liquidation Commencement Date” means the later of (i) the day on which the Disposal 
Agent receives a Liquidation Commencement Notice and (ii) if Noteholder Settlement Option 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Settlement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Liquidation Commencement Notice” means a notice from the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent in writing to the Disposal Agent, the Custodian and the Trustee of the occurrence of a 
Liquidation Event, which may be in respect of the Series or of one or more Early Redeeming 
Classes of Notes. Any Early Redemption Notice and/or Swap Termination Notice given or 
copied to the Disposal Agent shall constitute a Liquidation Commencement Notice. 
“Liquidation Event” means: 
 
default is made in the payment or delivery of (a) the Final Redemption Amount or (b) any 
interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date; 
or 
 
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date. 
“Liquidation Expenses” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(d) (Costs and 
expenses). 
“Master Agreement” means (i) where a Swap Counterparty for the Notes is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Credit Suisse International, the agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and Credit Suisse International by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the 
form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule (the “Schedule”) thereto 
and which, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall include a credit support annex to 
the Schedule to the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement in the form of the ISDA Credit Support Annex 
(Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the “Credit Support Annex”) or (ii) where a Swap Counterparty 
for the Notes is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an entity other than Credit Suisse 
International, the agreement defined as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Master Conditions” means these master conditions, as set out in Part C of Schedule 2 of the 
Principal Trust Deed. References to a particularly numbered Master Condition shall be 
construed as a reference to the Master Condition so numbered in the Master Conditions. 
“Material Change Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in 
the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Material Change Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to 
it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Maturity Cut-off Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 15(e) (Foreign 
exchange conversion). 
“Maturity Date” means, in respect of a Note, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“MiFID II” means 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended) 
“Modifications“ has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 12(c) (Consequential 
amendments).

--- Page 102 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
102 
 
“Modifications Certificate“ has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 12(c)(iii) 
(Consequential amendments). 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the 
Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) 
and (ii) in respect of the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 
9(l) (Reference Business Day Convention).  
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited, which is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. 
“Mortgaged Property” means: 
 
the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
 
all cash (if any) held by the Issuer in respect of the Series; 
 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement (if any) and the 
rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from any 
such Swap Agreement; 
 
the rights and interest of the Issuer under the Agency Agreement and the rights, title and 
interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from the Agency 
Agreement; and 
 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights 
and/or agreements of the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital) from time to time 
charged or assigned or otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in 
favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case may be, 
in each case securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the context 
permits, any part of that Mortgaged Property. 
“New Collateral Criteria” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of 
Original Collateral). 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral” means the aggregate of all Non-Physically 
Deliverable Collateral Components (which may be one only) in respect of the Remaining 
Original Collateral. 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, 
for each type of Original Collateral comprising the Remaining Original Collateral (each, a 
“Component Collateral”), an aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral equal 
to the product of (i) the aggregate nominal amount of all such Component Collateral and (ii) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding in respect of which an Early Cash 
Redemption Amount is payable (if any) divided by the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding, with the resulting product of (i) and (ii) being rounded up to the nearest tradable 
unit of such Component Collateral, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (the aggregate 
nominal amount of any such rounding up in respect of the relevant Component Collateral, being 
the “Non-Physical Rounding Component”). 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, 
all cash sums derived from the Liquidation of the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral, 
provided that where all or part of such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified 
Currency, such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into

--- Page 103 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
103 
 
the Specified Currency at a rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the 
spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and 
purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Non-Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to such term in the definition 
of Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component. 
“Note Entitlement” has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 8(s)(i) (Physical 
Redemption Amounts). 
“Note Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons). 
“Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the person 
in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and “holder” (in relation 
to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) 
save that for so long as such Notes or any part thereof are represented by a Global Note or 
Global Certificate held by or on behalf of one or more clearing systems, each person (other 
than one clearing system to the extent that it appears on the books of another clearing system) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by the relevant clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error), shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and each Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the right to 
payment on such nominal amount or interest (if any) on such Notes, the right to which shall be 
vested, as against the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent, solely in the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note or the person in whose name the Global Certificate is registered in accordance 
with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the Trust Deed and the expressions “holder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be construed 
accordingly. 
“Notes” means the secured notes issued under this Programme. 
“Obligation” means:  
 
in respect of the Irish Issuer, (i) any secured obligation, which shall include, without 
limitation, any Note, and (ii) any other obligation that is in the form of, or represented by, 
a bond, note, certificated security or other security and any obligation that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement 
or declaration of trust or similar document issued or entered into by the Irish Issuer 
pursuant to the Programme; and 
 
in respect of the Dutch Issuer, (i) any obligation of the Dutch Issuer for the payment or 
repayment of borrowed money, which shall include, without limitation, any Note and (ii) 
any other obligation that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note, certificated 
debt security or other debt security and any obligation that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement.

--- Page 104 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
104 
 
“Original Collateral” means, in connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer’s rights, title 
and/or interests in and to: 
 
one or more transferable securities specified in the applicable Issue Terms as forming 
part of the Original Collateral and issued by or representing obligations of one or more 
persons; and/or 
 
loans, deposits, shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts or any other asset or 
property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as forming part of the Original Collateral and 
representing obligations of one or more persons. 
The term “Original Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (x) any 
further Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes 
that are to be consolidated and form a single series or class thereof with the Notes, (y) any 
Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any Original 
Collateral previously held by it, respectively and (z) any asset or property (which may, for the 
avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) into which any of the Original 
Collateral is converted or exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person 
holding such Original Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt Original Collateral shall not include any CSA Posted Collateral or 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, or deriving therefrom. 
“Original Collateral Call” means notice is given that any of the Original Collateral is called for 
redemption or repayment or prepayment (whether in whole or in part) prior to its scheduled 
maturity date. 
“Original Collateral Call Date” means the date on which the Original Collateral may be called 
by the Original Collateral Obligor in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Original 
Collateral.  
“Original Collateral Conversion” means the conversion of the Original Collateral into any 
other financial instrument upon the exercise by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor of any 
option or other right to convert the Original Collateral under the terms and conditions of the 
Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Default” means any of the Original Collateral becomes payable or 
repayable or becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
for whatever reason, otherwise than in accordance with their scheduled repayment profile or 
as a result of the exercise of an issuer option or a holder option unless such option arises as a 
result of an event of default, a tax event or other similar event (which shall also be triggered 
where any Original Collateral comprises bail-in eligible debt and a bail-in occurs with respect 
to such Original Collateral as a result of the application of resolution procedures to the 
Collateral Obligor whether by way of reduction of the principal amount outstanding of such 
Original Collateral or otherwise). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Original Collateral Reference 
Rate is adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Original 
Collateral Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Original Collateral or 
otherwise, the definition or description of which event either:

--- Page 105 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
105 
 
 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation 
event”, an “administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in 
each case regardless of the contents of that definition or description); or 
 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative Statement 
Event” and/or “Material Change Event”. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning 
given to it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(B) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(B) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the 
meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(i)(ii)(C) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to 
the terms of the Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to 
the terms of the Original Collateral on the Original Collateral Obligor Reference 
Date; minus 
 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the 
terms of any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement following the 
occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event and the application of any 
relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the 
terms of such hedge transactions on the date immediately preceding the date on 
which the Original Collateral Disruption Event occurred; minus 
 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions 
to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the Original 
Collateral and such hedge transactions which have resulted following the occurrence 
of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(A) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event).

--- Page 106 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
106 
 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning 
given to it in Master Condition (C)9(i)(i)(C) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption 
Event). 
“Original Collateral Early Payment Date” means, following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Call, the day on which the Original Collateral that is the subject of the Original 
Collateral Call is scheduled to redeem or repay early. 
“Original Collateral Non-Call Cut-off Date” means the final day of the period during which 
the Original Collateral Obligor can give notice to the holders of the Original Collateral that the 
Original Collateral is to be called in whole in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Non-Call Event” means the Original Collateral Obligor failing to give 
notice that the Original Collateral is to be called in whole on the Original Collateral Call Date 
by no later than the Original Collateral Non-Call Cut-off Date or the Original Collateral Obligor 
makes a public announcement of its intention not to exercise a call right in respect of the 
Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Obligor” means the Collateral Obligor in respect of the Original Collateral 
from time to time. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the Initial Trade Date or, if 
different, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Original Collateral Payment Failure” means, in respect of any Original Collateral, the failure 
by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor to make a scheduled payment on the date, in the 
place and in the currency such payment was scheduled to be made as at the Original Collateral 
Obligor Reference Date (disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or 
adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof) in 
respect of such Original Collateral.  
“Original Collateral Proceeds” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Value of the 
Original Collateral” in this Master Condition 1(a).  
“Original Collateral Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark 
or price source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is 
determined. 
“Original Collateral Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(d)(i) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons). 
“Original Programme Deed” means an agreement entered into by the Issuer and other parties 
the execution of which originally created the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement and certain other documentation in respect of the 
Programme. 
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Physical Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(s) 
(Physical Redemption Amounts). 
“Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(s)(i) 
(Physical Redemption Amounts).

--- Page 107 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
107 
 
“Physical Settlement” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Physical Top-Up Portion” means the aggregate of the cash amounts obtained in respect of 
each Component Collateral by multiplying (i) the portion of the Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Proceeds in respect of that Component Collateral and (ii) the fraction obtained by 
dividing (a) the Non-Physical Rounding Component in respect of that Component Collateral 
divided by (b) the aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral. 
“Pre-Conditions to Delivery” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(r)(ii) 
(Provisions relating to Physical Redemption Amounts). 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, 
the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference 
Rate Event. 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business Day 
Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in 
respect of the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) 
(Reference Business Day Convention). 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, the Final Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase). 
“Principal Trust Deed” means the principal trust deed entered into by the Issuer, HSBC 
Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited and others by execution of the Programme Deed. 
“PRIIPs Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.  
“Priority Fallback” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d) (Specific Provisions 
for Certain Reference Rates). 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 25(b) (Jurisdiction). 
“Product Supplement” means any Product Supplement which is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Programme” means, in respect of each Issuer, a programme for the issuance of secured 
notes, which programme was established by such Issuer by execution of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Date” means, in respect of each Issuer and considered as at the Issue Date, the 
date on which such Issuer and the other parties thereto entered into the Programme Deed to 
establish the Programme. 
“Programme Deed” means the Original Programme Deed, or thereafter, an agreement 
entered into by the Issuers and other parties on the Programme Date and the execution of 
which (in respect of the Irish Issuer) created or (in respect of the Dutch Issuer) amended and 
restated the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Repurchase and Cancellation 
Agreement and certain other documentation in respect of each Issuer’s Programme. 
“Programme Parties” means the Arranger, the Calculation Agent, the Custodian, the 
Dealer(s), the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, 
the Trustee and the Vendor.

--- Page 108 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
108 
 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
“Quotation” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(b)(iii)(2) (Liquidation process). 
“Quotation Dealer” means a dealer in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be 
obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the relevant Issue Terms selected by 
the Calculation Agent. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no 
successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations 
are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may select any other Quotation Dealer(s) as a 
substitute. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and 
that is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
“Rating Downgrade Triggers” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 11(d) 
(Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a Ratings Downgrade) and 
“Rating Downgrade Trigger” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Receipts” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(b)(ii) (Registered Notes). 
“Redeeming Class of Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(n) 
(Redemption following an Early Redemption Commencement Date in respect of certain 
Class(es) only). 
“Redeeming Note” means any Note forming part of a Redeeming Class of Notes. 
“Reference Business Day” means (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the places specified for that purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms under “Reference Business Day” and/or (ii) if “TARGET” or “TARGET 
Settlement Day” is specified under “Reference Business Day” in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
TARGET Settlement Day. 
“Reference Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, (iii) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention and (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by 
reference to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the 
extent that any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source referred to in a Replacement 
Reference Rate applies in respect of a Series, it shall be a "Reference Rate" for that Series 
from the day on which it first applies. 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 109 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
109 
 
 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it 
is actually defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to 
which a Priority Fallback is specified. 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series, that one or more of the following has occurred 
(including where any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date): 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation; 
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which 
may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, 
on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate 
(or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the 
Financial Stability Board's paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” 
dated 22 July 2014 (a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); or 
(iv) 
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (a) 
the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that 
the statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks 
activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) 
in contracts (a “Representative Statement Event” and the date on which the 
Reference Rate is non-representative being the “Representative Statement Event 
Date”); or 
(v) 
if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the 
Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially 
change (a “Material Change Event” and the date on which the material change is 
effective being the “Material Change Event Date”). 
“Reference Rate Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Reference Rate Redemption Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Master 
Condition 8(j)(iv) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event). 
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable

--- Page 110 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
110 
 
Issue Terms. 
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified Denomination 
and Title). 
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified 
Denomination and Title). 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
A “Regulatory Event” shall occur if:  
(i) 
as a result of the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, 
regulation or regulatory guidance or interpretation;  
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation; or  
(iii) 
as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official 
capacity, 
in each case after the Issue Date (including, without limitation, in connection with the 
application of (i) Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any implementing legislation in an EU 
Member State or the Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment) Regulations 2013 
in the UK (as amended by the Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019), (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and 
the rules and regulations adopted thereunder and (iii) any technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules of procedures with 
respect to any of the foregoing), (x) it is or will be unlawful or there is a reasonable likelihood 
of it being unlawful for (I) the Issuer to maintain the Notes or that the maintenance of the 
existence of the Notes would make it unlawful to maintain the existence of any other notes 
issued by the Issuer or (II) for the Issuer to perform any duties in respect of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any transactions necessary or advisable to hedge the Issuer’s risks in 
connection with the Notes), or (y) the costs of the Issuer complying with its obligations under 
the Trust Deed or under the Notes or its operating or administrative expenses are materially 
increased and the Issuer is unable to obtain the costs of such increase from another party or 
source. 
“Regulatory Event Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(k) 
(Redemption following a Regulatory Event).  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment 
in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relevant Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation.

--- Page 111 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
111 
 
“Relevant Market Data” means, in relation to any determination by the Calculation Agent, any 
relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of 
information: 
(i) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one 
or more third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(ii) 
information of the type described in paragraph (i) above from the Calculation Agent’s 
internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer for 
adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (i) above may include, without 
limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the 
relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market 
information. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank 
for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof 
“Relevant Noteholder Proportion” means the Noteholders (which may be of the Series, a 
Class or a number of Affected Classes, as applicable) in respect of which a meeting is, or is to 
be, convened or in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution is proposed to be passed by 
way of Written Resolution or Electronic Consent. 
“Relevant Number” in respect of a Screen Rate, has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Payment Date” means, in the case of a Liquidation relating to a Liquidation Event 
arising due to the failure to pay the Final Redemption Amount or any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, the day which falls 10 Reference 
Business Days after the Maturity Date. 
“Remaining Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(b)(ii)(2) 
(Liquidation process). 
“Replacement Collateral Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral). 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an interest rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement 
Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
 a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or

--- Page 112 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
112 
 
(ii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by (A) any Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor 
of the Reference Rate (provided that such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source is substantially the same as the Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) 
which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which 
recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member 
announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) (an “Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”). 
 
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall specify a date on which the interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source was recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard 
replacement (which may be before such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
commences). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Master Condition 9(c)(ii) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning 
given to it in Master Condition 9(c)(iii)(B) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Master Condition 9(c)(ii)(C) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Master 
Condition 9(c)(iii)(A) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given to it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Representative Statement Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given to it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement” means the repurchase and cancellation 
agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealer(s) by execution of the 
Programme Deed. 
“Residual Amount” means, with respect to an application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds in connection with a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, as 
applicable, all remaining proceeds (if any) after the application of the Available Proceeds or 
Affected Class Collateral Proceeds, as applicable, to satisfy the payments set out in Master 
Condition 15(a) (i) to (vi) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or in Master Condition 15(b)(i) to (vi) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Resolved” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it 
in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”.

--- Page 113 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
113 
 
“Sanctions” means any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. 
Government, the United Nations, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, the State 
Secretariat for Economic Affairs of Switzerland or the Swiss Directorate of International Law. 
“Schedule” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Master Agreement” in this Master 
Condition 1(a). 
“Screen Rate” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B) (Screen Rate 
Determination). 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment 
Obligations. 
“Secured Payment Obligations” means the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Deed, the Swap Agreement and each Note, Coupon, Receipt and Talon, together with any 
obligation of the Issuer to make payment to the Disposal Agent or any other Agent pursuant to 
Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
enforcement of Security), as the case may be. 
“Security” means the security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security Documents 
(as the case may be). 
“Security Document” means the Trust Deed or any other security document in respect of the 
Notes which creates or purports to create security in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors. 
“Series Prospectus” means a prospectus relating to the Notes that are listed on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, 
incorporating by reference the whole or any part of the Base Prospectus, in the form set out in 
Appendix 2 (Form of Issue Terms of an Alternative Drawdown Document). 
“Settlement Option Cut-off Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(p)(ii) 
(Definition of Early Redemption Amount). 
“Sole Noteholder” means the 100 per cent. holder of all outstanding Notes from time to time. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Currency Proceeds” means the Actual Currency Proceeds, provided that where 
all or part of such Actual Currency Proceeds are not denominated in the Specified Currency, 
such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the 
Specified Currency at a rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot 
foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase 
of the Specified Currency. 
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date(s)” means, in respect of a Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note), each date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 114 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
114 
 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to an Agent, the office identified with its name in the 
applicable Issue Terms or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Principal Trust Deed. 
“Standard & Poor’s” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
“Substituted Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral). 
“Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of 
Original Collateral). 
“Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(q)(i) (Suspension of 
payments). 
“Swap Agreement” means, in respect of Notes for which a Master Agreement is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Deed, an agreement comprising the Master Agreement with 
respect to the relevant Swap Counterparty together with all Swap Transactions entered into 
between the Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. 
“Swap Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments). 
“Swap Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b)(iii) (Swap 
Amendments). 
“Swap Counterparty” means the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any successor thereto. 
“Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount” means the amount (if any) in the Base Currency 
of the Interest Amount (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) that the Swap Counterparty is 
obliged to transfer to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex as a result of the Notes 
falling due for redemption. 
“Swap Counterparty Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement, 
that an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred with respect to the 
Swap Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred 
where the Issuer has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of 
all outstanding Swap Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to 
have been designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, 
under the Swap Agreement for that Series for any reason other than as a result of the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date in respect of that Series other than 
pursuant to Master Condition 8(f) (Redemption for termination of Swap Agreement). 
“Swap Termination Notice” means a notice of termination given under the Swap Agreement 
by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, in connection with which an Early 
Termination Date is designated or is deemed to have been designated in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions thereunder. 
“Swap Transaction” means a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty in relation to the Notes or a Class thereof.

--- Page 115 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
115 
 
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any 
Authority having power to tax. 
“Termination Payment” means any Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) due under the Swap Agreement. 
“Transaction Document” means, in respect of the Notes, each of the Security Document(s), 
the Issue Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Swap Agreement (if any), 
the Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement, the Programme Deed and any other agreement 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Transaction Party” means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer, and 
any other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions. 
A “Trigger Event” shall occur on any day if the Value of the Original Collateral plus the Trigger 
Swap Gain (if any) or minus the Trigger Swap Loss (if any) is equal to or less than the Trigger 
Level. 
“Trigger Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Trigger Swap Gain” means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Trigger Swap Value would be 
payable to the Issuer, the absolute value of the Trigger Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Trigger Swap Loss” means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Trigger Swap Value would 
be payable to the Swap Counterparty, the absolute value of the Trigger Swap Value, or (ii) 
otherwise, zero. 
“Trigger Swap Value” means, in respect of any day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent and expressed in the Base Currency that is equal to the Early Termination Amount (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) of the Swap Agreement (but excluding any Unpaid Amounts 
relating to the Credit Support Balance of either the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the 
Credit Support Annex) that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, under the Swap Agreement, upon a termination of the Swap 
Agreement on such date. Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on the basis 
that:  
 
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party;  
 
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Early Termination Amount payable by the Issuer 
shall be limited to the sum of the prevailing Value of the Original Collateral; and 
 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap 
Agreement applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof.

--- Page 116 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
116 
 
“Triggered Class of Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(o)(i) 
(Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of 
Notes only). 
“Triggered Note” mean any Note forming part of a Triggered Class of Notes. 
“Trust Deed” means the Principal Trust Deed together with the provisions of the Issue Deed 
relating to the relevant Series which are expressed therein as forming part of the Trust Deed. 
“Trustee” means HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited. 
“Trustee Application Date” means each date on which the Trustee determines to apply the 
Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds in accordance with the Conditions 
and the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“UK” means the United Kingdom.  
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” means the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. 
“Unrounded Note Entitlement Component” has the meaning given to such term in Master 
Condition 8(s)(i) (Physical Redemption Amounts). 
“Value of the Original Collateral” means, in respect of any day, (i) prior to the scheduled 
maturity of the Original Collateral in accordance with its terms and conditions, the value of the 
Original Collateral determined by the Calculation Agent (together with the amount of any 
redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect thereof) as at such day and (ii) on or 
following the date on which the Original Collateral is redeemed at its scheduled maturity in 
accordance with its terms, an amount equal to the redemption proceeds paid in respect thereof 
(the “Original Collateral Proceeds”), provided that where all or part of such value of the 
Original Collateral Proceeds are not denominated in the Base Currency, such amount (or each 
such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Base Currency at a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Base Currency and purchase of the Base Currency. 
“Vendor” has the meaning given to it in the Programme Deed. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
With respect to the Notes, references to the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Dealer Agreement or any other Transaction Document created by the execution of the 
Programme Deed and to each Corporate Services Agreement, as the case may be, are to 
those documents as amended or supplemented from time to time (whether by way of any 
supplements to, or amendment and restatements of, the Programme Deed, as the case may 
be, or otherwise) in relation to the Programme as they stand as of the Issue Date of the Notes 
(including any amendments or supplements made with respect only to that particular issue of 
Notes, whether in the Issue Deed or otherwise) and thereafter, together with references to the 
Swap Agreement, are to those documents as they may then be subsequently amended, 
supplemented or replaced in respect of the Notes as permitted by the Conditions and the Trust 
Deed with respect to the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where one or more further 
Tranches of Notes are issued in accordance with Master Condition 21(a) (Further Issues) so

--- Page 117 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
117 
 
as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes, or a class thereof, the reference 
to Issue Date in this paragraph shall be to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes. 
2 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in 
each case in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
The Notes shall have a minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of the issue of the Notes); provided that, in the case of the Irish Issuer, if the 
Notes are not admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, the Notes shall have a minimum 
purchase amount of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of the issue of 
the Notes) and may have a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons in the Conditions are not applicable. Instalment 
Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate shall 
represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to Bearer Notes and Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure will be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on 
the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify Classes in respect of a Series, the Notes of all such 
Classes shall comprise a single Series (without distinction between the Classes, save as expressly 
provided herein, in the Issue Terms and in the Trust Deed) and the Notes of each Class shall rank 
pari passu and without any preferences amongst the Classes. References herein to Notes or Series 
shall, where such a Series comprises Classes, also refer to Notes of each of the Classes as the 
context requires. 
3 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No exchange of Notes 
Registered Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
118 
 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified Office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes 
to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed, 
and any such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be subject to and effected in 
accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Master Condition 3(b) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) shall be available for delivery within three business days of the surrender of the relevant 
Certificate together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required by the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified 
Office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the 
holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such 
other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Master Condition 3(c), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the Specified Office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as 
the case may be). 
(d) 
Transfers free of charge 
Transfers of Notes and Certificates pursuant to Master Condition 3(b) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered: (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of any Instalment 
Amount in respect of that Note; (ii) after the occurrence of any Early Redemption 
Commencement Date and/or any Liquidation Event in relation to such Note; or (iii) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.

--- Page 119 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
119 
 
4 
Constitution, Status, Collateral and Non-applicability 
(a) 
Constitution and status of Notes 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Notes are secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves, secured in the manner described in Master Condition 5 (Security) and 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Master Conditions 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds), 16 (Enforcement of 
Rights or Security) and 17(a) (General limited recourse). 
(b) 
Collateral 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may acquire rights, title and/or interests in 
and to the Collateral. The Original Collateral shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or interests in and to the 
Collateral, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to the Series of Notes as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms relating to the Series of Notes. 
(c) 
Non-applicability 
Where no reference is made in the Issue Deed and the Issue Terms to any Original Collateral, 
references in the Conditions to any such Original Collateral, to any Secured Payment 
Obligation relating to such Original Collateral and to any related Original Collateral Obligor or 
Secured Creditor relating to such Collateral, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. Where 
no reference is made in the Issue Deed and the applicable Issue Terms to any Swap Agreement 
and/or Swap Counterparty (or any Credit Support Annex thereto), references in the Conditions 
thereto shall not be applicable. 
5 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Deed, the Secured Payment Obligations are secured 
in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors, pursuant to the 
Trust Deed, by:  
 
a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived 
therefrom (from time to time); 
 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching or 
relating to the Collateral and all property, sums or assets derived therefrom, including, 
without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal 
value thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing 
system or through a financial intermediary; 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest against the 
Custodian, to the extent that they relate to the Collateral and/or the Notes; 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
Agency Agreement, to the extent they relate to the Collateral and/or Notes;

--- Page 120 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
120 
 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Swap 
Agreement (without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting 
provision contained in the Swap Agreement); 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
Agency Agreement, to the extent that they relate to any assets held by the Custodian in 
respect of the Notes; 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights against the Disposal Agent under 
the terms of the Agency Agreement (or any other agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Disposal Agent) to the extent that such rights relate to the Collateral 
and/or the Notes; 
 a first fixed charge over (A) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation and (B) any sums received 
by the Issuing and Paying Agent under the Swap Agreement; and 
 
a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal 
Agent relating to the Transaction Documents and the Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the above, investors should note that where any Collateral and/or any 
property, assets and sums derived therefrom are held by the Custodian in book-entry form, the 
security interests granted in respect of the same might, as a result of such book-entry holding, 
take the form only of a security interest over the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian in respect 
of such Collateral and/or property, sums and assets, as the case may be, rather than a charge 
over such Collateral and/or property, sums and assets derived therefrom themselves. 
Additionally, the Secured Payment Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a 
Security Document other than the Trust Deed as specified in the relevant Issue Deed. 
Certain of the assets being the subject of the Security shall be released from the Security 
automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities, to the extent required for the 
Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes and/or under 
the related Swap Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due and 
payable or deliverable, or in connection with the purchase of Notes or as otherwise provided 
for under the Conditions or the relevant Transaction Documents in respect of a Series. 
(b) 
Substitution of Original Collateral 
If “Original Collateral Substitution” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
holder(s) of more than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding shall have the right at any time, by giving at least 10 Reference Business 
Days’ notice substantially in the form set out in the Principal Trust Deed, validly completed and 
executed by the holder(s) (such notice a “Substitution Notice”) to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent and the Swap Counterparty, and sufficient proof of 
ownership of the Notes as the Issuer and the Trustee shall require, to request a substitution of 
any Original Collateral (such Original Collateral, the “Substituted Original Collateral”) with a 
nominal amount of new collateral obligations (rounded down to the nearest whole 
denomination) that fulfil the criteria set out in the Issue Terms (the “New Collateral Criteria”, 
and such new collateral obligations, the “Replacement Collateral Obligations”) on a date 
specified in such Substitution Notice (provided that such date shall not be less than 10 
Reference Business Days following the date of the Substitution Notice). Upon receipt of the 
net proceeds of Liquidation from a Liquidation effected pursuant to this Master Condition 5(b),

--- Page 121 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
121 
 
the Issuer shall use all such proceeds to purchase as many Replacement Collateral Obligations 
as it can with such net proceeds of Liquidation, which may be more or less than the number of 
Replacement Collateral Obligations identified in the relevant Substitution Notice. Any net 
proceeds of Liquidation remaining after such purchase will be deposited by the Issuer with the 
Custodian. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, upon the effective delivery of a valid Substitution Notice to the 
Disposal Agent identifying Replacement Collateral Obligations which satisfy the New Collateral 
Criteria (as verified by the Calculation Agent and certified by it to the Disposal Agent), the 
Security described in Master Condition 5(a) (Security) will be automatically released without 
any further action on the part of the Trustee but only to the extent necessary to allow the 
Disposal Agent to Liquidate the Substituted Original Collateral and the Disposal Agent shall be 
obliged to effect such Liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, provided that 
nothing in this Master Condition 5(b) will operate to release the charges and other security 
interests over the proceeds of such Liquidation. 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect any such 
Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, even where a larger amount could possibly be received in 
respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject to such 
requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or 
multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, holders of Receipts or any other person merely because a 
larger amount could have been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the 
Disposal Agent selected a different method of Liquidating any such Collateral. 
Master Conditions 13(c) (Proceeds of Liquidation) to 13(m) (Transfer of Collateral to Custodian) 
(inclusive) shall apply to a Liquidation being effected pursuant to this Master Condition 5(b). 
Any Replacement Collateral Obligations substituted in accordance with this paragraph shall 
thereafter constitute Original Collateral for the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents and shall be secured by way of first fixed charge, and any Substituted Original 
Collateral substituted in accordance with this paragraph shall thereafter cease to be Original 
Collateral for the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents.  
With effect from the date of the delivery of the Replacement Collateral Obligations in 
accordance with this paragraph (unless the Notes are issued by way of an Alternative 
Drawdown Document and such Alternative Drawdown Document specifies otherwise), the 
payment obligations of the parties under the Swap Agreement will be adjusted (subject to and 
in accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments)) so that the payment obligations of 
the Issuer reflect the substitution of the Substituted Original Collateral with the Replacement 
Collateral Obligations and any Credit Support Annex shall be adjusted (subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments)) such that references to the assets 
constituting the Substituted Original Collateral shall be replaced by reference to the assets 
constituting the Replacement Collateral Obligations.

--- Page 122 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
122 
 
(c) 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral 
Prior to the Trustee effectively giving a valid Enforcement Notice to the Issuer (copied to the 
Custodian and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time), the Issuer may, with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution: 
 
take such action in relation to the Mortgaged Property as it may think expedient; and 
 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Mortgaged Property and, in 
particular (but without limitation and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting 
rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any ownership interests in 
respect of such property. 
The Issuer will not exercise any rights with respect to Mortgaged Property unless it has the 
consent or sanction referred to above and, if such consent or sanction is given, the Issuer will 
act only in accordance with such consent or sanction. For the avoidance of doubt, no such 
consent or sanction is required in connection with any assets that are released from the 
Security automatically. 
(d) 
Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event 
Notwithstanding the above, following the effective delivery of a valid Liquidation 
Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), 
the Disposal Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall have the right to undertake any action as 
contemplated by the Conditions and the Agency Agreement as it considers appropriate, and 
any actions in furtherance thereof or ancillary thereto as they relate to the relevant Mortgaged 
Property, without requiring any sanction referred to therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust 
Deed, upon the effective delivery of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal 
Agent the Security described in Master Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be released 
without further action on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent 
to effect the Liquidation of the relevant Mortgaged Property, provided that nothing in this Master 
Condition 5(d) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the 
proceeds of the Liquidation of the Mortgaged Property or over any Mortgaged Property not 
subject to such Liquidation. 
(e) 
Credit Support Annex 
If “Credit Support Annex” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then the 
Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex under the Swap Agreement pursuant to which the 
Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer 
some or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty. The Swap Counterparty may also, if 
required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer to the Issuer from 
time to time CSA Posted Collateral. Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex will be deemed to be released by the Trustee from the Security described in 
Master Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty. 
6 
Restrictions

--- Page 123 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
123 
 
(a) 
For so long as any instrument of the Irish Issuer remains outstanding, the Irish Issuer shall not, 
without the prior consent in writing of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, but subject to 
the provisions of Master Condition 13 (Liquidation): 
 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of instruments to or with 
investors and the entry into of related agreements and transactions and the performing 
of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, provided that any 
instruments issued to or entered into with investors: 
(A) 
are secured on, or otherwise limited in recourse to, specified assets of the Irish 
Issuer other than the Irish Issuer’s share capital, any fees paid to the Irish Issuer 
in connection with any such instruments, and any assets securing, or to which 
recourse is otherwise limited in respect of, any series of other instruments (other 
than Equivalent Obligations); and 
(B) 
contain provisions that limit the recourse of any holder of any such instruments to 
assets other than the Irish Issuer's share capital, any fees paid to the Irish Issuer 
in connection with any such instruments and assets to which any series of other 
instruments (other than Equivalent Obligations) have recourse; 
 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or 
interest therein or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in 
respect thereof; 
 
cause or permit the Swap Agreement or the priority of the Security created by the Trust 
Deed or any other Security Document to be amended, terminated or discharged; 
 
release any party to the Swap Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Issue Deed or 
any other Security Document from any existing obligations thereunder; 
 
have any subsidiaries; 
 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
terms of the Swap Agreement, the Conditions (for the avoidance of doubt, subject but 
not limited to, Master Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) 
(Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) and 21(b) (Swap Amendments) 
and clauses 13.2 (Swap Amendments), 13.4 (Amendments following occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event) and 13.5 (Amendments following occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event) of the Principal Trust Deed), the Principal Trust Deed, the 
Issue Deed, any other Security Document or any other Transaction Document; 
 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
 have any employees; 
 
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof) or make 
any distribution to its shareholders; 
 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (i) 
such account relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations 
have the benefit of security over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (ii) such account 
is opened in connection with the administration and management of the Issuer and only 
moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it;

--- Page 124 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
124 
 
 
declare any dividends; 
 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises 
or like facilities); 
 guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or 
person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to 
satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
 acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into 
any agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders; 
 
except as required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance 
or lend any of its moneys or assets, including but not limited to the Mortgaged Property, 
to any other entity or person; or 
 approve or sanction any amendment to its constitutional documents, 
except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
(b) 
For so long as any Note issued by the Dutch Issuer remains outstanding, the Dutch Issuer shall 
not, without the prior consent in writing of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, but subject 
to the provisions of Master Condition 13 (Liquidation): 
 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry 
into of related agreements and transactions and the performing of acts incidental thereto 
or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(A) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Dutch Issuer other than the Dutch 
Issuer’s share capital and any assets securing any other Obligations (other than 
Equivalent Obligations); and 
(B) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain provisions that limit the 
recourse of any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to 
any related agreement to assets other than those to which any other Obligations 
(other than Equivalent Obligations) have recourse; 
 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or 
interest therein or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in 
respect thereof; 
 
cause or permit the Swap Agreement or the priority of the Security created by the Trust 
Deed or any other Security Document to be amended, terminated or discharged; 
 
release any party to the Swap Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Issue Deed or 
any other Security Document from any existing obligations thereunder; 
 
have any subsidiaries; 
 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
terms of the Swap Agreement, the Conditions (for the avoidance of doubt, subject but 
not limited to, Master Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) 
(Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) and 21(b) (Swap Amendments) 
and clauses 13.2 (Swap Amendments), 13.4 (Amendments following occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event) and 13.5 (Amendments following occurrence of an Original

--- Page 125 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
125 
 
Collateral Disruption Event) of the Principal Trust Deed), the Principal Trust Deed, the 
Issue Deed, any other Security Document or any other Transaction Document; 
 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
 have any employees; 
 
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof) or make 
any distribution to its shareholders; 
 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (i) 
such account relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations 
have the benefit of security over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (ii) such account 
is opened in connection with the administration and management of the Issuer and only 
moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
 
declare any dividends; 
 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises 
or like facilities); 
 guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or 
person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to 
satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
 acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into 
any agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders; 
 
except as required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance 
or lend any of its moneys or assets, including but not limited to the Mortgaged Property, 
to any other entity or person; or 
 approve or sanction any amendment to its constitutional documents, 
except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
7 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Master Condition 7(g) (Interest 
payable). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Master 
Condition 7(g) (Interest payable).

--- Page 126 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
126 
 
 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, as adjusted by the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Master Condition 7(f) (Margin) below. For the 
purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
For the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate, if an applicable rate has 
not been published on the relevant screen page and an Index Cessation Event 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) has not occurred, then the Calculation Agent 
will apply the provisions of the ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate 
Option to determine the Floating Rate. Where an Index Cessation Event (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for 
Certain Reference Rates) shall apply. 
For the purposes of the definition of “ISDA Rate”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant Screen Rate, as adjusted by 
the Margin (if any) in accordance with Master Condition 7(f) (Margin) below. For 
the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B), “Screen Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to one of the following rates: 
(w) 
Compounded Daily SONIA; 
(x)  
Compounded Daily SOFR;  
(y)  
Compounded Daily €STR; or 
(z)  
Compounded Daily SARON,

--- Page 127 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
127 
 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and provided that if a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Screen Rate, the 
provisions of Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) 
shall apply. If no Reference Rate Event has occurred but the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Screen Rate for an Interest Period cannot be determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B), the 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to comparable benchmarks then available. 
The Rate of Interest will be subject to a minimum of 0.00 per cent. (unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms) or greater (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and may also be subject to a maximum (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms). 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(ii)(B), the following definitions shall apply. 
(I) 
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA and Index Determination is 
not applicable: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Date (as further specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“do” means (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Issue Terms) for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the SONIA 
Observation Period;

--- Page 128 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
128 
 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any calendar day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
“Relevant Screen Page” is the page specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“SONIA Observation Period” means the period from and including the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date; 
“SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate (“SONIA”) for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
 where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to such day; or 
 where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SONIAi, where 
SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London 
Banking Day. 
(II) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA and Index Determination 
applies: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
based on the SONIA Compounded Index, calculated by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 129 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
129 
 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1






 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“Sonia Compounded Index” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Determination Dates; 
“Sonia Compounded Indexx” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
“Sonia Compounded Indexy” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number 
of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date. 
(III) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR and Index Determination is 
not applicable: 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Determination Date (as further specified in the applicable Issue Terms) as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1





















 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
“do” means (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) for any SOFR Observation 
Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant

--- Page 130 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
130 
 
Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the SOFR Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“SOFR Reference Rate”, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (“USBDx”), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing 
rate (“SOFR”) for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) (the “SOFR Administrator”) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website 
of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the “New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website”) (in each case, on or about 5.00 p.m., New York City 
time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such USBDx) or, if the New York Federal Reserve’s Website is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the SOFR Administrator; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
 where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such day; or 
 where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, where 
SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate 
for such day;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Interest Period End 
Date; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.

--- Page 131 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
131 
 
(IV) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR and Index Determination 
applies: 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
based on the SOFR Index, calculated by reference to the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
 
where: 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined (the number of calendar days in the applicable 
SOFR Observation Period); 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at the 3.00 p.m. New York 
City time;  
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
(V) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily €STR: 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short term rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following formula, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
d
360
360
n
€STR
Relevant
o
d
i
i
i




















1
1
1
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
relevant €STR Observation Period;

--- Page 132 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
132 
 
“dO” is the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (where “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
“€STR Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the day falling 
“p” TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
to (but excluding) the day falling “p” TARGET2 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date; 
“€STR Reference Rate”, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short term (“€STR”) rate for such TARGET2 Business 
Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such rate (the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on or about 9.00 
a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET2 Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET2 Business Day) or if the ECB’s Website is unavailable as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator;  
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day “i”, the €STR 
reference rate for the TARGET2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Business Day in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
€STR Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET2 Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET2 Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET2 Business Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of TARGET2 Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
TARGET2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“Relevant €STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day “i”: 
 where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
 where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate 
for such day; and 
“TARGET2 Business Day” or “TBD” means any TARGET Settlement Day.

--- Page 133 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
133 
 
(VI) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SARON: 
“Compounded Daily SARON” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest 
rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Date by reference to the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“db” is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
“dc” is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON 
Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any Zurich Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the first following Zurich 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
TARGET2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“Relevant Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading 
on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich 
Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time); 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking 
Day; 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of SARON; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such 
Zurich Banking Day; 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
) −1] 𝑥360
𝑑𝑐

--- Page 134 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
134 
 
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the day falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling “p” Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
(c) 
Change of Interest Basis Notes 
If, in respect of a Note, Change of Interest Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interest Basis in respect of such Note shall change from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or vice 
versa, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, on the Interest Period(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Any such Note: 
 
shall be treated as a Fixed Rate Note for the Interest Period(s) for which the Interest 
Basis is specified to be Fixed Rate (and, accordingly, Master Condition 7(a) (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to any such Note in respect of such Interest Period(s)); 
and 
 
shall be treated as a Floating Rate Note for the Interest Period(s) for which the Interest 
Basis is specified to be Floating Rate (and, accordingly, Master 7(b) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes) shall apply to any such Note in respect of such Interest Period(s)). 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Zero 
Coupon (such Note, a “Zero Coupon Note”), is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not 
paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption save that if, upon 
due presentation, payment of the full amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date 
for redemption is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid amount 
of principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and regardless of the Interest 
Basis) from and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at (i) 
the overnight rate for deposits in the currency in which the payment is due to be made as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its commercially reasonable manner or (ii) such other 
rate as may be specified for such purposes in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest (the 
“Default Interest”) shall be compounded daily with respect to the overdue sum at the above 
rate. 
(f) 
Margin 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), then an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rate(s) of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Period(s), in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Master Condition 7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate

--- Page 135 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
135 
 
Notes) by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value 
of such Margin, subject always to this Master Condition 7(f). 
(g) 
Interest payable 
The interest payable in respect of any Note for a relevant period shall be an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount, as determined in accordance with this Master Condition 7(g), and the Calculation 
Amount Factor of the relevant Note. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, 
unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual 
Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, such Note shall become due 
and payable on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note to 
which Master Condition 8(b) (Redemption by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note that provides in the applicable 
Issue Terms for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts, such Note (an “Instalment Note”) 
shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption following a Collateral Event 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Collateral Basket Product Supplement is an 
Applicable Product Supplement, this Master Condition 8(c) shall not apply and the Additional 
Redemption Events set out in Additional Collateral Basket Conditions 3(b) (Early redemption 
following a Collateral Event) and 3(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event) on 
pages 266 to 269 shall apply instead. 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent

--- Page 136 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
136 
 
determines that a Collateral Event has occurred with respect to any Original Collateral and 
gives notice of such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the date of such determination being the “Collateral 
Event Determination Date”), then: 
 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption 
Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) will give 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Collateral 
Event (the date of such notice to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”), including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant 
to such determination, by forwarding with such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the 
notice delivered by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Collateral Event 
Determination Date or the information provided therein; and 
 
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its 
Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the 
relevant Collateral Event is continuing. The payment of such amount shall satisfy all the 
Issuer’s obligations under and in relation to such Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Collateral Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Collateral 
Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(d) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
 
Subject to paragraph (II) below and provided that no Early Redemption Commencement 
Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect 
of all Notes then outstanding (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may have occurred 
separately pursuant to one or more Master Conditions), the Issuer shall, as soon as is 
practicable after becoming aware of (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation 
Agent or otherwise) the occurrence of a Note Tax Event and/or an Original Collateral Tax 
Event (or, in any case, within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note shall become due and payable on 
the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the 
only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
A “Note Tax Event” will occur if: 
(I) 
either the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that on the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes, the Issuer will be required by any applicable law 
to withhold, deduct or account for an amount for any present or future taxes, 
duties or charges of whatsoever nature other than a withholding or deduction in

--- Page 137 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
137 
 
respect of an Information Reporting Regime or would suffer the same in respect 
of its income so that it would be unable to make in full the payment in respect of 
the Notes in respect of such due date;  
(II) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes, such a withholding, 
deduction or account is actually made in respect of any payment in respect of the 
Notes; or  
(III) 
the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of 
Notes has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information 
in accordance with Master Condition 12(b) (Provision of information) such that 
any payment received or payable by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or 
withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to 
an Information Reporting Regime, 
other than where such event constitutes an Original Collateral Tax Event. 
An “Original Collateral Tax Event” will occur if the Issuer, in its or the Calculation 
Agent’s determination: 
(I) 
is or will be unable to receive any payment due in respect of any Original 
Collateral in full on the due date therefor without a deduction for or on account of 
any withholding tax, back-up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction; 
(II) 
is or will be required to pay any tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature imposed 
by any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in respect 
of any Original Collateral; and/or 
(III) 
is or will be required to comply with any reporting requirement (other than in 
respect of FATCA or any other Information Reporting Regime that is not materially 
more onerous to comply with than FATCA) of any authority of any jurisdiction in 
respect of any payment received in respect of any Original Collateral, 
provided that the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to avoid such deduction(s), payment(s) and/or 
reporting requirements described in sub-paragraphs (I) to (III) of this definition by filing 
a valid declaration that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by executing any 
certificate, form or other document in order to make a claim under a double taxation 
treaty or other exemption available to it. If the action that the Issuer would be required 
to undertake so as to avoid any such deduction(s), payment(s) and/or reporting 
requirements would involve any material expense or is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, 
unduly onerous the Issuer shall not be required to take any such action. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a withholding imposed on payments in 
respect of any Original Collateral as a result of FATCA shall constitute an Original 
Collateral Tax Event. For the purposes of this definition, if on the date falling 60 days 
prior to the earliest date on which FATCA Withholding Tax could apply to payments 
under, or in respect of sales proceeds of, the relevant Original Collateral (such 60th day 
prior being the “FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign financial 
institution” or “nonparticipating FFI” (as such terms are used under section 1471 of the 
Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the Issuer will be deemed on the 
FATCA Test Date to be unable to receive a payment due in respect of such Original

--- Page 138 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
138 
 
Collateral in full on the due date therefor without deduction for or on account of any 
withholding tax and, therefore, an Original Collateral Tax Event will have occurred on the 
FATCA Test Date. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold, deduct or account for any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature referred to in paragraph 
(i) above arises solely as a result of any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s connection with 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding 
of any Note or receiving or being entitled to any payment in respect thereof then, to the 
extent possible, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, 
from the amount(s) payable to such Noteholder or Couponholder, and provided that 
payments to other Noteholders or Couponholders would not be impaired, the Issuer shall 
not give an Early Redemption Notice pursuant to paragraph (i) above. Any such 
deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under Master Condition 8(m) 
(Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default), a Liquidation Event under 
Master Condition 13 (Liquidation) or an Enforcement Event under Master Condition 14 
(Enforcement of Security). 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall 
be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Note Tax Event or 
Original Collateral Tax Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent 
shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice 
thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to 
the Trustee of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event or Original Collateral Tax Event, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Trigger Event 
If “Trigger Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Series, 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Trigger Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination to the 
Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the 
date of such determination being the “Trigger Event Determination Date”), then: 
 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption 
Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Trigger Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent with an Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, 
on its behalf) will give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and attach to that 
a copy of the notice delivered by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Trigger Event 
Determination Date or include the information provided therein; 
 
the Trigger Event Determination Date shall be the “Early Redemption Commencement 
Date” (and the Early Redemption Commencement Date may therefore, for the 
avoidance of doubt, be prior to the date on which an Early Redemption Notice is given 
to the Noteholders); and 
 
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its 
Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the 
Trigger Event is continuing on such date.

--- Page 139 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
139 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Trigger Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(f) 
Redemption for termination of Swap Agreement 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof 
from the Calculation Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of a Swap Termination Event (or, in 
any case, within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to 
the Noteholders and each Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Early Redemption Date has previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed 
to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
 
pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement the Issuer becomes aware that it is able 
to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement pursuant to the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Event 
and such right is then continuing; 
 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; and 
 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
under any other Condition in respect of all Notes outstanding (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may have occurred separately pursuant to one or more Master Conditions), 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the 
same. Following delivery of such notice from the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution and provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and that no further Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, 
give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of 
all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with Master Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall 
constitute an Early Redemption Notice for purposes of the first paragraph of this Master 
Condition 8(f). 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Swap Termination Event or Swap 
Counterparty Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any

--- Page 140 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
140 
 
obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or 
any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Swap Termination Event or Swap Counterparty Event, 
the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively 
on such notice without further investigation. 
(g) 
Redemption for a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event  
The Issuer shall, if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution that a Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Credit Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be given 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon as 
is practicable upon being so directed (or, in any case, within two Reference Business Days 
thereof) and each Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early 
Redemption Date has previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall become due 
and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been 
given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding 
in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, may deliver a request in writing to the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of Noteholders to be convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution to resolve that a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event 
has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to deliver an Early Redemption Notice in respect of the 
Notes in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption 
Date has previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition. Any such request must (i) 
describe the Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event alleged to have occurred, and (ii) contain 
information that reasonably confirms that the Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred. Upon receipt of a valid request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements 
outlined in the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall convene a meeting of relevant Noteholders 
in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit 
Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured 
Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of 
the occurrence of a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice and any related 
Extraordinary Resolution without further investigation. 
(h) 
Redemption following an Illegality Event 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof 
from the Calculation Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of an Illegality Event (or, in any 
case, within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders and each Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or 
Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall become due and 
payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be

--- Page 141 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
141 
 
the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest 
thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall 
be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Illegality Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer 
effectively gives notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an 
Illegality Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to 
rely on such notice without further investigation. 
(i) 
Redemption following an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series, the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Series specify that 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” is applicable and the Calculation Agent has given an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice (copied to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified and 
attach to that a copy of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include 
the information provided therein and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable 
on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid 
pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class 
Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount 
payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been 
given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall have 
any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption 
Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation to 
give nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice thereof to the Issuer or 
any Secured Creditor that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. If the 
Calculation Agent gives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice to the 
Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(j) 
Redemption following a Reference Rate Event 
If, in respect of a Series: 
 
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before a 
Cut-off Date in accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate 
Event); 
 
it (A) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (B) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent perform the 
actions prescribed in Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) (or 
it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time);

--- Page 142 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
142 
 
 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or 
governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty to material 
additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake; or 
 
having identified a Replacement Reference Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread 
in accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments provided for in Master Condition 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) would not achieve a commercially reasonable 
result for any of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Noteholders (each of paragraphs 
(i) to (iv) above, a “Reference Rate Redemption Event”), 
then the Calculation Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty). The Issuer shall then give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so 
notified and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Master 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note 
and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on 
which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early 
Redemption Commencement Date”. 
(k) 
Redemption following a Regulatory Event 
If “Regulatory Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant 
Series, provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination to the 
Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the 
date of such determination being the “Regulatory Event Determination Date”), then: 
 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption 
Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Regulatory Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent with an Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, 
on its behalf) will give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and attach to that 
a copy of the notice delivered by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Regulatory 
Event Determination Date or include the information provided therein; 
 
the Regulatory Event Determination Date shall be the “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”; and 
 
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its 
Early Redemption Amount, irrespective of whether the Regulatory Event is continuing 
on such date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Regulatory Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or

--- Page 143 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
143 
 
the Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(l) 
Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event 
If “Additional Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the 
relevant Series, provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption 
Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, the Issuer shall, as 
soon as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation 
Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event (or, in any case, 
within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders and each Note to which such Additional Redemption Event relates shall become 
due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been 
given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Additional Redemption Event 
has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured 
Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation. 
(m) 
Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, provided that no Early 
Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to this or 
any other Condition in respect of all Notes outstanding (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
have occurred separately pursuant to one or more Master Conditions), the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided that the Trustee 
shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Issuer that all but not some only of the Notes in respect of which no 
Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has previously occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition shall become due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon) on the Early Redemption Date: 
 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest or Instalment 
Amount in respect of any Notes forming part of the Series, other than any interest or 
Instalment Amount due and payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any 
such default occurs as a result of a Collateral Event, a Note Tax Event, an Original 
Collateral Tax Event, a Swap Termination Event, a Swap Counterparty Event, a 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event, an Illegality Event, an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event (to the extent the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice) or a Reference Rate Redemption Event; 
 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under 
any Notes forming part of the Series or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such default is capable of remedy, is not in the

--- Page 144 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
144 
 
opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have 
been effectively given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
 
the Issuer: (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution); (2) admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) save 
to the extent contemplated in the Trust Deed, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Noteholders, or such 
a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(4) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, 
such proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, 
or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding up or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any assets on 
which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the 
Trust Deed; (7) other than the Trustee (except in circumstances where the Trustee is 
enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust Deed) or the Custodian, has a secured party 
take possession of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant 
Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets 
on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to 
the Trust Deed and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; 
or (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (1) to (7). 
For the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents, in relation to any Events 
of Default, the date on which the related Early Redemption Notice is deemed to be given shall 
be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Principal Trust Deed that, within ten Business Days of the 
publication of the Issuer’s annual financial statements in each year and within 14 days of any 
request from the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director (or, in the 
case of the Irish Issuer, by two Directors if the Irish Issuer has more than one Director) to the 
effect that, having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and 
belief of the Issuer as at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate, no 
Event of Default or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time 
and/or issue of a certificate, become an Event of Default has occurred since the certification 
date of the last such certificate or (if none) the date of such Principal Trust Deed or, if such an 
event had occurred, giving details thereof.

--- Page 145 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
145 
 
(n) 
Redemption following an Early Redemption Commencement Date in respect of 
certain Class(es) only 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in respect of a Series: 
 
if “Independent Class Early Redemption” is not specified as applicable in such Issue 
Terms, any Early Redemption Notice delivered in respect of one Class of Notes shall be 
deemed to also apply to the other outstanding Class(es) of Notes and, accordingly, the 
Early Redemption Commencement Date shall be applicable to all outstanding Classes 
of Notes notwithstanding that the Early Redemption Commencement Date did not occur 
in respect of all Classes of Notes (each Class of Notes, a “Redeeming Class of Notes”) 
and all Notes shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date by payment to each 
Noteholder of its Early Cash Redemption Amount; and 
 
if “Independent Class Early Redemption” is specified as applicable in such Issue Terms, 
any Early Redemption Notice delivered in respect of one or more Class(es) of Notes 
shall apply to such Class(es) of Notes only (each such Class of Notes, a “Redeeming 
Class of Notes”) and not to all outstanding Classes of Notes and each Redeeming Class 
of Notes shall be redeemed on its Early Redemption Date by payment to each 
Noteholder of its Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
(o) 
Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain 
Class(es) of Notes only 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes and “Independent Class Early 
Redemption” apply in respect of a Series (such that certain Class(es) of Notes can redeem 
early rather than an Early Redemption Commencement Date applying in respect of all 
outstanding Classes of Notes) and an Enforcement Notice is delivered in respect of any 
Redeeming Class of Notes: 
 
the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) will, within five Business Days 
of the receipt of such Enforcement Notice, give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders of all outstanding Classes of Notes of the relevant Series specifying that (i) 
an Enforcement Notice has been delivered in respect of another Class of Notes, and (ii) 
accordingly, all other outstanding Classes of such Series (each, a “Triggered Class of 
Notes”) shall redeem early and, as such, the Enforcement Notice delivered in respect 
of the Redeeming Class of Notes shall be deemed to apply to the Triggered Class of 
Notes; 
 
the date of the Enforcement Notice delivered in respect of the Redeeming Class of Notes 
shall, for the purposes of each Triggered Class of Notes, be the “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”; 
 
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Triggered Class of Notes shall be 
determined on a Business Day falling within the period of five Business Days 
commencing on the Early Redemption Commencement Date; 
 
each Triggered Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption 
Date at its Early Cash Redemption Amount; and  
 
notwithstanding paragraph (iv) above, the Trustee shall enforce all of the Security on the 
Early Redemption Date subject to and in accordance with Master Condition 14(c) 
(Enforcement of Security), and the Noteholders of the Triggered Notes shall be paid

--- Page 146 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
146 
 
(along with, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders of the Redeeming Notes) in 
accordance with Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
enforcement of Security). 
(p) 
Definition of Early Redemption Amount 
The “Early Redemption Amount” means: 
 
where “Cash Settlement” is specified as the Early Redemption Settlement Method or if 
no method is specified, the Early Cash Redemption Amount; and 
 
where “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified as the Early Redemption 
Settlement Method, each Noteholder may, by depositing not later than the third Business 
Day following the related Early Redemption Notice (or such other period as may be 
agreed by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty) (the “Settlement Option Cut-off 
Date”), the relevant Exercised Notes at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, together with an Exercise Notice, elect whether to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount or the Physical Redemption Amount, provided that (i) if no valid 
election is made as to Early Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption Amount 
by a Noteholder by the Settlement Option Cut-off Date, (ii) if the Pre-Conditions to 
Delivery are not satisfied by such Noteholder on or prior to the Settlement Option Cut-
off Date, (iii) the Collateral is not comprised of any Original Collateral on the Settlement 
Option Cut-off Date, and/or (iv) if the Noteholder Settlement Option has been exercised 
by a Sole Noteholder and it is not physically or legally permissible to deliver the Original 
Collateral to such Sole Noteholder, then each Noteholder will be deemed to (a) have 
elected for Cash Redemption to apply, and (b) to receive the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Noteholder Settlement Option has been 
exercised by a Sole Noteholder and such Sole Noteholder is deemed to have elected to 
receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, if such Sole Noteholder has paid to the 
Swap Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon) pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to Delivery 
in Master Condition 8(r)(ii) (Provisions relating to Physical Redemption Amounts), such 
amount shall not be deducted from the Early Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with paragraph (ii)(e) of the definition thereof. 
(q) 
Suspension of payments 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration 
of any applicable grace period) amount to a Collateral Event, no payment of principal or 
interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes during the period of ten 
Business Days following such determination (the “Suspension Period”) and the 
Calculation Agent shall give written notice to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Trustee and the Noteholders of such determination. If, at any time during the 
Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Collateral Event has 
occurred, then the provisions of Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a 
Collateral Event) shall apply. If, on the final Business Day of the Suspension Period, no 
such determination has been made, then the balance of the principal or interest that 
would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes shall be due on the second 
Business Day after such final Business Day of the Suspension Period. Noteholders or 
Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a consequence of the fact

--- Page 147 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
147 
 
that such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to this Master 
Condition 8(q).  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
circumstances giving rise to such potential Collateral Event have been remedied (if 
possible) or no longer exist prior to the end of the applicable grace period such that no 
related Collateral Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent shall give written notice 
to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders of such 
determination, then the Issuer shall make any payments that would otherwise have been 
payable in respect of the Notes on the second Business Day following the date on which 
the Calculation Agent makes such determination. In determining whether a payment 
failure has (or may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-
receipt of funds. 
(r) 
Provisions relating to Physical Redemption Amounts 
If an obligation under the Notes in respect of a Series (but not a Class thereof) may be satisfied 
by the payment of a Physical Redemption Amount: 
 
upon satisfaction of the Pre-Conditions to Delivery the Issuer will cause to be delivered 
on or as soon as practicable after the date on which such Early Redemption Amount is 
due, the Physical Redemption Amount for each Note specified in the related Delivery 
Instruction Certificate, in accordance with the instructions contained therein; and 
 
a Noteholder will not be entitled to any Physical Redemption Amount unless (a) it has 
surrendered the relevant Notes (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Certificate 
representing such Notes (in the case of Registered Notes) and delivered a Delivery 
Instruction Certificate at the Issuing and Paying Agent’s Specified Office, (b) it has paid 
all costs and expenses (including any stamp or other taxes) payable in connection with 
the delivery of the Physical Redemption Amount to such Noteholder, (c) it has 
represented and warranted that delivery of the same to such Noteholder is permitted by 
all relevant laws, rules and regulations and the terms of the relevant Remaining Original 
Collateral, and (d) where such Noteholder is a Sole Noteholder, it has paid into the 
account of the Swap Counterparty designated in the Swap Agreement the absolute 
amount of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty in the Termination Currency (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) in freely transferable funds for value within three Business Days of the 
Early Redemption Commencement Date (the “Pre-Conditions to Delivery”), provided 
that the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) may waive the Pre-Conditions to 
Delivery set out above in paragraphs (b), (c) and/or (d) of this Master Condition 8(r)(ii) 
and shall bear any cost resulting from such waiver. As receipt for such Note or Certificate, 
as the case may be, the Issuing and Paying Agent will issue the Noteholder with a 
stamped, dated copy of such Delivery Instruction Certificate. The records of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent will be conclusive evidence of any Noteholder’s entitlement to a 
Physical Redemption Amount provided that the Issuing and Paying Agent shall not be 
responsible or liable for verifying whether or not the Pre-Conditions to Delivery under 
paragraph (b), (c) and/or (d) of this Master Condition 8(r)(ii) have been satisfied. 
References in the Conditions to satisfaction of obligations by payment of a Physical 
Redemption Amount shall, in all circumstances, be deemed to include satisfaction of 
those obligations by delivery of such Physical Redemption Amount.

--- Page 148 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
148 
 
(s) 
Physical Redemption Amounts 
“Physical Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note outstanding on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date (where the Physical Redemption Amount is the Early Redemption 
Amount) or the Maturity Date (where the Physical Redemption Amount is the Final Redemption 
Amount), as the case may be, in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is payable: 
 
such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in respect of which a Physical 
Redemption Amount is due, each an “Unrounded Note Entitlement Component”) of 
an aggregate nominal amount of each Component Collateral comprising the Remaining 
Original Collateral that is available for delivery after excluding the Non-Physically 
Deliverable Collateral (if any) relating to the Notes (the “Available Deliverable 
Collateral”), with each such Unrounded Note Entitlement Component being rounded 
down to the next tradable unit of such Component Collateral (or zero, as applicable) 
(each, being a “Note Entitlement” and the aggregate nominal amount of any rounding 
down, being the “Physical Rounding Component”), provided that where a Noteholder 
holds more than one Note in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is due; 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall aggregate the Unrounded Note Entitlement 
Components in respect of all Notes held by such Noteholder before applying any 
rounding and shall instead round down such aggregated result to the next tradable 
unit of such Component Collateral (each, an “Aggregated Note Entitlement”); 
and 
(B) 
a single Physical Rounding Component shall apply in respect of each Component 
Collateral and all of the Notes of such Noteholder; 
 
an amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in 
respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is due) of the Excess Available 
Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; 
 
an aggregate amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those 
Notes in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is due) of each Physical Top-
Up Portion; and 
 
an amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst all Notes outstanding 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date) of: 
(A) 
the Specified Currency Proceeds; less 
(B) 
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); less 
(C) 
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); plus 
(D) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the 
Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon); less 
(E) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon), save that where the holder of the Note is the Sole Noteholder 
and has paid to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination 
Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon) 
pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to Delivery in Master Condition 8(r)(ii) (Provisions

--- Page 149 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
149 
 
relating to Physical Redemption Amounts), such amount shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(t) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and un-
exchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer and subject to the consent of the Trustee surrendered to any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar for cancellation. The consent of the Trustee in such circumstances shall be 
dependent upon the Issuer satisfying the Trustee that the Issuer has made arrangements for 
the realisation of no more than the equivalent proportion of the Collateral and/or for the 
reduction in the notional amount of the Swap Agreement in connection with the proposed 
purchase of the Notes, which transactions will leave the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities 
in respect thereof. 
(u) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation, in the 
case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes 
to or to the order of the Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(v) 
Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation 
Upon any of the Notes being redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Master Conditions 8(a) 
(Final Redemption) to 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in 
respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only) (inclusive) shall no longer apply to such Notes. In 
addition, and for the avoidance of doubt, Master Conditions 8(c) (Redemption following a 
Collateral Event) to 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect 
of certain Class(es) of Notes only) (inclusive) shall have no effect on or after the Maturity Date. 
9 
Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, Business Day Convention, Reference Rate 
Events and Original Collateral Disruption Events 
(a) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final 
Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest Determination Date and 
on each date the Calculation Agent is required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation under the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document, as the case may be, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and Interest Payment Date, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, obtain such quotation 
and/or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Final Redemption Amount, Early

--- Page 150 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
150 
 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, 
if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount or (ii) in all other cases, the earlier of the date on which any relevant 
payment is due (if determined prior to such time) and the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention), the Interest 
Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount of principal due for 
redemption is not made, no publication of the rates determined in accordance with this Master 
Condition 9(a) to be used in the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the 
Trustee notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other parties. If the 
Calculation Agent at any time does not make any determination or calculation or take any action 
that it is required to do pursuant to the Conditions, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage 
point being rounded up to 0.00001) and (y) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall 
be rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest unit of such currency. For these purposes, “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) 
of such currency (e.g. one cent or one pence). 
(c) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect 
of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer 
(such notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) (copied to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred, provided that no Reference Rate Event Notice shall be required to be delivered 
where the applicable Cut-off Date falls after the latest scheduled payment obligation of 
the Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Reference Rate Event had occurred 
prior to the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
 
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to determine: 
(A) 
a Replacement Reference Rate;

--- Page 151 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
151 
 
(B) 
an Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
such other adjustments (the “Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business 
Day, Reference Business Day, Business Day Convention, Reference Business 
Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Default Interest, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Interest Period 
Date, Interest Period End Date and Rate of Interest) which the Calculation Agent 
determines are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable 
the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread), 
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (A) to (C)together, 
the “Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”). 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an Adjustment 
Spread and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall deliver: 
(A) 
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate Notice”) 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) 
which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread, the 
specific terms of any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments and the Cut-off 
Date; and 
(B) 
a certificate to the Trustee (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent) (such 
certificate, a “Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”): 
(I) 
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement Reference 
Rate, (y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific terms of any 
Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; and 
(II) 
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate 
(as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as 
practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate 
(as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread). 
 
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before the 
Cut-off Date, Master Condition 8(j) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event) shall 
apply. 
 
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the Calculation Agent 
at least two London Business Days before the Cut-off Date, it shall, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments, which amendments will take effect from the Cut-off Date (and the 
amendments effected by any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be

--- Page 152 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
152 
 
expressed as taking effect as of the Cut-off Date). For the avoidance of doubt, references 
to the Reference Rate in the Notes and the Transaction Documents will be replaced by 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread 
(provided that the Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment 
Spread, may not be less than zero).  
The Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent may rely, without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person for so doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall agree to the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) 
in effecting the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that neither 
the Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent shall be required to agree to the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent (each acting reasonably), the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments would (I) expose the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (as 
applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
 
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
having been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices).  
 
Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent nor the Trustee shall have 
any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has 
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any 
notice to the Issuer that a Reference Rate Event has occurred. 
 Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
 
Occurrence of multiple Reference Rate Events 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or 
(ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a 
Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise 
have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred before 
the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Master 
Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event had occurred;

--- Page 153 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
153 
 
(B) 
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a 
Risk-Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event provided 
that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Risk-Free Rate Event Date 
would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes 
non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a 
Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred; 
(C) 
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a 
Representative Statement Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or 
(ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a 
Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Representative 
Statement Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Representative Statement Event Date would have occurred before the Reference 
Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) 
(Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Representative Statement Event had 
occurred; and 
(D) 
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a 
Material Change Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and a Material Change Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Material Change Event provided 
that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Material Change Event Date 
would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes 
non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a 
Material Change Event had occurred. 
(d) 
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates 
With respect to a Reference Rate that would constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for the 
purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions Benchmarks Annex as published by ISDA, if the 
definition of such Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise 
described as an “index cessation event” (regardless of the contents of that definition or 
description) then, for the purposes of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and 
Adjustment Spread pursuant to Master Condition 9(c)(ii) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate 
Event) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, upon the occurrence of 
such an event, any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply following such an 
event (the “Priority Fallback”) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when 
making its determinations in accordance with Condition 9(c)(ii). 
(e) 
Interim Measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Notes and, at that time: 
 
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event); and

--- Page 154 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
154 
 
 
an Early Redemption Commencement Date has not occurred pursuant to Master 
Condition 8(j) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event), 
then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not yet occurred 
(in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the Representative Statement Event Date has 
not yet occurred (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or the Material 
Change Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a Material Change Event), the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply 
to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; 
or 
(B) 
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) above, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate published in 
respect of the Reference Rate at the time at which the Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on (I) the day on which the Reference Rate ceased to be available or 
representative 
(in 
relation 
to 
a 
Reference 
Rate 
Cessation), 
(II) 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
(III) the Risk-Free Rate Event Date (in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event), (IV) the 
Representative Statement Event Date (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) 
or (V) the Material Change Event Date (in relation to a Material Change Event) or, if no 
rate is published at that time, that rate is non-representative or that rate cannot be used 
in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at 
that time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent determination standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgment in any way under Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 
without prejudice to Master Condition 9(c)(vii), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Separate application of fallbacks 
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Master Conditions 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
Early Redemption Commencement Date that occurs pursuant to Master Condition 8(j) 
(Redemption following a Reference Rate Event) in respect of such Series will apply to the 
whole Series. 
(h) 
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate modification 
If “Material Change Event” is not specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms and, in 
respect of a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other 
means of calculating such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to that Reference Rate 
shall be to the Reference Rate as changed unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of an 
Alternative Drawdown Document only, otherwise specified in the applicable Alternative 
Drawdown Document.

--- Page 155 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
155 
 
(i) 
Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Series specify that “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event” is applicable: 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has 
occurred in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a 
notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of such 
Original Collateral Disruption Event (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
No Action Notice”); or 
(B) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions and the Swap 
Agreement (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”) and 
setting out a description in reasonable detail of such amendments (an “Original 
Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); or 
(C) 
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (an “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Redemption Notice”). 
 
If the Issuer receives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice from 
the Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, promptly make the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments, 
provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred in respect of the Notes; 
(B) 
the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is to account 
for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty; and 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee (copied to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) that the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph (B) above. 
The Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent may rely, without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person for so doing, on an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments Certificate, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall agree to 
the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed), provided that neither the Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent shall be 
required to agree to the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments if, in the 
opinion of the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each acting reasonably), the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been

--- Page 156 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
156 
 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any 
Series. 
 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 
(Notices). 
 
Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent nor the Trustee shall have 
any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral 
Disruption Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for 
giving or not giving any notice in respect of an Original Collateral Disruption Event.  
 
Any Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are: 
(A) 
a negative amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may 
be accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
(in each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes for the Series; 
or 
(B) 
a positive amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may 
be accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount 
payable pursuant to the Notes for the Series. 
(j) 
Determinations and actions 
All calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent, as 
applicable under the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Conditions having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated therein (if any) and (where 
relevant) on the basis of information provided to or obtained by the employees or officers of 
the relevant party responsible for making the relevant calculation or determination. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, where the terms of the Notes provide that the 
amount payable at maturity is subject to a minimum amount, no modification to the Conditions 
may be made by the Issuer to reduce the amount so payable to less than the minimum amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of 
the Issuer to modify the Conditions pursuant to Master Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
All calculations and determinations made or actions taken under the Conditions by the 
Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent shall be made or taken in good faith and acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner. In making any such determinations under the Conditions, 
the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent may take into account such factors as it 
determines to be appropriate (including. but not limited to, any circumstances or events which 
it determines has a material effect on any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
(and/or its affiliates)) at any time with respect to the Notes. In the case of each determination

--- Page 157 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
157 
 
and action made or taken under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent 
shall take into account the effect of such determination on the Notes and consider whether fair 
treatment of the Noteholders (but not only individual Noteholders) is achieved by such 
determination in accordance with its applicable regulatory obligations. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Disposal Agent assumes any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust or of a fiduciary nature for or with any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other 
Transaction Party. Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or restrict any duty or liability arising 
under the regulatory framework applicable to any person authorised by the FCA. 
(k) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(l) 
Reference Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Reference Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Reference Business Day, then, if the Reference Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Reference Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Reference 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Reference Business Day of 
the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Reference Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Reference Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Reference Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Reference Business Day. 
10 Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that 
the Receipt is presented for payment together with its related Note), Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Master Condition 10(e)

--- Page 158 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
158 
 
(Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Master Condition 10(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank 
nominated by such holder presenting such Bearer Note, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case 
may be. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or in the case 
of euro in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 10(b) shall 
include final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of 
Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and 
in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 10(b) shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on the day before the due date 
for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note 
shall be made in the relevant currency by transfer to an account nominated by such 
person shown in the Register in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
Bank. 
 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be 
made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the 
close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date 
for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
Specified Offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax, legal or regulatory consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them.

--- Page 159 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
159 
 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or 
after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Receipts and/or 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of these Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, unmatured Coupons, and 
where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as 
the Issuer may require. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. 
 
Default Interest on any Note shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender 
if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may 
be. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Master Condition 18 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment (other than an Interest Payment Date) in respect of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
If an Interest Payment Date is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment until the next following 
business day, except that if the Interest Payment Date would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding business day. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 160 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
160 
 
(h) 
Suspension of obligations following a Sanctions Event 
Notwithstanding Master Condition 8(h) (Redemption following an Illegality Event), if the 
Calculation Agent determines that on any day any Note, Noteholder, the Issuer, the Collateral, 
the Collateral Obligor, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, the Dealer and/or the Swap 
Counterparty: 
 
has become subject to Sanctions; and  
 
as a result of such Sanctions, it has become unlawful for any of the above mentioned 
parties to perform any of their obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (a 
“Sanctions Event”), 
provided that such Sanctions Event is not or would not be unenforceable by reason of a breach 
of (i) any provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (or any law 
or regulation implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union), (ii) 
any provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/1996 of 22 November 1996 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA or (iii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law, 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Transaction Parties and the Issuer 
(or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent with the relevant notice shall, following receipt of such notice, to the extent 
permitted by law, give a notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Sanctions Event) 
upon which the affected obligations, including the obligation to make any payments, shall be 
suspended and remain suspended until the date on which the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Transaction Parties that it has determined that such Sanctions Event is no longer continuing 
(such date, the “Sanctions Event End Date”). 
For as long as a Sanctions Event is continuing, all amounts that would otherwise fall due shall, 
to the extent permitted by the relevant Sanctions, be treated in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines to be appropriate in the circumstances, which may include payment into a 
suspense account. No interest shall accrue on any such amounts during such suspension. 
On the Calculation Agent Business Day following the Sanctions Event End Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the principal and/or interest amounts (if any) payable to the 
relevant Noteholders (taking into account, where relevant, the occurrence and effect of any 
events during the period in which the Sanctions Event was continuing) and such amounts shall 
be paid by the Issuer five Calculation Agent Business Days following the Sanctions Event End 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Sanctions Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for 
any loss occasioned by the occurrence of a Sanctions Event. If the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent effectively gives notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation. 
11 Agents 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and

--- Page 161 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
161 
 
their respective Specified Offices are listed in the applicable Issue Terms. Subject to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
with the approval of the Trustee (except that the approval of the Trustee shall not be required 
for the appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent or Calculation Agent where Noteholders 
direct the Issuer to appoint such replacement pursuant to this Master Condition 11) to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent or the Calculation Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Disposal Agent(s), 
Calculation Agent(s) or such other agents as may be required provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Disposal Agent, (v) a 
Calculation Agent, (vi) a Custodian, (vii) a Paying Agent having its Specified Office either in a 
major European city or in London, and (viii) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each case as approved by the Trustee 
(subject as provided above).  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Master Condition 
10(c) (Payments in the United States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any Specified Office shall promptly be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices). 
(b) 
Calculation Agent appointment, termination and replacement  
If the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount or to make any other calculation or determination required of it under the 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as the case may be, 
or fails to comply with any other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and in each case such failure has not been 
remedied within a reasonable period, or a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or Swap Counterparty 
Event has occurred, of the Swap Counterparty to appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market or other appropriate market that is most 
closely connected with the calculation(s) and/or determination(s) to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place, provided that the terms of such 
appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Calculation 
Agent is appointed; or 
 
if a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event or Swap Counterparty Event has occurred, 
and if the Issuer has been directed by an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint 
a replacement Calculation Agent, provided that such replacement is a financial institution 
of international repute and the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as

--- Page 162 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
162 
 
the terms on which the outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed and to the extent of any 
difference to such terms, that such terms do not adversely affect the terms on which the 
Trustee or any other Agent is appointed, without the prior consent of such adversely 
affected party and the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction for any initial or on-going costs, charges, fees and/or expenses the Issuer 
may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement Calculation Agent 
(whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other third party), the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as 
calculation agent in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Disposal Agent appointment, termination and replacement  
If the Disposal Agent fails duly to establish any rate, amount or value required to be determined 
by it under the Conditions or any Transaction Document or to take the steps required of it under 
the Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document to Liquidate the 
Collateral, as the case may be, or fails to comply with any other material requirement pursuant 
to the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or a Disposal 
Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) with the prior written approval of the Trustee and, provided no Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in relation to the Swap Counterparty, or Swap 
Counterparty Event has occurred, of the Swap Counterparty to appoint a leading bank 
or financial institution engaged in the interbank market or other appropriate market to 
act as such in its place, provided that the terms of such appointment are substantially 
the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent is appointed; or 
 
if a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event or Swap Counterparty Event has occurred, 
and if the Issuer has been directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that the 
Issuer appoint a replacement Disposal Agent, provided that such replacement is a 
financial institution of international repute and the terms of such appointment are 
substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent is appointed 
and to the extent of any difference to such terms, that such terms do not adversely affect 
the terms on which the Trustee or any other Agent is appointed, without the prior consent 
of such adversely affected party and the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction for any initial or on-going costs, charges, fees and/or 
expenses the Issuer may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement 
Disposal Agent (whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other 
third party), the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds 
available for such purpose) to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary 
Resolution as Disposal Agent in respect of the Notes, 
provided that where the appointment of the Disposal Agent is terminated as a result of a 
Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Issuer, the Disposal Agent will no longer be required to 
liquidate the Mortgaged Property. The Mortgaged Property will be realised in the manner 
determined by the competent bankruptcy officer in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings.

--- Page 163 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
163 
 
(d) 
Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a Ratings 
Downgrade 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that “Ratings Downgrade” is applicable in respect of 
the Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent, clause 21.6 (Ratings) of the Agency 
Agreement shall apply and the “Rating Downgrade Triggers” will, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, be a short-term issuer credit rating higher than or equal to “A-2” 
by Standard & Poor’s and “P-3” by Moody’s. 
12 Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding or deductions on payments in respect of the Notes  
Without prejudice to Master Condition 8(d) (Redemption for taxation reasons), all payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the Issuer, the Trustee 
or any Agent is required by applicable law to make. In that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
such Agent shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) so required to be withheld or 
deducted. Neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any Agent will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to Noteholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. For the purposes of this 
Master Condition 12(a), any withholding required by an Information Reporting Regime shall be 
deemed to be required by applicable law. 
(b) 
Provision of information 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of Notes shall, within 10 London 
Business Days of the Issuer giving a request in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) 
or receipt of a request from any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, supply to the Issuer and/or 
any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer such forms, documentation and other information 
relating to such Noteholder’s, Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s status under any 
Applicable Law (including, without limitation, any Information Reporting Regime) or any 
agreement entered into by the Issuer pursuant thereto as the Issuer and/or any agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer reasonably requests for the purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s 
compliance with such law or agreement and such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial 
owner shall notify the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) 
reasonably promptly if it becomes aware that any of the forms, documentation or other 
information provided by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is (or becomes) 
inaccurate in any material respect; provided, however, that no Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner shall be required to provide any forms, documentation or other information 
pursuant to this Master Condition 12(b) to the extent that: 
 
any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be 
provided on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner and cannot be obtained by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner using reasonable efforts; or 
 
doing so would or might in the reasonable opinion of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner constitute a breach of any (A) Applicable Law, (B) fiduciary duty or (C) 
duty of confidentiality, 
and, in each case, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner promptly 
provides written notice to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as

--- Page 164 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
164 
 
applicable) stating that it is unable to comply with the Issuer’s and/or such agent’s 
request and the reason for such inability to comply.  
The Issuer and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, 
documentation and other information provided to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) pursuant to this Master Condition 12(b) to any 
taxation or other governmental authority. 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 12(b), “Applicable Law“ shall be deemed to 
include (a) any rule or practice of any Authority by which the Issuer or any agent on 
behalf of the Issuer is bound or with which it is accustomed to comply, (b) any agreement 
between any Authorities and (c) any agreement between any Authority and the Issuer or 
any agent on behalf of the Issuer that is customarily entered into by institutions of a 
similar nature.  
(c) 
Consequential amendments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of the Notes further agrees and consents 
that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, and in order to (i) comply with the 
terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another jurisdiction with 
respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement, (ii) 
enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or (iii) comply with other 
legislation or agreements under an applicable Information Reporting Regime, in each case, in 
such form as may be required to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the 
Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to and owes no duty to any 
person, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any beneficial owner of 
the Notes, make such amendments to the Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents 
(except for the Programme Deed) as it determines necessary to enable the Issuer to enter into, 
or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation (such amendments, the 
“Modifications“), provided that:  
(i) 
the Modifications are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction Documents 
and the Trustee (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed); 
(ii) 
the Modifications do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Modifications Certificate“) to the 
Trustee and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the Modifications 
(I) are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the 
Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime and (II) do not require a special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and with no liability for so doing, on a 
Modifications Certificate. Upon receipt of a Modifications Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to 
the Modifications without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, provided that the Trustee 
shall not be required to agree to the Modifications if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting 
reasonably), the Modifications would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has 
not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or

--- Page 165 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
165 
 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document for the Series. 
13 Liquidation 
(a) 
Liquidation Event  
Upon the Issuer becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise) of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall provide (or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf provides) a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal 
Agent, the Custodian and the Trustee thereof as soon as is reasonably practicable, provided 
that if at such time there is no Disposal Agent, then if a replacement Disposal Agent is 
appointed pursuant to Master Condition 11 (Agents), such notice shall be provided to such 
replacement Disposal Agent (if any) upon its appointment as Disposal Agent. 
Where a Liquidation Commencement Notice is not in respect of all Notes outstanding, it shall 
specify any relevant Early Redeeming Class(es) of Notes to which it relates. 
The Disposal Agent shall not be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether a 
Liquidation Event has occurred in respect of a Series or a Class thereof, if applicable. Prior to 
receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of a Series or a Class thereof, 
if applicable, the Disposal Agent may assume that no such event has occurred. 
The Trustee shall not be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any 
Liquidation Event has occurred or to calculate any Early Redemption Amount and shall have 
no obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, 
the Disposal Agent or any other Secured Creditor. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any 
notice given by the Issuer, the Disposal Agent or any other person on their behalf without further 
enquiry or investigation and without any liability for so relying. The Disposal Agent shall not be 
regarded as acting as the agent of the Trustee in any circumstances and the Trustee shall not 
incur any liability to any person in respect of any acts or omissions or the exercise of any 
discretion by the Disposal Agent. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the 
performance or any failure or delay in the performance by the Disposal Agent under the Agency 
Agreement or the Conditions in relation to any Series or for the payment of any commissions 
or expenses charged by it or for any failure by the Disposal Agent to account for the proceeds 
of any Liquidation of Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable, in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement and the Conditions. 
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice without 
investigation of whether the relevant Liquidation Event has occurred. 
Any Liquidation Commencement Notice delivered by the Issuer or the Trustee shall not be valid 
and the Disposal Agent shall not take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has 
already received (i) a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of the same or a prior 
Liquidation Event or (ii) a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee. 
(b) 
Liquidation process 
Following receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall 
on behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that the 
relevant Collateral (or, where applicable, Class Collateral) is outstanding: 
 
subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below, where the Early Redemption Settlement 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (a) “Cash Settlement” and the

--- Page 166 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
166 
 
applicable Issue Terms do not specify that Classes apply or (b) “Noteholder Settlement 
Option” and all Noteholders have elected or have been deemed to have elected to 
receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, effect a Liquidation of the Collateral 
commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all the 
Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third Reference Business Day 
prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, and provided that the Disposal Agent 
and the Issuer shall have no liability if the Liquidation of all Collateral has not been 
effected by such date. If the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by such date, the 
Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a Liquidation of the Collateral until 
such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid 
Enforcement Notice from the Trustee; 
 
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
is “Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the Noteholders has not elected 
nor been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, effect 
a Liquidation of the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date in 
the following manner: 
(1) 
first, by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of Collateral 
(other than Original Collateral) sufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
ranking in priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation); 
(2) 
secondly, to the extent the proceeds available following a Liquidation under sub-
paragraph (1) above are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
ranking in priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation), by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of 
Original Collateral sufficient to satisfy the remainder of such obligations (the 
amount of Original Collateral comprising Collateral following such Liquidation, 
the “Remaining Original Collateral”); 
(3) 
thirdly, by Liquidating all Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral together with any 
Excess Available Deliverable Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date 
or the third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as 
applicable; and 
(4) 
fourthly, by liquidating any remaining Collateral other than the Original Collateral 
comprised in any Physical Redemption Amount payable in respect of one or 
more of the Notes, 
and provided (x), in each case, that the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of all such Collateral has not been effected by the date or within the times 
specified above, and (y) if any Collateral that is required to be Liquidated has not been 
so Liquidated in full by the date or within the times specified above, the Disposal Agent 
shall continue in its attempts to effect a Liquidation of such Collateral until such time (if 
any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until receiving a valid Enforcement 
Notice from the Trustee; 
 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Liquidation Parameters are applicable, for 
the purpose of paragraph (i) above:

--- Page 167 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
167 
 
(1) 
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate all of the Collateral as soon as 
reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Business Days, following 
the relevant Early Redemption Commencement Date (the “Target Liquidation 
Period”); and 
(2) 
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-
in, firm executable bid price (a “Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase 
the Collateral on a day within the Target Liquidation Period, and it shall sell the 
Collateral on such a date to the Quotation Dealer who provides the highest 
Quotation, save that where no Quotations are obtained, the Disposal Agent shall 
determine the value of the Collateral, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, where the Target Liquidation Period and/or the number 
of Quotations to be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant Liquidation 
Parameters shall be set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
 
for the purpose of paragraphs (i) and (iii) above, if (a) the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that Classes apply in respect of a Series and (b) a valid Liquidation Commencement 
Notice relates to one or more Early Redeeming Class(es) of Notes, then references to 
effecting a Liquidation of the Collateral shall be treated as being references to a 
Liquidation of each of the Affected Class Collateral relating to the relevant Early 
Redeeming Class(es) of Notes only, each constituent of which shall, where so required, 
be rounded up to the nearest tradable unit(s) of Original Collateral (the aggregate 
nominal amount of such rounding up in respect of the relevant Affected Class Collateral, 
being the “Affected Collateral Rounding Component”). 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect 
any such Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating 
any Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable. The Disposal Agent must effect 
any Liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable within the available timeframe to 
obtain a representative price in such timeframe, even where a larger amount could 
possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be 
delayed and the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if a larger amount could possibly 
be received in respect of such Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable, if 
any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject to such requirement, the Disposal 
Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions 
on a single or multiple day(s). In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Master 
Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event), following the 
occurrence of a Liquidation Event and effective delivery of a valid Liquidation 
Commencement Notice, the Security shall be released without further action on the part 
of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of 
the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable. Nothing in this Master 
Condition 13(b) or Master Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation 
Event) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds 
of the Liquidation of the Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, holders of 
Receipts or any other person merely because a larger amount could have been received 
had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent selected a different 
method of Liquidating any such Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable,

--- Page 168 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
168 
 
provided that the Disposal Agent has complied with its duty to act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
In the event that there is more than one Component Collateral, the Disposal Agent shall 
(i) determine which Component Collateral to Liquidate in order to satisfy its obligations 
under this Master Condition 13(b), and (ii) not be liable for any such determination or 
decision or the timing thereof, provided that it has acted in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of a determination that a 
Liquidation Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent (i) shall have complete discretion, 
(ii) shall have no duty or obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or 
any other person to take any such action or make any such determination and (iii) shall 
not be liable for any such determination or decision or the timing thereof, provided that 
it has acted in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
Proceeds of Liquidation 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable: 
 to account for anything except actual proceeds of the Collateral received by it (after 
deduction of the amounts (if any) described in Master Condition 13(d) (Costs and 
expenses)) and which shall, upon receipt, automatically become subject to the Security 
created by the Trust Deed; or 
 for any taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities, fees, commissions or expenses 
arising from or connected with any Liquidation or from any act or omission in relation to the 
Collateral or otherwise unless such taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or 
expenses shall be caused by its own negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction 
Party, any Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation 
held by it at any time. 
(d) 
Costs and expenses 
The Issuer acknowledges that in effecting the Liquidation, Liquidation Expenses may be 
incurred. The Issuer agrees that any such Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer 
and that the Disposal Agent shall only be required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation 
net of such Liquidation Expenses. Where the Disposal Agent makes such net remittance to the 
Issuer but has itself received the relevant payment on a gross basis, the Disposal Agent agrees 
to apply the relevant amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expense. 
“Liquidation Expenses” means (i) any taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or 
commissions applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange 
commissions, provided that such transaction fees or commissions are limited to and no higher 
than those that would necessarily and routinely be charged by the third party market participant 
to whom such fees or commissions are payable for a sale transaction of that type to third parties 
on an arm’s length basis. Save for such reasonable transaction fees or commissions, 
Liquidation Expenses shall not include any Disposal Agent Fees. Such Disposal Agent Fees 
shall be paid to the Disposal Agent in accordance with Master Condition 15 (Application of 
Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds).

--- Page 169 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
169 
 
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, 
any Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it 
at any time. 
(e) 
Good faith of Disposal Agent 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent shall act in good faith and, subject as provided 
above and without prejudice to Master Condition 9 (Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, 
Business Day Convention, Reference Rate Events and Original Collateral Disruption Events), 
in respect of any sale, early repayment, early redemption or agreed termination in respect of 
the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable, shall agree a price that it reasonably 
believes to be representative of or better than the price available in the market for the sale of 
such Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable in the appropriate size taking into 
account the total amount of Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to be sold, 
repaid, redeemed or terminated. 
(f) 
Disposal Agent to use all reasonable care  
The Disposal Agent shall use all reasonable care in the performance of its duties but shall not 
be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result thereof save that the 
Disposal Agent’s liability to the Issuer shall not be so limited where the loss or damage results 
from negligence, wilful default or fraud of the Disposal Agent. 
(g) 
Consultations on legal matters 
The Disposal Agent may consult on any legal matter any reputable legal adviser of international 
standing selected by it, who may be an employee of the Disposal Agent or adviser to the Issuer, 
and it shall not be liable in respect of anything done or omitted to be done relating to that matter 
in good faith in accordance with that adviser’s opinion. 
(h) 
Reliance on documents 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance 
on a document it reasonably believed to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper 
parties or on information to which it should properly have regard and which it reasonably 
believed to be genuine and to have been originated by the proper parties. 
(i) 
Entry into contracts and other transactions  
The Disposal Agent may enter into any contracts or any other transactions or arrangements 
with any of the Issuer, any other Transaction Party, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any 
Collateral Obligor or any Affiliate of any of them (whether in relation to the Notes, the Collateral, 
the Security, an Obligation or any other transaction or obligation whatsoever) and may hold or 
deal in or be a party to the assets, obligations or agreements of which the relevant Collateral 
forms a part and other assets, obligations or agreements of any Collateral Obligor in respect 
of the Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be required to disclose any such contract, 
transaction or arrangement to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or other Transaction Party 
and shall be in no way accountable to the Issuer or (save as otherwise provided in the Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions) to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other Transaction 
Party for any profits or benefits arising from any such contract(s), transaction(s) or 
arrangement(s) and shall resolve any conflict of interest arising out of or in relation thereto in 
such manner as it deems appropriate, in its discretion.

--- Page 170 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
170 
 
(j) 
Illegality 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to effect a Liquidation of any of the Collateral or Affected 
Class Collateral, as applicable if it determines, in its discretion, that any such Liquidation of 
some or all of the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable in accordance with this 
Master Condition 13 (Liquidation) would or might require or result in a violation of any 
applicable law or regulation of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is domiciled or any other 
relevant jurisdiction, including any insolvency prohibition or moratorium on the disposal of 
assets, or that for any other reason it is not possible for it to dispose of the Collateral or Affected 
Class Collateral, as applicable (even at zero), and the Disposal Agent notifies the Issuer and 
the Trustee of the same. 
(k) 
Sales to Affiliates 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral to Affiliates of itself or 
Affiliates of the Swap Counterparty provided that the Disposal Agent sells at a price that it, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, believes to be a fair market price. 
(l) 
Notification of Enforcement Event 
Upon the Trustee effectively giving a valid Enforcement Notice to the Disposal Agent following 
the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further 
Liquidation of any Collateral and shall take no further action to Liquidate any Collateral or 
Affected Class Collateral, as applicable, save that any transaction entered into in connection 
with the Liquidation on or prior to the effective date of any such Enforcement Notice shall be 
settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such 
transaction and/or which is incidental thereto. 
(m) 
Transfer of Collateral to Custodian  
Subject to Master Condition 13(k) (Sales to Affiliates) above, in effecting any Liquidation, the 
Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to itself 
(subject to Master Condition 13(l) (Notification of Enforcement Event)) or to any of its Affiliates, 
provided that the price for such Collateral is paid to the Custodian or to the order of the Issuer. 
The Disposal Agent shall not have the right to transfer the Collateral or Affected Class 
Collateral, as applicable to itself or to any of its Affiliates other than in connection with a sale 
thereof to itself or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, and provided that such sale is executed 
on a delivery versus payment basis. 
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if the Disposal Agent has reasonable 
grounds to believe that a Bankruptcy Event has occurred with respect to the Custodian and it 
has not received contrary orders from the Issuer it shall make arrangements for any such price 
for the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to instead be paid to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, provided that if it also has reasonable grounds to believe that a Bankruptcy 
Event has also occurred with respect to the Issuing and Paying Agent, it shall retain and hold 
such net proceeds of Liquidation to the order of the Issuer and subject to the Security created 
by the Trust Deed.

--- Page 171 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
171 
 
14 Enforcement of Security 
(a) 
Trustee to enforce Security 
At any time after the Trustee becomes aware of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (which 
may, for the avoidance of doubt, where the relevant Series of Notes comprises Classes, relate 
to one or more (but not all) Classes of Notes), it may, and if requested by holders of at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or Class thereof) then 
outstanding, directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, or directed in writing by the Swap 
Counterparty, shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has effectively 
delivered a valid Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian and the Disposal Agent) 
enforce all of the Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Documents 
(if applicable). 
(b) 
Enforcement Notice 
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security, the Trustee shall notify the Issuer, the 
Custodian and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time (such notice being an “Enforcement 
Notice”) that (i) the Trustee intends to enforce the Security constituted by the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable) and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to cease to 
effect any further Liquidation of the Collateral (if such Liquidation is taking place) save that any 
transaction entered into in connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the effective date of 
such Enforcement Notice shall be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and 
actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security  
In order to enforce the Security the Trustee may: 
 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and 
on such terms as it shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession 
of all or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become 
enforceable; 
 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems 
appropriate but without any liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other 
Secured Creditor as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the 
effect of such action, step or proceeding on individual Noteholders or Couponholders or 
any other Secured Creditor; and 
 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action, step or proceeding in relation to the 
enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction.

--- Page 172 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
172 
 
15 Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds 
(a) 
Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation 
The Issuer shall, on each Issuer Application Date, apply the Available Proceeds or the Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds, as applicable, as they stand on such date as follows: 
 
first, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under 
the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party 
responsible for determining such amounts under the Swap Agreement and such amount 
being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (A) the Available Proceeds or 
Affected Class Collateral Proceeds, as applicable (B) the value of the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (or the relevant portion thereof where not all 
outstanding Classes, if applicable, are redeeming) that was used in determining the Early 
Termination Amount payable under the Swap Agreement and (C) the value of the 
amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall 
be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value defined in 
(C) above the value defined in (B), if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim 
Amount”) shall be paid to the Swap Counterparty; 
 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes owing by the Issuer; 
 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities of 
the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (including any 
taxes required to be paid, legal fees and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (I) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms 
of the Agency Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property, (II) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms 
of the Agency Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation 
and (III) any fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the 
Agents under the Agency Agreement;  
 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees; 
 
sixthly, pari passu in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with Master Condition 15(a)(i) above, shall be limited 
to the Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount), provided that where:  
(1) 
the Swap Agreement (or any relevant Swap Transactions thereunder) has not 
been subject to a designation or occurrence of an Early Termination Date; and  
(2) 
in addition to amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement there are also amounts that are owed by the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement and which remain unpaid or there are obligations that were 
required to be settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and 
which have not been so settled,

--- Page 173 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
173 
 
there shall be no payment to the Swap Counterparty under this limb and no payment to 
any person ranking junior to the Swap Counterparty under this Master Condition 15(a) 
until such time as an Early Termination Date has been designated or occurred and the 
Termination Payment determined; 
 
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of the relevant Corporate 
Services Provider Fees owing by the Issuer; 
 eighthly, pari passu in payment of (I) any Early Redemption Amount then due and 
payable, (II) any Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (III) any interest 
or Instalment Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that 
remains due and payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the holders of Notes 
(or any Class thereof); and 
 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof), 
save that no such application shall be made at any time following an Enforcement Notice 
having been effectively delivered by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement 
Event. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any sum from the Mortgaged 
Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Disposal Agent (where there is one) and the Swap Counterparty of the same as soon as is 
reasonably practicable upon receiving any such sum. 
(b) 
Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security  
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, with effect from the 
date on which any valid Enforcement Notice is effectively delivered by the Trustee following 
the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee will hold the Available Proceeds received 
by it under the Trust Deed on trust to apply them as they stand on each Trustee Application 
Date as follows: 
 
first, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under 
the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the 
Swap Counterparty or the party responsible for determining such amounts under the 
Swap Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser 
of (A) the Available Proceeds (B) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance that was used in determining the Early Termination Amount payable under the 
Swap Agreement and (C) the value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts 
are owing (the excess of the value defined in (C) above the value defined in (B), if any, 
the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) shall be paid to the Swap 
Counterparty: 
 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes owing by the Issuer;

--- Page 174 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
174 
 
 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities of 
the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts and carrying out its 
functions under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (including any 
taxes required to be paid, legal fees, the cost of realising any Security and the Trustee’s 
remuneration);  
 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (I) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms 
of the Agency Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (II) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (III) any 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under 
the Agency Agreement;  
 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees; 
 
sixthly, pari passu in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with this Master Condition 15(b) under the Swap Agreement (which, to the 
extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty, shall be 
limited to the Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount), provided that where:  
(1) 
the Swap Agreement has not been subject to a designation or occurrence of an 
Early Termination Date; and  
(2) 
in addition to amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement there are also amounts that are owed by the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement and which remain unpaid or there are obligations that were 
required to be settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and 
which have not been so settled,  
there shall be no payment to the Swap Counterparty under this limb and no payment to 
any person ranking junior to the Swap Counterparty under this Master Condition 15(b) 
until such time as an Early Termination Date has been designated or occurred and the 
Termination Payment determined;  
 
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of the relevant Corporate 
Services Provider Fees owing by the Issuer; 
 eighthly, pari passu in payment of (I) any Early Redemption Amount then due and 
payable, (II) any Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (III) any interest 
or Instalment Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that 
remains due and payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the holders of Notes 
(or any Class thereof); and 
 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof). 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the Notes under this 
Master Condition 15(b) at any time following delivery by the Trustee of an Enforcement Notice

--- Page 175 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
175 
 
in accordance with the Conditions, other than where the Mortgaged Property has been 
exhausted, amount to less than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, the Trustee shall not be obliged to make any payments under this Master 
Condition 15(b) and shall, place such amounts on deposit as provided in Master Condition 
15(c) (Deposits) and shall retain such amounts and accumulate the resulting income until the 
amounts and the accumulations, together with any other funds for the time being under the 
Trustee’s control and available for such payment, amount to at least 10 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and then such amounts and accumulations (after 
deduction of, or provision for, any applicable taxes and negative interest) shall be applied as 
specified in this Master Condition 15(b). 
(c) 
Deposits  
Moneys held by the Trustee may, at its discretion, be deposited in an account bearing a market 
rate of interest (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be required to obtain best 
rates (subject to the provisions of the Principal Trust Deed), be responsible for any loss 
occasioned by such deposit (subject to the provisions of the Principal Trust Deed) or exercise 
any other form of investment discretion with respect to such deposits) in the name or under the 
control of the Trustee at such bank or other financial institution and in such currency as the 
Trustee may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, think fit in light of 
the claims under Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security) and not for purposes of generating income. If such moneys are placed on deposit 
with a bank or financial institution which is a subsidiary, holding company, affiliate or associated 
company of the Trustee, it need only account for an amount of interest equal to the standard 
amount of interest payable by it on such a deposit to an independent customer. 
(d) 
Insufficient proceeds 
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of 
Security) or assets available for delivery, as the case may be, are insufficient for the holders of 
Notes to receive payment in full of (A) any Early Redemption Amount that has become due 
and payable or deliverable, (B) any Final Redemption Amount that has become due and 
payable or deliverable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and 
payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon, 
the holders of Notes will receive an amount which is less than any such amount, and the 
provisions of Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply. 
(e) 
Foreign exchange conversion  
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any party pursuant to this Master Condition 15 are 
not in the Specified Currency, then such proceeds shall be converted at such rate or rates, in 
accordance with such method and as at such date as may reasonably be specified by the 
Disposal Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents 
and as described in Master Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)) or the Trustee (following 
the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents and as described in 
Master Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)), but having regard to current rates of 
exchange, if available. Any rate, method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, 
the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Swap Counterparty and the Custodian.

--- Page 176 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
176 
 
If, on or after the day falling five Reference Business Days after the Maturity Date of the Notes 
(such fifth Reference Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off Date”): 
 
there are amounts that have become payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty and which remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or there are 
obligations that were required to be settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer on or prior to the Maturity Date and which have not been so settled as at the 
Maturity Cut-off Date; 
 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred under the Swap 
Agreement; and 
 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
under any other Condition, 
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the 
same. Following delivery of such notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, exercise its right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect 
of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
16 Enforcement of Rights or Security 
(a) 
Notes 
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies 
against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of 
the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In 
respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount and/or 
any interest or Instalment Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, no 
Noteholder, Couponholder or other Secured Creditor may direct the Trustee to pursue any 
remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the 
Notes or the Coupons until after the Relevant Payment Date and the Trustee shall have no 
liability to any person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
(b) 
Security 
Only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, 
and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Indemnity, Security and/or pre-funding 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding 
whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, any other Security Document or otherwise without first 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
17 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
General limited recourse 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable in respect of a Series of 
Notes and to the other Transaction Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to 
the proceeds available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series at such time to

--- Page 177 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
177 
 
make such payments in accordance with Master Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, or in any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged 
Property in respect of the Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of 
the Issuer. If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is exhausted (whether 
following Liquidation or enforcement of the Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the 
Available Proceeds or the Affected Class Collateral Proceeds relating to the final outstanding 
Class(es), as applicable, as provided in Master Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds 
or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds), any outstanding claim, debt or liability against the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series or the Transaction Documents relating to the Notes 
of the Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case may 
be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following 
extinguishment in accordance with this Master Condition 17(a), none of the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons 
by the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
None of the Transaction Parties (save for the Trustee who may lodge a claim in liquidation of 
the Issuer which is initiated by another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer), the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person 
in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation 
to the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors or any of its assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with 
respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any notes other than the Notes issued by 
the Issuer (save for any further notes which form a single series with the Notes) or Mortgaged 
Property in respect of a different series or Obligations issued or entered into by the Issuer or 
any other assets of the Issuer (other than the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series). 
It is a fundamental term of any debt comprising any amounts due to the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, any Programme Parties or any Transaction Party that it shall 
not be entitled to exercise any right to set off, lien, consolidation of accounts or other similar 
right arising by operation of law or otherwise (other than, in the case of the Swap Counterparty, 
in its capacity as Swap Counterparty and then solely in respect of rights arising under the Swap 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series and not in respect of any other agreement) against 
the Issuer or any person entitled to receive any payment under the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
(if any) or against the Mortgaged Property in priority to such security or other claims or against 
the Mortgaged Property or Collateral in respect of any other series or any other assets of the 
Issuer (and each of the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Programme Parties 
and the Transaction Parties hereby severally waive all such rights).

--- Page 178 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
178 
 
(c) 
Corporate obligation 
In addition, none of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any person 
acting on behalf of any of them shall have any recourse against any director, shareholder, or 
officer of the Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenant or agreement entered into or made 
by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Documents, it being understood that such obligations, covenants and agreements 
are corporate obligations of the Issuer only. 
(d) 
Survival 
The provisions of this Master Condition 17 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the 
Notes of any Series or Class thereof or the termination or expiration of any Transaction 
Document. 
18 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years 
(in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
19 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the 
Trust Deed and/or any Transaction Document and give authority, direction or sanction required 
by, inter alia, Master Condition 5 (Security) or Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders 
holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion, or as provided in Master Condition 8(g) (Redemption 
for a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event). The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes, (iv) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or 
the Early Redemption Amount, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or the currency 
or currencies of the denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this 
exception, (viii) to modify Master Condition 5 (Security) or to hold an Extraordinary Resolution 
for the purposes of Master Condition 5(c) (Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral), (ix)

--- Page 179 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
179 
 
to modify Master Conditions 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds) or 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) or (x) to modify Master Conditions 8(b) 
(Redemption by instalments) to 8(m) (Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of 
Default), in which case the necessary quorum (“Special Quorum”) shall be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less 
than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion in accordance with the Trust Deed. In circumstances in which there is 
only one Noteholder in respect of all the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion 
outstanding, the quorum for all purposes shall be one. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at or participated in 
the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on the holders of Coupons, Receipts 
and Talons. 
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion (a “Written Resolution”) or (ii) where the Notes are held by or on behalf 
of a clearing system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or 
the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder 
Proportion (“Electronic Consent”) shall, in each case for all purposes (including matters that 
would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the 
Special Quorum was satisfied) be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of such 
Relevant Noteholder Proportion passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such Written Resolution may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. Such Written Resolution and/or 
Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and 
Receipts whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent. 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 19(a): 
 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of holders of a single Series of Notes or, where 
a Series comprises separate Classes, to a meeting of each such Class of Notes, as 
applicable (save that where the meeting relates to a matter in respect of which more than 
one Class of Notes is affected, and no conflict of interest would arise between such 
Classes in respect of Classes thereof (such affected Classes of Notes, the “Affected 
Classes”), references to a meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders of the Affected 
Classes); and 
 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series or to the 
Notes of a Class or the Affected Classes, as applicable, in respect of which a meeting 
has been, or is to be, called, and to the holders of such Notes, respectively. With respect 
to a meeting called in relation to the Notes or Noteholders of a Class (or of the Affected 
Classes), any reference to Notes or Noteholders of a Series in this Master Condition 
19(a) and Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) of the Trust Deed shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Notes or Noteholders of such Class (or, if applicable, 
of the Affected Classes).

--- Page 180 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
180 
 
(b) 
Modification of the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document 
The Trustee (i) may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to 
any modification of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
that is in its opinion of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
and (ii) may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. To the extent that any Agent is appointed or replaced pursuant to Master 
Condition 11(b)(ii) (Calculation Agent appointment, termination and replacement) and/or 
Master Condition 11(c)(ii) (Disposal Agent appointment, termination and replacement), the 
Issuer may make such amendments to the Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it 
determines necessary to reflect such appointment or replacement to which the Trustee shall 
agree provided that such amendments are not in the opinion of the Trustee materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, and the Trustee shall sign such documents as 
may be required to give effect to such amendments. Any such modification, authorisation or 
waiver as is made or given under this Master Condition 19(b) shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders as soon as is practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders but subject to the prior written consent 
of the Swap Counterparty, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of 
any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as applicable. Such substitution of the Issuer may be 
made in circumstances, including but not limited to, where (i) Noteholders would suffer adverse 
tax consequences if the Issuer was not substituted or (ii) it becomes illegal for the Issuer to 
perform any of its obligations under the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the 
law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or 
any other Transaction Document provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in 
this Master Condition 19) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as 
a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
otherwise to the tax consequences thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 181 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
181 
 
20 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices), in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note, Certificate, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
21 Further Issues and Amendments to the Transaction Documents 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
but subject to Master Condition 6 (Restrictions) create and issue further notes or other 
Obligations either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes of a Series or a Class 
thereof in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and 
so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Series or a 
Class thereof of the Notes or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue. Any such further notes shall only form a single series or class with the Notes (unless 
otherwise sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution) if, in respect of the Irish Issuer, the Irish 
Issuer acquires, and grants security over additional assets (as security for such further notes 
and the existing Notes) or, in respect of the Dutch Issuer, the Dutch Issuer provides additional 
assets (as security for such further notes) which are fungible with, and have the same 
proportionate composition as, those forming part of the Mortgaged Property for the Notes and 
in the same proportion as the proportion that the nominal amount of such new notes bears to 
the Notes and/or the Issuer enters into an additional or supplemental Swap Agreement 
extending the terms of any existing Swap Agreement to the new notes on terms no less 
favourable than such existing documents and agreements, as applicable. Any new notes 
forming a single series with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by a deed supplemental 
to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property so that the 
new notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property (and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all the holders of the first and all later Tranches of Notes shall benefit 
from the Mortgaged Property on a pari passu basis) and references in the Conditions to 
“Notes”, “Original Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Swap Agreement”, 
“Secured Payment Obligations” and “Secured Creditor” shall be construed accordingly. The 
Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the holders of the Notes and 
the holders of notes of other specified series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so 
decides.

--- Page 182 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
182 
 
(b) 
Swap Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the 
Swap Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement (such amendments, the “Swap 
Amendments”), provided that:  
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts 
receivable by the Issuer under the Original Collateral, including (but not limited to) 
following the addition of Original Collateral in respect of further Notes pursuant to 
Master Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and other liabilities, 
including (but not limited to) following (I) the making of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), (II) the making of any 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant 
to Master Condition 9(i) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) 
and (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to Master Condition 21(a) (Further 
Issues); or 
(C) 
effect the changes referred to in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral); 
(ii) 
the Swap Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap Amendments Certificate”) to 
the Trustee that (A) the purpose of the Swap Amendments is solely as set out in 
paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(C) above and (B) the Swap Amendments do not require a special 
quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, 
on a Swap Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap Amendments Certificate, the 
Trustee shall agree to the Swap Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, 
the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in 
effecting the Swap Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the 
Swap Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Swap Amendments 
would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
22 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery 
and three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven days 
(excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when 
delivered, save that for the purposes only of determining any Early Redemption Commencement 
Date the relevant Early Redemption Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date

--- Page 183 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
183 
 
despatched. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe and for so long as Notes are listed on a stock exchange, published 
in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
So long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes or Global Registered Certificates, notices in 
respect of those Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Clearstream Banking 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or the relevant Alternative Clearing System for communication by them to 
entitled account holders or (in the case of a Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of a 
person other than a nominee for Euroclear, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, or an Alternative 
Clearing System) to such person for communication by it to those persons entered in the records of 
such person as being entitled to such notice, in each case, in substitution for publication in a leading 
daily newspaper as aforesaid. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Master Condition 22. 
In addition, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the 
Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange. 
23 Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral and for the 
validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Security created 
over the Mortgaged Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step, action or 
proceeding under the Trust Deed unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. The Trustee and any Affiliate of the Trustee are entitled to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer, any Collateral Obligor, the Swap Counterparty or any of their 
subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
Collateral, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Collateral and from any claim 
arising from the fact that the Collateral will be held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian 
selected by the Trustee (in each case, if applicable). The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or 
supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume 
these are being performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed the Trustee does not assume 
any duty or responsibility to the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the 
Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay to 
any of such parties any moneys received and repayable to it and to act in accordance with the 
provisions of Master Conditions 5 (Security) and 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders. 
None of the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall be required or obliged to monitor or enquire as to 
whether any event, condition or circumstance which could lead to an early redemption of the Notes 
exists or has occurred. None of the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall have any obligation,

--- Page 184 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
184 
 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any Secured Creditor. 
24 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide 
for such Act to apply to any of their terms. 
25 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Service of process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 185 ---
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
185 
 
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
1 
Incorporation and Interpretation 
(a) 
Applicable Product Supplement 
This Product Supplement is the “Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement”. If in the 
applicable Issue Terms the Applicable Product Supplement is specified as the Pass-Through 
Note Terms Product Supplement the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be the Master 
Conditions, as amended and supplemented by the additional conditions set out in this Pass-
Through Note Terms Product Supplement (the “Additional Pass-Through Conditions”) and 
the Alternative Drawdown Document.  
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between (a) the Master Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional 
Conditions will prevail; and (b) between the Additional Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail. 
(b) 
Defined terms 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement 
shall have the meaning given to them in the Master Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency, the Issue Terms shall prevail over the Master Conditions. 
2 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Interest 
On the day falling the number of Reference Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after each date on which interest is due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the 
Original Collateral in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof (subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any business day convention specified in the terms and conditions of the 
Original Collateral) (each such date, an “Interest Payment Date”) or, if no Number of 
Reference Business Days is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the day falling two 
Reference Business Days after each date on which interest is due and payable to the Issuer 
in respect of the Original Collateral in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof (subject 
to adjustment in accordance with any business day convention specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Original Collateral), an amount shall be payable in respect of each Note (an 
“Interest Amount”) equal to (i) such Note’s pro rata share of the aggregate interest amount 
due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral held by or on behalf of the 
Issuer the Number of Reference Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, two Reference Business Days prior to such 
Interest Payment Date minus (ii) any “Pass-Through Fee Amount”, being an amount specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Early redemption 
 
Master Conditions 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) and 8(e) (Redemption 
following a Trigger Event) shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Master Condition, the Issuer shall, as soon as is 
reasonably practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the

--- Page 186 ---
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
186 
 
Calculation Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of a Pass-Through Notes Event (or, in 
any case, within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders and each Note shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount 
payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). 
The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall 
be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall 
be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Pass-Through Notes 
Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer. 
If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of a Pass-Through Notes Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, shall be entitled to rely absolutely on such notice without further 
investigation. 
For such purposes: 
(I) 
a “Pass-Through Notes Event” will occur if any Original Collateral becomes 
payable or repayable, or becomes capable of being declared due and payable or 
repayable, prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason or there is a 
payment default in respect of any of the Original Collateral in accordance with its 
terms and conditions; 
(II) 
this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) shall be deemed to constitute part of Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) for the purposes of the definition of Early 
Redemption Notice and such definition shall be construed so as to also refer to 
this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) immediately after the reference to Master 
Condition 8(m) (Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default) 
therein; 
(III) 
Master Condition 8(v) (Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation) shall be 
construed so as to also refer to this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) immediately after 
the reference to Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption following the occurrence of 
an Event of Default) in both the first and second sentence thereof; and 
(IV) 
the Early Redemption Amount shall be the Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Final Redemption 
 
The “Final Redemption Amount” in respect of a Note to which these Additional 
Conditions apply shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be an 
amount equal to the outstanding nominal amount of such Note as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The “Maturity Date” in respect of a Note to which these Additional Conditions apply 
shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be the date falling two 
Reference Business Days following the stated maturity date of the Original Collateral. 
(d) 
Swap Agreement 
Unless specified in the applicable Issue Terms, no Swap Agreement will be entered into 
between the parties in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 187 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
187 
 
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
1 
Incorporation and Interpretation 
(a) 
Applicable Product Supplement 
This Product Supplement is the “CLN Conditions Product Supplement”. If, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the CLN Conditions Product Supplement is specified as an applicable Product 
Supplement: 
 
the Notes shall be “Credit Linked Notes”; 
 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as 
amended and supplemented by the additional conditions comprising this CLN 
Conditions Product Supplement (the “Additional CLN Conditions”), as further 
amended and supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms;  
 
in connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty shall enter 
into a credit default swap (the “CDS”); and 
 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event) shall be an “Additional Redemption Event” for the purposes of Master 
Condition 8(l) (Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event). 
This CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall not apply to Notes issued by way of Final 
Terms. 
In connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter 
into one or more interest rate swap transaction(s) and/or cross-currency swap transaction(s) 
and/or other swap transaction(s) (each, a “Related Swap”). 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
Certain terms are defined in Additional CLN Condition 16 (Definitions). Capitalised terms used 
but not defined in this CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Master Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms. 
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between: (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional CLN Conditions, the 
Additional CLN Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail and (iii) the Additional CLN Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail. 
(c) 
Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms shall, amongst other things, specify the following: 
 
each Reference Entity and whether “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and, where it is applicable but no Standard Reference 
Obligation has been published on or prior to the Trade Date, the Reference Obligation 
that shall comprise the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation) or the Reference 
Obligation if “Standard Reference Obligation” is not applicable thereto;

--- Page 188 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
188 
 
 
in respect of each Reference Entity, the applicable “Transaction Type” for the purposes 
of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix; 
 
the CLN Type, which shall be one of Single Name CLN, First-to-Default Basket CLN, 
Linear Basket CLN, First Default Linear Basket CLN or Index Linked CLN;  
 
the Credit Event Settlement Method, which shall be either Auction Redemption or “Fixed 
Recovery Redemption”; and 
 
the applicable Restructuring Election (if any), which shall be one of “Mod R” or “Mod 
Mod R”. 
(d) 
Classes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply in respect of a particular Series, 
all references herein to: 
 
“Credit Linked Notes” shall also refer to the Notes of each of the Classes of the Credit 
Linked Notes (or, where applicable, Notes of the relevant Class(es)); 
 
“Series” shall also refer to each of the Classes of the Credit Linked Notes (or, where 
applicable, the relevant Class(es)); and 
 
“Collateral” or “Original Collateral” shall also refer to “Class Collateral”, 
in each case, as the context requires. 
2 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has been redeemed in full and such Credit 
Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as provided for in Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), if a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred with respect 
to any Reference Entity, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each such Credit 
Linked Note as follows: 
 
if Auction Redemption is the applicable Credit Event Settlement Method, the Applicable 
Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms); 
 
if Auction Redemption is not possible pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) of Additional 
CLN Condition 6(b) (Fallback Redemption), Cash Redemption shall be applicable and 
the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of 
the Early Cash Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 7 (Cash Redemption Terms); or  
 
if Fixed Recovery Redemption is the applicable Credit Event Settlement Method, the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms),  
in each case subject to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements).

--- Page 189 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
189 
 
If a Collateral Event has occurred and on or prior to the related Early Redemption Date a Credit 
Event has occurred within the Notice Delivery Period, the Applicable Proportion of the Notes 
will be redeemed pursuant to this Additional CLN Condition 2(a) and the portion of the 
remaining outstanding Notes required to be redeemed as a result of the relevant Collateral 
Event will be redeemed pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral 
Event).  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment obligations on the Early Redemption Date (or, if 
the relevant Early Cash Redemption Amount is zero, upon the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Date) pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms), 7 
(Cash Redemption Terms) or 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or as 
otherwise provided herein, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Applicable Proportion of 
the Credit Linked Note shall be discharged in full. 
(b) 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be delivered for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Swap 
Counterparty may deliver a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Disposal Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an Early 
Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event within five Reference Business Days after the 
date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered, give an Early Redemption Notice 
(attaching a copy of the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information or including equivalent information therein) to the Noteholders (the 
date of such Early Redemption Notice being the “Early Redemption Commencement 
Date”) in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices), provided that failure by the 
Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent to deliver a copy of such Credit Event Notice 
and/or such Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Noteholders shall not affect 
the effectiveness of the Credit Event Notice and/or the Notice of Publicly Available 
Information or the Early Redemption Notice, or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
 
If a Credit Event Notice is not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination 
Date to occur, then the Calculation Agent shall give written notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event within five Reference Business Days of it becoming aware 
of an applicable Event Determination Date, containing the same information required to 
be included in a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent with an Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will 
give an Early Redemption Notice (attaching a copy of such notice given by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer) to the Noteholders (the date of such Early Redemption 
Notice being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”) in accordance with 
Master Condition 22 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice to the 
Noteholders shall not affect any determinations made by the Calculation Agent or the 
rights of the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 190 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
190 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty or 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether 
any Credit Event has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. Neither the Trustee 
nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any 
loss occasioned by the occurrence of a Credit Event. If the Trustee receives notice from 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation.  
 
Further, none of the Issuer or any Transaction Party (including the Swap Counterparty 
and the Calculation Agent) will have any liability whatsoever if the Swap Counterparty 
for any reason does not determine that a Credit Event has occurred, or with respect to 
the Swap Counterparty’s timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice (or any such 
other notice required to be delivered by the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer or any other party, or by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
these Additional CLN Conditions, including a Notice of Publicly Available Information). 
(c) 
Relevant time 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 2(c), in order to determine 
the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Additional CLN Conditions, the 
demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo 
time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which such 
event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Credit Event Notice” and sub-paragraph (i) of this 
Additional CLN Condition 2(c), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its 
due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such 
failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to 
midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that 
Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
(d) 
Redemption other than following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
If an Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition 
(and not, for the avoidance of doubt, following the occurrence of a Credit Event in accordance 
with the Additional Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event)), each Credit Linked Note outstanding shall be 
redeemed by payment of the Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in 
accordance with the Master Conditions, save that for such purposes the definition of “Early 
Cash Redemption Amount” in Master Condition 1(a) (Definitions) shall not apply and sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of “Early Cash Redemption Amount” set out in Additional CLN 
Condition 16 (Definitions) shall apply instead.

--- Page 191 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
191 
 
3 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest 
Provided that a relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred in respect of a Reference 
Entity during the Notice Delivery Period and on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and no 
Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, then, subject to 
Additional CLN Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest), interest (if any) shall accrue on each 
outstanding Credit Linked Note in accordance with Master Condition 7 (Interest) (as completed 
by the relevant Issue Terms). 
(b) 
Suspension of Interest 
Subject to Additional CLN Conditions 3(c) (Payment of Suspended Interest) and 3(d) (Payment 
of Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), if (A) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
is made on or prior to any Interest Payment Date in respect of which a DC Resolution has not 
been published (a “Suspended Interest Payment Date”) or (B) the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may amount to a Credit Event, the payment of interest (if any) 
in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note scheduled to be paid to 
Noteholders on or about such Interest Payment Date will be suspended.  
(c) 
Payment of Suspended Interest 
 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, either (A) an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling after such Suspended Interest 
Payment Date, or (B) an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal is made, or (C) the Calculation Agent determines 
that the circumstances giving rise to such potential Credit Event have been remedied (if 
possible) or no longer exist such that no related Event Determination Date has occurred, 
payment of the suspended interest will be made five Reference Business Days after the 
date the Event Determination Date is so determined, the date of the Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, or the 
date on which the Calculation Agent makes such determination, as applicable. 
 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement is made and that the Event Determination Date relating thereto is 
a date falling on or prior to such Suspended Interest Payment Date, no payment of the 
suspended interest will be made and the accrual of interest prior to such Interest 
Payment Date will be determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 3(e) 
(Accrual of Interest on Credit Event). 
 
No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall be made to the 
amount of any interest in connection with the delay or postponement of any payment of 
interest pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest) above. The 
Calculation Agent shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders, the Trustee, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Issuer in accordance with Master Condition 22 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable should any payment of interest be 
suspended and/or postponed pursuant to this Additional CLN Condition 3.

--- Page 192 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
192 
 
(d) 
Payment of Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made and the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
 
save for the portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes, payment of the remaining portion (if any) of suspended interest will 
be made five Reference Business Days after the date on which the relevant Credit Event 
Notice is delivered; and 
 
payment of the portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the 
Notes will be not be made and the accrual of interest relating to the Applicable Proportion 
of the Notes prior to such Interest Payment Date will be determined in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 3(e) (Accrual of Interest on Credit Event). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
If a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity during 
the Notice Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in Master Condition 7 (Interest), interest shall be deemed to have 
ceased to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note from and including 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if no such immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (if any) shall, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs, Index 
Linked CLNs or Credit Linked Notes to which an M(M)R Restructuring applies, continue to 
accrue on the remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note then outstanding (if any). 
(f) 
Adjustment Payment 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, following the determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee that an Event Determination Date has occurred, ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that 
such Event Determination Date occurred on a date that is different from the date first 
determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred, or an Event 
Determination Date is determined to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, 
the Calculation Agent will determine, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, any 
additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) to reflect any scheduled payment that would 
have been due on the basis of such announcement but was not paid in respect of the Notes or 
any reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders to reflect any payment that was paid but would not have been due on the basis of 
such announcement in respect of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest 
shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment. 
4 
Maturity Date Extension 
(a) 
Where the Calculation Agent considers that, on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or 
more Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period 
Extension” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to 
Pay or, (iii) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, it shall notify the Issuer two Business Days prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date (with a copy to the Swap Counterparty and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent) that each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the

--- Page 193 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
193 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed instead on the Extended Maturity Date, and 
the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders), will give an equivalent notice to 
the Noteholders.  
(b) 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note to which the 
provisions of Additional CLN Condition 4(a) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended 
Maturity Date and shall be payable (i) where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
Postponement Interest is applicable, with interest accrued on the unpaid amount payable at 
the relevant Postponement Rate (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) where the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that Postponement Interest is not applicable, without any 
interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
5 
Exercise Amounts in respect of M(M)R Restructuring 
(a) 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
 
Where a relevant Event Determination Date occurs as a result of an M(M)R 
Restructuring in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than First Default Linear Basket 
CLNs, in respect of which the Swap Counterparty will not have the right to trigger a 
partial redemption of the Notes following an M(M)R Restructuring (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms)), then: 
(A) 
the Swap Counterparty may elect under the CDS the nominal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies (the amount so 
specified, the “Exercise Amount”), which Exercise Amount must be (A) an 
amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese 
Yen, 100,000,000 units) and an integral multiple thereof, provided that it cannot 
exceed either (i) in the case of Single Name CLNs or First-to-Default Basket 
CLNs, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes immediately 
prior to the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or (ii) in the case of Linear Basket 
CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the then prevailing Reference Entity Outstanding 
Amount or (B) the then prevailing Reference Entity Outstanding Amount, in each 
case immediately prior to the delivery of the Credit Event Notice; 
(B) 
if the Swap Counterparty does not specify an Exercise Amount, then (i) in the case 
of Single Name CLNs or First-to-Default Basket CLNs, the outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes will be deemed to have been specified 
as the Exercise Amount or (ii) in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked 
CLNs, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of 
the Affected Reference Entity, and not a portion thereof, will be deemed to have 
been specified as the Exercise Amount; and 
(C) 
accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional CLN 
Conditions, where an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event has occurred and the 
Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount that is less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity (in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs) or the 
outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (in the case of 
Single Name CLNs or First-to-Default Basket CLNs) as at the date immediately 
prior to the relevant Event Determination Date, the provisions of these Additional

--- Page 194 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
194 
 
CLN Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a nominal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If the Swap Counterparty has notified the Issuer within three Reference Business Days 
of the initial relevant Event Determination Date of an Exercise Amount that is less than 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity, then the Swap Counterparty may subsequently specify one or more 
Exercise Amounts in respect of such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event by giving notice 
to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent) at any 
time prior to the Maturity Date. In such circumstances, the Swap Counterparty’s notice 
shall be deemed to have been a Credit Event Notice that has triggered a relevant Event 
Determination Date on the date of delivery. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty shall 
not have the right to trigger a partial redemption of First Default Linear Basket CLNs 
following an M(M)R Restructuring and, accordingly, this Additional CLN Condition 5(a) 
shall not apply to First Default Linear Basket CLNs. For the avoidance of doubt, where 
a relevant Event Determination Date occurs as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring in the 
case of a First Default Linear Basket CLN, each Credit Linked Note will redeem in full 
without the need for the Swap Counterparty to elect an Exercise Amount under the CDS 
and regardless of whether the Swap Counterparty attempts to elect an Exercise Amount 
that is less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Partial redemption in respect of M(M)R Restructuring 
If, in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise 
Amount in relation to a Reference Entity that is less than the outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (in the case of Single Name CLNs and First-to-Default 
Basket CLNs) or the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount (in the case of Linear Basket 
CLNs and Index Linked CLNs) then: 
 
the relevant provisions of Additional CLN Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms) or 7 
(Cash Redemption Terms) or Additional CLN Condition 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Terms) relating to redemption of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall also apply, in the case of First-to-Default Basket 
CLNs, to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of each Non-Affected Reference Entity), 
including for the purposes of calculating the Early Cash Redemption Amount; 
 
following any payment of an Early Cash Redemption Amount or any other determination 
made in respect of any Exercise Amount, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise Amount 
(and, for Linear Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs, the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts comprising the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series shall 
be reduced accordingly). An amount of Credit Linked Notes equal (in aggregate) to the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount, as reduced to account for such Exercise 
Amount, shall remain outstanding (the “Reference Entity Outstanding Amount”) and 
the Swap Counterparty may thereafter deliver one or more further notices electing 
another Exercise Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (which shall be deemed to 
be Credit Event Notices) in respect of such Reference Entity Outstanding Amount; and

--- Page 195 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
195 
 
 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event, including the basis of the calculation of any Early Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
Following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, in respect of First-to-Default 
Basket CLNs, where the Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount in relation to the 
Affected Reference Entity that is less than relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount then, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be 
reduced such that the only the Reference Entity Outstanding Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity shall remain outstanding.  
This Additional CLN Condition 5(b) shall not apply to First Default Linear Basket CLNs (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt:  
(i) 
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN and a First Default Linear Basket CLN, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered 
in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected Reference Entity; and  
(ii) 
in the case of a Linear Basket CLN and an Index Linked CLN, the fact that a 
Restructuring Credit Event has occurred shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any Non-Affected Reference Entity. 
If the provisions of this Additional CLN Condition 5 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be 
endorsed to reflect such redemption in part. 
6 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Auction Redemption applies 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any 
other Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, 
redeemed in full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as 
provided for in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), if a relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred with respect to any Reference Entity and “Auction 
Redemption” is applicable, then, following the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Commencement Date:  
 
the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value will be determined as soon 
as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date (the date upon which the Credit 
Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value have been determined being the 
“Credit Event Valuation Date”); 
 
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where 
the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal 
to the Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within

--- Page 196 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
196 
 
five Reference Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and  
 
the Issuer shall redeem: 
(A) 
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit 
Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, First Default Linear Basket CLNs or First-
to-Default Basket CLNs, each Credit Linked Note in whole on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Cash Redemption Amount; or  
(B) 
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit 
Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, (1) a portion of the 
principal amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion 
(determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Credit Event occurred) on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the 
remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note at its Final Redemption Amount 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(C) 
if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, (1) a portion of the 
principal amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
and (2) the remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note (if any) at its Final 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date (save that (where 
permitted) if another Credit Event Notice is delivered in respect of the Credit 
Linked Notes, such further Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
determined by reference to the Exercise Amount specified in the additional 
Credit Event Notice shall be redeemed in accordance with these Additional CLN 
Conditions), 
in each case irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall fully and effectively 
discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note. 
(b) 
Fallback Redemption 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, but without duplication of settlement, if the Calculation Agent 
determines:  
 
except where the Swap Counterparty exercises the Movement Option on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6(c) (Movement 
Option), that with respect to a Credit Event, no Applicable Auction is being, or will be, 
held; or 
 
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question, 
Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that (A) an Auction Cancellation Date 
has occurred, (B) a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances 
where such No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or 
sub-paragraph (c)(ii) under the definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Swap 
Counterparty has not exercised the Movement Option), (C) a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal occurs or (D) no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or

--- Page 197 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
197 
 
prior to the date falling three Reference Business Days after such relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
then Cash Redemption shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(c) 
Movement Option 
If “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “No Auction 
Announcement Date”, and the Swap Counterparty at any time on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date provides notice of such exercise of the Movement Option to the Issuer 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent) (who shall (or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent shall, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a 
notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) send an equivalent notice to the 
Noteholders) then, provided that the related Event Determination Date is not reversed on or 
prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, redemption of the Applicable Proportion of Credit 
Linked Notes, shall take place by payment by the Issuer of the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
on the Early Redemption Date, for which purposes the Early Cash Redemption Amount and 
the Early Redemption Date shall be determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction 
identified by the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap Counterparty exercises the Movement Option, 
all references in these Additional CLN Conditions to “Applicable Auction”, “Applicable Auction 
Credit Derivatives Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” and “Auction Final Price 
Determination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the “Parallel Auction”, “Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms” and “Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” and the terms of these 
Additional CLN Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s) (as applicable) (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the 
Auction Final Price. If the Calculation Agent determines that the Auction Final Price does not 
reflect the price of the entire relevant Asset Package, as determined above, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment to the Auction Final Price and/or the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount as it deems necessary to reflect the value of the Asset Package and to preserve the 
economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and for such purposes the Calculation 
Agent may take into account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset 
that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset 
Package but that has not been taken into in the Auction Final Price that may be published by 
the DC Secretary. 
7 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Cash Redemption applies 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any 
other Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, 
redeemed in full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as

--- Page 198 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
198 
 
provided for in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), and subject to Additional CLN 
Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements), if (i) a relevant Event Determination Date has 
occurred with respect to any Reference Entity, and (ii) Auction Redemption does not apply 
pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6(b) (Fallback Redemption) then Cash Redemption shall 
apply and following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date:  
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine (A) the Value of the Valuation Obligations in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7(b) (Determination of the Value of the 
Valuation Obligations), (B) the Credit Event Loss Amount and (C) the Affected Swap 
Value as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference 
Business Days following the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date (the date upon which 
the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value have been determined being 
the “CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date”); 
 
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to 
the Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within five 
Reference Business Days following the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and  
 
the Issuer shall redeem: 
(A) 
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit 
Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, First Default Linear Basket CLNs or First-
to-Default Basket CLNs, each Credit Linked Note in whole on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit 
Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, (1) a portion of the 
principal amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion 
(determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Credit Event occurred) on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the 
remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note at its Final Redemption Amount on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(C) 
if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, (1) a portion of the 
principal amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion on 
the relevant Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount and 
(2) the remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note (if any) at its Final 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date (save that (where permitted) 
if another Credit Event Notice is delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
such further Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes determined by 
reference to the Exercise Amount specified in the additional Credit Event Notice 
shall be redeemed in accordance with these Additional CLN Conditions), 
in each case irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall fully and effectively 
discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note.

--- Page 199 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
199 
 
(b) 
Determination of the Value of the Valuation Obligations 
 
The Value of the Valuation Obligations will be determined by the Calculation Agent within 
120 Reference Business Days of the relevant Event Determination Date (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the date of such determination being 
the “Valuation Obligation Valuation Date”. 
 
If: 
(A) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall include accrued 
but unpaid interest;  
(B) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after determining the 
Value of the Valuation Obligations, notify the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal 
Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent in writing of (A) the Valuation Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which the Calculation Agent has used to calculate the Value of the 
Valuation Obligations, and (B) the Value of the Valuation Obligations and the Issuer (or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will deliver a copy of 
such notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) 
(provided that any failure to give such notice to the Noteholders shall not affect any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes). 
 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond specified in the notice to the Trustee may be 
satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and such Asset Package shall be 
treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it 
corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as 
applicable) equal to zero, and (C) for any other Asset Package the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the value of the Asset Package and a Quotation shall be deemed to 
have been obtained for such valuation provided that the Calculation Agent may obtain 
Quotations for some or all of the components of the Asset Package and/or take account 
of any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument that may be published by the DC 
Secretary.

--- Page 200 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
200 
 
8 
Liquidation and Early Redemption 
Following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date and an Early Redemption 
Commencement Date in respect of a Series (or, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes 
apply, a Class), for the purposes of determining the Early Cash Redemption Amount payable on the 
relevant Early Redemption Date and redeeming such Notes the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the 
Applicable Proportion in accordance with Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process), but for 
this purpose: 
 
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to 
the Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five 
Reference Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as the case may be (the “Credit Liquidation 
Period”); and  
 
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-in, firm 
executable bid price (a “Collateral Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase an 
amount of the Collateral (or, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, 
the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable Proportion on a day within the 
Credit Liquidation Period, and it shall sell such amount of Collateral on such a date to 
the Quotation Dealer who provides the highest Collateral Quotation, save that where no 
Quotations are obtained, the Disposal Agent shall determine the fair market value of the 
Collateral (or, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant 
Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable Proportion, 
and for the avoidance of doubt, where the Credit Liquidation Period and/or number of 
Quotations to be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant Credit Liquidation 
Period and/or number of Quotations to be obtained shall be set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms;  
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Affected Swap Value as soon as reasonably 
practicable, and in any event on a day within the Credit Liquidation Period;  
(c) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, in respect of a Class of Credit Linked 
Notes for which the Specified Currency is not the Base Currency, the Disposal Agent shall 
make arrangements for the Issuer to convert the relevant Early Cash Redemption Amount, into 
the Specified Currency at the spot foreign exchange rate prevailing at 5:00 p.m. London time 
(or such other time as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on the relevant Credit Event 
Valuation Date or CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, for sale of the relevant 
non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency; and 
(d) 
following such Liquidation and, where applicable, conversion into the Specified Currency in 
accordance with the foregoing sub-paragraphs of this Additional CLN Condition 8, the Disposal 
Agent shall transfer such realised monies to the relevant Cash Accounts (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Issuer held with the Custodian not later than one Business Day prior 
to the date on which the Issuer is to make any payment to the Noteholders or Swap 
Counterparty.

--- Page 201 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
201 
 
9 
Effect of DC Announcements 
(a) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If an Event Determination Date is subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final 
Price Determination Date, a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, an Early Redemption Date or 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect 
to the Reference Entity for the purposes of these Additional CLN Conditions. 
(b) 
Linear Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each Reference Entity specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms provided that other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event 
Determination Date shall apply only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Early Redemption Date or, to the extent applicable, an Auction Final Price Determination Date 
or a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, all timing requirements in these Additional CLN 
Conditions that pertain to settlement shall toll and remain suspended until the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
as applicable. During such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in 
connection with the settlement of such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Reference Business Day following 
such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer having the benefit of the full 
day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The Calculation Agent shall deliver 
to the Issuer, and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) shall 
deliver a notice in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders giving 
notice of any suspension or resumption of timing requirements pursuant to this Additional CLN 
Condition 9.  
10 Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount 
Subject to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements), if a relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred with respect to any Reference Entity and “Fixed Recovery 
Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, redeemed 
in full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled, then following the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date: 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected 
Swap Value as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference 
Business Days following the relevant Event Determination Date (the date upon which

--- Page 202 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
202 
 
the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value have been determined being 
the “Fixed Recovery Valuation Date”); 
 
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where 
the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal 
to the Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 
five Reference Business Days following the relevant Event Determination Date in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and  
 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the Early Redemption Date shall fully and effectively 
discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, following the occurrence of an applicable Early 
Redemption Date the Issuer shall not be required to make any payment to the Noteholder on 
account of principal and/or interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion. 
11 Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Successor determinations 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor 
or Successors provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the 
time of the determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the 
relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating 
the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this 
Additional CLN Condition 11(a), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider 
all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession.  
(b) 
Multiple Successors 
Following a Succession Date if more than one Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or of the Trustee or any other 
Transaction Party being required to reflect the following terms: 
 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity and more than one Credit Event may occur 
during the Term of the Credit Linked Notes in respect thereof but, subject to Additional 
CLN Condition 5 (Exercise Amounts in respect of M(M)R Restructuring), once only in 
relation to each Successor; 
 
where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such Succession 
Date:

--- Page 203 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
203 
 
 
where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, Linear Basket CLNs or 
Index Linked CLNs, the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole in respect 
of a Successor (except where it is the last remaining Reference Entity) but 
instead the provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions shall be deemed to 
apply to the Reference Entity Notional Amount represented by that Reference 
Entity only after division in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part and the Additional CLN Conditions and/or 
the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly; and 
 
where the Credit Linked Notes are First-to-Default Basket CLNs or First Default 
Linear Basket CLNs, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem in whole in respect of 
a Successor and the Additional CLN Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly; 
 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity will be divided 
equally between the number of Successors and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant type of Reference Entity (including any relevant Reference Entity Obligation 
and Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) by 
reference to market practice in such type of Reference Entity; 
 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, then it will be 
deemed to be a Reference Entity only once, and the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, as applicable); and 
 
upon the identification of any Successor, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Noteholders giving details of any such Successors and/or 
any amendments made to the Conditions, provided that the failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of such event and any amendments made to the Conditions 
to give effect to such event. 
(c) 
Exchange offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of 
the definition of “Successor” shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(d) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (a) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or 
Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation 
as direct obligor or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint 
Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as 
guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 204 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
204 
 
(e) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
12 Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall 
constitute a Restructuring unless the Reference Entity Obligation is a Multiple Holder Obligation, 
where “Multiple Holder Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation that (a) at the time of the 
event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant 
to the terms of the Reference Entity Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal 
to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event (provided that sub-paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Reference Entity 
Obligation is a Bond). 
13 Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard 
Reference Obligation, which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List published by ISDA 
on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or 
by a third party designated by ISDA for such purposes (if any), provided that: 
 
if there is no Standard Reference Obligation; and  
 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purposes 
of comprising a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
the relevant Reference Obligation shall be (x) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and 
(y) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the 
Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected 
as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be each 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Entity.

--- Page 205 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
205 
 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b) 
to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent 
will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the 
determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.  
 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of 
“Substitution Event” have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic 
or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of 
this Additional CLN Condition 13(b)). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Substitution Event” has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-
paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change in the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available; or 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”;  
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 206 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
206 
 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,  
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available,  
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available,  
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date:  
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available,  
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,  
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available,  
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”. 
 If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b), the 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that 
most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify 
the Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after 
it has been identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN 
Condition 13(b) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to sub-paragraph 
(i) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b), the 
Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation.

--- Page 207 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
207 
 
(c) 
Reference Obligation Only Series 
 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Series in respect of a Reference Entity to 
which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, and such Reference Obligation is the only 
Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be redeemed at the fair market value of the Applicable Proportion of 
the Credit Linked Notes determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Substitution Event 
Date. The Calculation Agent shall deliver to the Issuer and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice 
addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) shall deliver a notice in accordance with 
Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of such 
Substitution Event and setting out the Early Redemption Date in respect thereof, which 
shall be a date not earlier than the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, and (b) if the events set 
out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect 
to the Reference Obligation to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, such 
Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation.  
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of this Additional CLN Condition 13, the Calculation Agent shall 
select as the Substitute Reference Obligation for a Series an obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
14 LPN Reference Entities 
In respect of each Reference Entity, if the applicable “Transaction Type” is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will be “Not Applicable” with respect to any Reference Obligation 
(and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Reference Entity Obligation notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Additional CLN Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Additional CLN Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation 
is not an obligation of such Reference Entity; 
(d) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an 
Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to 
such LPN Reference Obligation; and 
(e) 
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of such Reference 
Entity.

--- Page 208 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
208 
 
15 Change in Standard Hedging Terms 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Standard Hedging Terms has occurred, it may 
(but has no obligation to) make such amendments to the terms of any of the Notes and/or the 
Transaction Documents as it determines (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) 
are appropriate to account for the effect (including, without limitation, the economic effect) of such 
Change in Standard Hedging Terms on any hedging activities the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of 
its affiliates) may enter into in connection with the Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment that would affect the rights, obligations or duties of 
any of the Trustee, Issuing and Paying Agent, Paying Agent or Custodian can only be made with the 
agreement of any such person. 
The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the relevant Transaction Parties (including the Issuing 
and Paying Agent), the relevant clearing system(s) and the Noteholders in writing (such notice, an 
“Amendment Notice”) and, ten Business Days following the Calculation Agent giving such 
Amendment Notice, such amendments shall be binding on the Issuer, the relevant Transaction 
Parties and the Noteholders. 
16 Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with 
the Additional CLN Conditions: 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
“Additional LPN” means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an “LPN”) by an 
entity (the “LPN Issuer”) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to:  
(a) 
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the “Underlying Loan”); or  
(b) 
provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument (the “Underlying Finance Instrument”),  
provided that:  
 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN such 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity; or  
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such 
LPN such Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics;  
 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not 
Domestic Issuance; and  
 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying

--- Page 209 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
209 
 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of 
the LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which list is 
currently available at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
“Affected Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event and a 
relevant Event Determination Date has occurred.  
“Affected Swap Gain” means (i) where the Affected Swap Value would be payable to the Issuer, the 
absolute value of the Affected Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Affected Swap Loss” means (i) where the Affected Swap Value would be payable to the Swap 
Counterparty, the absolute value of the Affected Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Affected Swap Value” means, for the purposes of the Credit Event Valuation Date or CDS Cash 
Redemption Valuation Date or Fixed Recovery Valuation Date, as applicable, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in 
the Related Swap) of the Related Swap that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
or by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, under the Related Swap upon a termination of the Related 
Swap on the Credit Event Valuation Date or CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on the basis that: 
(a) 
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party; 
(b) 
the Related Swap: 
(i) in the case of Credit Linked Notes other than First Default Linear Basket CLNs, relates to 
(x) a notional amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Applicable Proportion; and (y) a 
principal amount of Original Collateral equal to the Applicable Proportion; 
(ii) in the case of First Default Linear Basket CLNs: 
(A) 
includes the portion of the CDS relating to each Non-Affected Reference Entity; 
and 
(B) 
excludes the portion of the CDS relating to the Affected Reference Entity; 
(c) 
where the Credit Linked Series of Notes comprises Classes, the Related Swap is deemed for 
this purpose to comprise only the Swap Transaction in respect of the relevant Class and the 
portion of the Credit Support Annex relating thereto;  
(d) 
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Early Termination Amount payable by the Issuer shall be 
limited to the prevailing value of a principal amount of Original Collateral (or, where the Credit 
Linked Series of Notes comprises Classes, the Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable 
Proportion on the Credit Event Valuation Date, CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date or Fixed 
Recovery Valuation Date;  
(e) 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Related Swap 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof; and 
(f) 
where either of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty have a Credit Support Balance under the 
Credit Support Annex, such Credit Support Balance (or, where the Series comprises Classes,

--- Page 210 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
210 
 
a proportion of such Credit Support Balance determined to relate to the Swap Transaction for 
the relevant Class) shall be taken into account in determining an Unpaid Amount. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, on any date thereafter, 
the aggregate nominal amount of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series outstanding on such date, 
taking into account any amortisations, partial redemptions (including pursuant to the Additional CLN 
Conditions) and further issues of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
“Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 15 (Change in 
Standard Hedging Terms). 
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account 
the terms of the Series, is relevant to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Reference 
Entity Obligations thereof and which relates to deliverable obligations which would constitute 
Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s), as applicable, under the Credit Linked 
Notes (or if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, which relates to the Asset Package for 
obligations which would constitute Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), 
as applicable, under the Credit Linked Notes) (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account the credit derivatives transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, 
reference entity, obligations and deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates and, if the Auction 
relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes and the 
scheduled termination date of the credit derivatives transactions covered by the Auction and the 
maturity date of the deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates. 
“Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference 
Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if 
any) which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, are relevant 
to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit 
derivatives transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference entity, 
obligation(s), deliverable obligations, Package Observable Bonds and Prior Deliverable Obligations 
(as applicable) which are the subject of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and 
the Credit Events, Reference Entities and Reference Entity Obligations and Deliverable Obligations 
under the Credit Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the relevant 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, notify the Issuer that 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have been published with respect to a 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event. 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof to which such DC Credit Event 
Announcement relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes.  
“Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, 
is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account

--- Page 211 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
211 
 
the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are 
the subject of the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question” means a DC Credit Event Question which the Calculation 
Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives transaction(s), 
credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC Credit Event 
Question). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal 
which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the 
Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit 
derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the 
subject of the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal). 
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the 
Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit 
derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the 
subject of the DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and 
Reference Entity Obligations thereof under the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Applicable Proportion” means, in respect of a relevant Event Determination Date: 
(a) 
where the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN, a First-to-Default Basket CLN or a First 
Default Linear Basket CLN and redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event, 100 per cent.; or 
(b) 
where the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN and redemption 
is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(c) 
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
 
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the Affected 
Reference Entity divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
 
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the sum of (A) the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount and (B) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of each outstanding Non-Affected Reference Entity (if 
any); 
 
in the case of a First Default Linear Basket CLN, 100 per cent.; or 
 
in the case of a Linear Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN, an amount (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
provided that where the Applicable Proportion is applied pursuant to an Additional CLN Condition in 
respect of:

--- Page 212 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
212 
 
(A) 
any Collateral, Original Collateral or Class Collateral, it shall be construed as applying to the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Collateral, Original Collateral or Class Collateral, or  
(B) 
the entire Series or, where applicable, relevant Class of Credit Linked Notes (and not to a Credit 
Linked Note individually) or is being used to determine the Credit Event Loss Amount, it shall 
be applied to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or relevant Class, as 
applicable. 
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the 
Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit 
derivatives transaction(s), credit event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof 
and any other factor to which the DC Resolution relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and 
(b) any hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes). 
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation 
Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or 
other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised 
or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).  
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package 
shall be deemed to be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and 
Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond (as applicable) to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if “Restructuring” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute 
a Governmental Intervention; and  
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Asset Package Delivery” will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the

--- Page 213 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
213 
 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
“Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant 
Issue Terms, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) 
and accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Auction” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, unless otherwise specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction pursuant to which an Auction Final 
Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was 
deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the administrators 
specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other 
date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in 
respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or 
Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or, if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package which results from either a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under the Credit Linked Notes, determined to 
be the Auction Final Price in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after publication of the Auction Final Price 
in respect of an Applicable Auction, send a notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Swap Counterparty) setting out the Auction Final Price and the Issuer (or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, having been provided with a notice addressed to the Noteholders by the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall give an equivalent notice to the Noteholders. If an Asset 
Package Credit Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent determines that the Auction Final Price 
does not reflect the entire relevant Asset Package (including any cash forming part of the Asset 
Package and any cash in respect of the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment as it deems necessary 
to the Auction Final Price in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 6(d) (Auction Final Price of 
the Asset Package) to ensure that the entire relevant Asset Package is reflected. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if 
any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in

--- Page 214 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
214 
 
writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective, (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (g) of this definition. 
“Basket CLNs” means First-to-Default Basket CLNs, Linear Basket CLNs or First Default Linear 
Basket CLNs, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is 
in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.  
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).  
“CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 
7(a) (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Cash Redemption applies). 
“Change in Standard Hedging Terms” will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the 
terms of any hedging activities that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) has or may 
enter into in connection with a Series of Notes will or may change as a result of, without limitation, 
modification pursuant to any protocol published by ISDA or any equivalent market arrangement (in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner); or (b) market standard terms or market trading conventions in the credit derivatives market 
have changed since the Initial Trade Date of such Notes. 
“Collateral Proceeds” means the Specified Currency Proceeds, save that the amount of Collateral 
Liquidated in respect of the Credit Linked Notes shall be equal to the Applicable Proportion, or, where 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the Applicable Proportion of the Class 
Collateral, with the result being rounded up to the nearest tradable unit of the Original Collateral, if 
required.

--- Page 215 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
215 
 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the date on which it is due to be delivered into an Auction, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor of the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment 
or transfer to so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or 
transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”. 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”. 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The 
Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
(including any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such 
manner as it shall determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be 
necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is 
defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant to 
the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would 
otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not 
such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Reference Entity Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Reference Entity Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or

--- Page 216 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
216 
 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means (a) for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit 
Event (or, with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar 
days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar 
days prior to the earlier of (i) the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the 
Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Credit Event Loss Amount” means, with respect to a Credit Event Valuation Date (if Auction 
Redemption applies), CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date (if Cash Redemption applies) or Fixed 
Recovery Valuation Date (if Fixed Recovery Redemption applies), as applicable: 
 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes other than First Default Linear Basket CLNs, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater 
of:  
 
zero; and  
 
the product of (I) the Applicable Proportion and (II) 100 per cent. minus either (x) 
if Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Final Price, (y) if Cash Redemption 
applies, the Value of the Valuation Obligations, or (z) if Fixed Recovery 
Redemption applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage, as applicable; and  
 
in the case of First Default Linear Basket CLNs, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of (I) the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity and (II) 100 per 
cent. minus either (x) if Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Final Price or (y) 
if Cash Redemption applies, the Value of the Valuation Obligations, as applicable.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Credit Event Loss Amount may be adjusted where, pursuant to 
Section 2.2(a) of the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, one or more Successors are identified in 
relation to the Reference Entity. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, which 
the Swap Counterparty has the right but not the obligation to deliver, that: 
(a) 
identifies the Series to which the Credit Event Notice relates; and 
(b) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or 
prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date.

--- Page 217 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
217 
 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in 
respect of the full principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes in the relevant Series (or, in respect of 
Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on 
which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Credit Event Settlement Method” means “Auction Redemption” or “Fixed Recovery Redemption”, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Credit Event Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 6(a) 
(Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Auction Redemption applies). 
“CUSIP” means, with respect to a security, the “CUSIP” identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the 
date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event for the purposes of the relevant Series 
has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date 
provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.  
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
in respect to a Reference Entity of the relevant Series has occurred.  
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 218 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
218 
 
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of “Resolve” below. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
“DC Secretary” means ISDA or such other entity designated as DC Secretary in accordance with the 
DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means, if Auction Redemption applies: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the “Method for determining Deliverable Obligations” below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, “Financial 
Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or any Package 
Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero 
(determined for the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event). 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
A Deliverable Obligation shall be each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, as of the date 
on which such obligation is to be delivered in an Auction (the “Delivery Date”) (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
If an obligation would have been capable of being specified as a Deliverable Obligation immediately 
prior to a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, such obligation (as in effect after such Credit 
Event) shall continue to be able to constitute a Deliverable Obligation after the occurrence of such 
Credit Event. If it is not possible or reasonably practicable to specify any Reference Entity Obligation 
as a Deliverable Obligation of the Reference Entity because there is or will be no Deliverable 
Obligation in existence at any time, the Calculation Agent shall designate by notice (which shall be in 
writing (including by email)) to the Issuer one or more bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or other 
obligations which have been or will be issued in exchange, whether pursuant to a mandatory or 
voluntary exchange, for one or more bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or obligations of the 
Reference Entity that would have been capable of being specified as a Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 219 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
219 
 
immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event of the Reference Entity, provided, 
that failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the effectiveness of such designation. 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation” 
below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of 
“Reference Obligation Only” shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation” below), Assignable Loan, 
Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer. 
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify 
criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations.  
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share 
in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer (to the extent 
the Issuer is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or 
member of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding 
sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or 
any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a 
Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (A) the as of the date on which it is due to be delivered into an Auction or (B) the 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as applicable. 
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Master 
Conditions, in respect of each Credit Linked Note:

--- Page 220 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
220 
 
(a) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early pursuant to the Additional Redemption 
Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event), an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to that Credit Linked Note’s pro rata 
share of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency equivalent to the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater of: 
 
zero; and 
 
the Collateral Proceeds; plus 
(A) 
the Affected Swap Gain (if any); minus 
(B) 
the Affected Swap Loss (if any); minus 
(C) 
the Credit Event Loss Amount (if any); plus 
(D) 
where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, the Swap Counterparty CSA 
Interest Amount (if any); and 
(b) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early otherwise than pursuant to the Additional 
Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event), an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to that Note’s pro rata 
share of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency equivalent to the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater of: 
 
zero; and  
 
the Collateral Proceeds; plus 
(A) 
the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement (which 
shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Related Swap(s) and the relevant 
CDS) that is payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon) and is, where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that Classes apply, attributable to the relevant Class of Notes; less 
(B) 
the portion of any Termination Payment in respect the Swap Agreement (which 
shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Related Swap(s) and the relevant 
CDS) that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon) and is, where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that Classes apply, attributable to the relevant Class of Notes; plus 
(C) 
where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, the Swap Counterparty CSA 
Interest Amount (if any). 
“Early Redemption Date” means, where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early pursuant to 
the Additional Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2 (Redemption of Credit 
Linked Notes), notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Master Conditions, the day falling five 
Reference Business Days after (i) the Credit Event Valuation Date (where Auction Redemption 
applies), (ii) the CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date (where Cash Redemption applies) or (iii) the 
Fixed Recovery Valuation Date (where Fixed Recovery Redemption applies), as applicable. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information.

--- Page 221 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
221 
 
“Eligible Transferee” means 
(a) 
any: 
 bank or other financial institution; 
 insurance or reinsurance company; 
 mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified 
in sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and 
 registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
 that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) 
that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment 
vehicles under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of 
at least USD 100,000,000; 
 that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
 the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
 
 
any Sovereign; or 
 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other 
currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or  
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date) and either:

--- Page 222 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
222 
 
 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on or 
prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or  
 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (or a notice is delivered by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer electing a relevant Exercise Amount and is deemed to be a 
Credit Event Notice) and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-Off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Early Redemption Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs;  
(2) 
if any Valuation Obligation Valuation Date or date on which a Deliverable 
Obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity to which 
the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation 
Obligation Valuation Date or date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be 
delivered into an Auction, as applicable, has occurred; and  
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, (aa) 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the 
subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice was less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall not apply to First Default Linear Basket CLNs (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms)), or (cc) unless a credit 
derivatives transaction with the same tenor and deliverable obligation provisions 
as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and the 
Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations for such Series. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, 
and any Event Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, or the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with 
respect to such event. 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant 
Issue Terms;  
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and

--- Page 223 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
223 
 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and  
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for the purposes of 
determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further 
Subordinated Obligation. 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Additional CLN Condition 5(a) (M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event). 
“Exercise Cut-Off Date” means either:  
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring: 
 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be published, 
the date that is seven Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such 
Final List is published; or 
 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, 
(a) 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN 
Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and no relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior 
to the Notes Extension Date, the date falling five Reference Business Days after the Notes Extension 
Date or, if Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date 
Extension) and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, 
the Early Redemption Date.  
“Extension Date” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, (b) the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Reference Entity Obligations, in accordance with the terms

--- Page 224 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
224 
 
of such Reference Entity Obligations at the time of such failure. If “Credit Deterioration 
Requirement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either 
result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity. Notwithstanding that the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate 
by reference the definitions and provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, any 
determination relating to this requirement will, unless a DC Credit Event Announcement or DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred with respect to the Failure to Pay Credit Event specified in 
the relevant Credit Event Notice, be determined having regard to the principles set out in the 
interpretive guidance note (Exhibit F to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) in the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions published 
by ISDA on 15 July 2019. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion 
existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a 
Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
“Final List” means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations (as applicable) and/or Assets which are the subject of the related Auction 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, that Note’s pro rata share of the sum of: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as at the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount (if any). 
“First-to-Default Basket CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in 
respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and where a relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference 
Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will fall due for redemption in full at an amount equal in aggregate 
to the Early Cash Redemption Amount, for which purpose (i) the Early Termination Amount of the 
Related Swap will be determined on the basis that the Related Swap relates to a notional amount of 
Credit Linked Notes equal to the Applicable Proportion and a principal amount of Original Collateral 
equal to the Applicable Proportion and (ii) the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by 
reference to the Applicable Proportion. 
“First Default Linear Basket CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in 
respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and where a relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference 
Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will fall due for redemption in full at an amount equal in aggregate 
to the Early Cash Redemption Amount, for which purpose (i) the Early Termination Amount of the 
Related Swap will be determined on the basis that the Related Swap includes the portion of the CDS 
relating to each Non-Affected Reference Entity and excludes the portion of the CDS relating to the

--- Page 225 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
225 
 
Affected Reference Entity and (ii) the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity. 
“First Ranking Interest” means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar 
effect) (an “Interest”), which is expressed as being “first ranking”, “first priority”, or similar (“First 
Ranking”) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First 
Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer). 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one 
or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Fixed Recovery Notes” means a Series for which Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Early Cash Redemption Amount per Credit Linked Note 
is the Fixed Recovery Percentage of the Applicable Proportion of the outstanding principal amount of 
the Credit Linked Note. 
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, in respect of a Fixed Recovery Note, the percentage specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Fixed Recovery Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 10(a)(i) 
(Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount). 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each 
case, as of the Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of 
a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent, for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for 
the purposes of this definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
“Governmental Authority” means:  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; or  
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) 
of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) 
of this definition. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations 
and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental

--- Page 226 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
226 
 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other 
similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity 
Obligation:  
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:  
 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination);  
 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination);  
 a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or  
 a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity 
Obligation;  
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Reference Entity Obligation;  
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or  
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) 
to (a)(iii) of this definition.  
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect 
to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation in 
effect as of the date as of which such Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace 
period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period 
shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which a Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace 
period with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation, 
a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Reference Entity Obligation; provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later 
than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Reference Entity Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified,

--- Page 227 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
227 
 
(a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Reference Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to 
Pay. If “Grace Period Extension” is not specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Grace Period Extension shall not apply.  
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Index” means an Index of Reference Entities as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Index Linked CLN” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of an 
Index comprised of the Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and pursuant to 
which, on each occasion on which a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part at an 
amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such Reference 
Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Settlement Method. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc., (or any successor 
organisation thereto). 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition 
of “Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year 
to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-
year Limitation Date”), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Linear Basket CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two 
or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which a Credit Event and a 
relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in part at an amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount relating to such Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event 
Settlement Method. 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement 
and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. 
Any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not 
prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN 
Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer to (a) finance a 
loan to the Reference Entity and each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan; or (b) provide finance

--- Page 228 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
228 
 
to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument and each such 
deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument shall be an Underlying Finance Instrument. 
“Maturity Date Extension” means an extension determined in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension). 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years).  
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or 
“Mod Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and 
other financial assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No 
Auction Announcement Date”, the option of the Swap Counterparty to apply the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of Auction 
Redemption.  
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-Off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 12 (Multiple 
Holder Obligation). 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, 
(b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior 
public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no 
Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes 
not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Non-Affected Reference Entity” means, in respect of Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date, each Reference 
Entity in respect of which such Event Determination Date has not occurred. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation.

--- Page 229 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
229 
 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation” on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date 
it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable).  
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets.  
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or 
if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation.  
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions.  
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system. 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, 
as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic 
Law. 
“Notes Extension Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last applicable day specified in the 
definition of “Notice Delivery Period” in respect of each Reference Entity with respect to which Maturity 
Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and (b) 14 
calendar days after the DC Credit Event Announcement or (c) the last day of the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period. 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer.  
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the 
Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description

--- Page 230 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
230 
 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as “Paris Club debt”. 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or 
(b) the “Prior Reference Obligation” if applicable. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Reference Entity Obligations. 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, 
or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which a Reference Entity Obligation is 
denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable 
before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Reference Entity Obligations. 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as a Reference Obligation in the 
relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified).  
The “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation will be calculated as follows:  
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of “Accrued 
Interest”, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the 
case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including 
accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if 
references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the 
amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result

--- Page 231 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
231 
 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-
paragraph (a) of this definition less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b), the “Non-Contingent Amount”); and  
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, in each case, determined: (A) unless otherwise specified, in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date on which an obligation is due to be delivered 
into an Auction, or (B) the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as applicable; and (ii) with 
respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as 
such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation), 
in each case, determined:  
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date 
on which an obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction or the Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and  
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation), 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (B) above, “applicable laws” shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may 
become, subject. 
If “Outstanding Principal Balance Fallback Discounting” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation 
is not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that 
has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where 
the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) 
such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which 
would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for 
the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or 
amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed 
to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) 
that were tendered or exchanged (the “Original Obligation(s)”) at the time of such 
exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued 
by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue 
price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation.

--- Page 232 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
232 
 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations 
for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. 
Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms 
of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
For purposes of this definition, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which 
could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and 
payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot 
exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding 
the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring”, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such an M(M)R 
Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are substantially the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a credit derivatives 
transaction with the same tenor as Series of the Credit Linked Notes would not be an “Auction 
Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.  
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment 
or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity’s payment obligations:  
(a) 
as a result of the application of:

--- Page 233 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
233 
 
 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity;  
 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;  
 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations 
in the case of any other Guarantee); or 
 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or  
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation 
and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances 
where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the 
same single transferee. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the “Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix” as most 
recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). 
The Physical Settlement Matrix may be applicable to any Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms” are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and one or more Transaction 
Type(s) are specified as applying to the Reference Entity(ies) of such Series. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)).  
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Reference Entity Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such 
failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any 
grace period applicable to such Reference Entity Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means:  
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to 
such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and 
(iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the 
definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which 
such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or

--- Page 234 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
234 
 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not such event 
is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.  
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set-off 
by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, 
Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which 
the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have 
occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; (b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) 
or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for a Reference Entity Obligation, or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, 
petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority 
or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute 
Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above in the first 
paragraph of this definition of “Publicly Available Information”, the party receiving such information 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party 
delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information.

--- Page 235 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
235 
 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition of 
“Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (b) that 
the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (ii) is the result 
of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law).  
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: (i) by 
payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; (iv) due to the existence of 
a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, 
in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an 
event of the type described in the definition of “Bankruptcy” in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.  
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) the benefit of such guarantee must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a 
guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
For these purposes: 
(a) 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of 
the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable obligation (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, 
with respect to obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title)

--- Page 236 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
236 
 
and interest in the obligations to the Swap Counterparty free and clear of any and all liens, 
charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a 
relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other 
than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of 
the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable 
Underlying Obligor); provided that (i) if the relevant obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, 
“Deliver” means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Swap 
Counterparty and (ii) if the relevant obligation is a Guarantee, “Deliver” means to Deliver both 
the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed 
Cap, “Deliver” means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap; and 
(b) 
“Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
“Quotation” means each firm quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the relevant Valuation Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, expressed as a 
percentage of the Deliverable Obligation’s Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount (or if a Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in 
accordance with the Quotation Method. 
“Quotation Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Quotation Method not in excess of the Reference Entity Notional Amount or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an Asset 
Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into an Asset 
Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such amount as the 
Calculation Agent determines. 
“Quotation Method” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Quotations with respect to each Valuation Obligation Valuation Date 
from five or more Quotation Dealers and: 
(a) 
if four or more Quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent shall disregard the highest and 
lowest quotations and the Quotation Amount shall be the arithmetic mean of the remaining 
Quotations provided that (a) if more than one Quotation has the same highest or lowest value, 
then one of such Quotations shall be disregarded unless (b) all Quotations have the same 
value, in which case two of such Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(b) 
if three Quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent shall disregard the highest and lowest 
Quotations and the Quotation Amount shall be the remaining Quotation, provided that (a) if two 
Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such Quotations shall be 
disregarded and (b) if three Quotations have the same value, then two of such Quotations shall 
be disregarded; and 
(c) 
if two or fewer Quotations are obtained, the Quotation Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the fair value of the relevant Valuation Obligation.

--- Page 237 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
237 
 
“Reference Entity” means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. Any Successor 
to the Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of 
a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following 
the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, in respect of any Reference Entity, the notional amount 
from time to time of credit protection in relation to a Reference Entity, being (and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms): 
(a) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, the Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(b) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the product of (i) the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and (ii) the quotient of (A) the related Weighting and (B) the sum 
of the Weightings of each Reference Entity as of the Trade Date without regard to any Credit 
Event that may have occurred after the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date. 
Subject in each case to Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions) relating to the 
determination of successor Reference Entities and provided that where the Credit Linked Notes are 
subject to redemption or purchase and cancellation in part, or where further securities are issued 
which are fungible with the Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount shall be 
reduced or, as applicable, increased, proportionately.  
“Reference Entity Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior to, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or 
the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
“Reference Entity Outstanding Amount” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 
5(b) (Partial Redemption in respect of M(M)R Restructuring).  
“Reference Obligation” means:  
(a) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Standard Reference Obligation, if any; 
(b) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or 
(c) 
if (i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) 
there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the 
Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation,

--- Page 238 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
238 
 
provided that, in respect of each Reference Entity, if the applicable “Transaction Type” is specified as 
“Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation 
means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at 
http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-Data-CDS, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance 
with the definition of “Additional LPN” as provided in these Additional CLN Conditions, and each 
Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will 
be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional CLN 
Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity. Standard Reference Obligation shall be “Not Applicable”. The proviso in respect of “Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation” in these Additional CLN Conditions shall not apply. It is intended 
that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all applicable references 
in these Additional CLN Conditions to “the Reference Obligation” shall be construed as a reference 
to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions of the Additional CLN Obligation shall be 
construed accordingly. The provisos in respect of “Substitution Reference Obligation” and 
“Substitution Event” in these Additional CLN Conditions shall not be applicable to LPN Reference 
Obligations. 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, 
as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered into the 
Auction or selected by the Calculation Agent in the determination of the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations, as the case may be. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first 
succession), provided that:  
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held 
by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded;  
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of “Successor”, make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to 
and including the Succession Date;  
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include

--- Page 239 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
239 
 
the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond 
or Loan”; and 
(d) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall 
exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, “Relevant Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if the 
relevant Reference Entity were a Senior Reference Entity. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised 
officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or 
rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Reference Entity Obligations in 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a 
moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more 
Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Reference Entity 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Reference Entity Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that 
is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Reference Entity Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided 
that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.  
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the 
date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and such resolution 
constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either 
(i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to a Reference Entity 
Obligation of the Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 240 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
240 
 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is 
the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a 
specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means a Reference Entity Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in 
respect of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Reference Entity Obligation, is agreed between 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Reference Entity Obligation to bind all holders of the Reference Entity Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such Reference Entity Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way 
of exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the date as of which such Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to a Reference Entity 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union

--- Page 241 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
241 
 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event 
does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) of this definition 
of “Restructuring” only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency 
and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the 
Reference Entity in this definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured 
Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date 
occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan.  
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, (a) “Senior Level” or “Subordinated 
Level” as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, “Senior Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a 
Senior Obligation or “Subordinated Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) “Senior Level”.

--- Page 242 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
242 
 
“Senior Obligation” means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity.  
“Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation(s) or 
Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation provided that if there is more 
than one Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, and not all of the Reference Obligations are 
Senior Obligations, then “Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity where “Senior Level” is 
specified as the Seniority Level in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation.  
“Single Name CLN” means any Series in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity alone. 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation of a 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in 
respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable 
Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, “Specified Currency” shall also include an obligation that was previously payable 
in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, two). 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities.

--- Page 243 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
243 
 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation(s) 
or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation provided that if there 
is more than one Reference Obligation and not all of the Reference Obligations are Subordinated 
Reference Obligations, then “Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “First Obligation”), 
a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (b) the holders 
of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. “Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For the 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
(ii) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred 
(or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of payment 
of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that may replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 13 
(Reference Obligation).  
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the events 
set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference Obligation shall 
continue to be the Reference Obligation.  
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Trustee of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”.  
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;

--- Page 244 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
244 
 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced 
by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or  
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN code or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or 
(b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there 
is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, 
or (b) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity 
which would constitute a Successor. 
“Successor” means, subject to Additional CLN Condition 11(e) (Eligible Successors), the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee (as applicable) as follows: 
 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of that original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession 
Date; 
 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more 
than 25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of that original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date; 
 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more 
than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor in respect of a portion of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date (subject to 
Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions));

--- Page 245 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
245 
 
 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than 
25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor in respect of a 
portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity outstanding 
as at the Succession Date subject to and in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 11 
(Successor Provisions); 
 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity and 
the Credit Linked Notes will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of 
Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an 
equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor) subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions); and 
 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time 
of the determination either (i) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference 
Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has 
not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the sole Successor in 
respect of the relevant Series. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes liable 
for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, 
concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the “Exchange 
Bonds or Loans”) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and 
in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee with respect to the Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed accordingly.  
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 246 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
246 
 
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one 
or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the 
definition of “Successor”. 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more 
Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice 
is effective. 
“Suspended Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 3(b) 
(Suspension of Interest). 
“Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount” means the amount (if any) of the Interest Amount (in 
each case, as defined in the Credit Support Annex) that the Swap Counterparty is obliged to transfer 
to the Issuer as a result of the Credit Linked Notes falling due for redemption (or, where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the portion of such Interest Amount that the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner to be attributable to the relevant Class of 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed). 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open. 
“Term” means the period commencing on and including the Trade Date and ending on and including 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms, whether or not the Credit Linked Notes are covered by such Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligations Terms are substantially the 
same as the Deliverable Obligations Provisions with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if 
such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation” is applicable or deemed to be applicable, a credit derivatives transaction with the same 
tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the purposes of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Transaction Type” means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix to 
a Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Australia Corporate; 
(e) 
Australia Financial Corporate;

--- Page 247 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
247 
 
(f) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(g) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(k) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(l) 
Asia Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(o) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(p) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(q) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(r) 
New Zealand Sovereign; 
(s) 
Singapore Sovereign; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Western European Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to 
time. 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Notes Act of 1933, as amended (and 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of 
the guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
“Universal Successor” has the meaning given in the definition of Successor. 
“Valuation Obligation Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 7 
(Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 248 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
248 
 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably 
practicable to 11:00 a.m. London time, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
market valuing the Reference Obligation would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent) at such time, in which 
event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that 
such principal market is open.  
“Valuation Obligations” means, where Cash Redemption applies, one or more obligations, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent, provided such obligations(s) are either a Reference Obligation 
and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date (and 
for the purposes of interpreting the Deliverable Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, references to “the date on which it is due to be delivered in an Auction” shall be read 
and construed as references to the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date). 
“Value of the Valuation Obligations” means, if Cash Redemption applies, the value of the Valuation 
Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, determined in 
accordance with the Quotation Method, provided that for the purposes of identifying the Valuation 
Obligations, references to “the date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be delivered into an 
Auction” in the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Valuation 
Obligation Valuation Date” and provided further that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred 
any Deliverable Obligation which is a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond (as 
applicable) shall include the resulting Asset Package and the Value of the Valuation Obligations for 
such Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations for the relevant Asset Package determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 
7(b)(iv) (Determination of the Value of the Valuation Obligations).  
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
“Weighting” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the percentage weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Weighting is specified for such Reference Entity, 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Reference Entity to which the relevant Credit Event relates, divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes, in each case as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise provided in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 249 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
249 
 
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this annex to the CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall not form part 
of the Additional CLN Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes 
should only be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Terms and 
Conditions in their entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in 
the CLN Conditions Product Supplement and as amended, supplemented and varied by the relevant 
Issue Terms (the “Conditions” of the Credit Linked Notes). This section should be treated as an 
introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a 
summary of, the Conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meaning specified 
in the Additional CLN Conditions. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
The Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with 
a regular stream of interest payments and the return of par on maturity in the ordinary course 
(although bear in mind that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and recourse is limited to the 
Mortgaged Property in respect of the Notes). However, the Credit Linked Notes have the added 
feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit of one or more Reference 
Entities. If a Credit Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of 
its investment in the Notes. 
The amount of interest and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether a Credit Event 
occurs with respect to any Reference Entity and whether an Event Determination Date occurs as a 
result. If no Event Determination Date has occurred and the Calculation Agent does not believe that 
such an event (or a Collateral Event will occur), then the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at 
their outstanding nominal amount on the Maturity Date. If an Event Determination Date occurs, except 
where such event results from a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which there is a partial 
exercise or where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the Notes 
will be redeemed early in an amount in aggregate equal to the Early Cash Redemption Amount, with 
no further payment of principal or interest on the Notes (see further “What is an Event Determination 
Date?” and “What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit 
Event?” below). The Early Cash Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the 
Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero (see further “What are Noteholders paid if the Notes 
redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). Interest will cease to accrue on the 
Credit Linked Notes (or the Applicable Proportion where they are to redeem in part) from and including 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event Determination Date or, if there have not 
been any previous Interest Payment Dates, from and including the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Early Cash Redemption Amount takes into account the Credit Event Loss Amount which is the 
settlement amount as a result of the Credit Event in relation to the Reference Entity. The greater the 
Credit Event Loss Amount in relation to the Reference Entity, the lower the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount that is payable to the Noteholders in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 250 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
250 
 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest and principal which investors will receive on the Credit 
Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any relevant 
Reference Entity to which the Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. 
Therefore, many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap 
referencing the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
What are Single Name CLNs? 
Single Name CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of only one Reference 
Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms. If a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs then each Note will be redeemed in full by payment of the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, being an amount calculated as an amount per Note equal to the Specified Currency 
equivalent of an amount equal to the greater of (i) zero and (a) the Collateral Proceeds; plus (b) 
the Affected Swap Gain payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (if any); minus (c) the 
Affected Swap Loss payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (if any); minus (d) the Credit 
Event Loss Amount; plus (e) where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, the Swap 
Counterparty CSA Interest Amount. 
What are Linear Basket CLNs? 
Linear Basket CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or more 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Notes are exposed to the credit risk of 
each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the relevant Issue Terms. If a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket then each Linear Basket CLN will be redeemed in 
part, in proportion to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, by payment of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount calculated as described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. Credit 
Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to more than one 
Reference Entity.  
The Early Cash Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the exercised portion of the 
Notes equal to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity.  
What are First-to-Default Basket CLNs? 
First-to-Default Basket CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or 
more Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. First-to-Default Basket CLNs are 
similar to Linear Basket CLNs in that they are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in 
the basket. However, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of 
any one of the Reference Entity in the basket, then each First-to-Default CLN will be redeemed in full 
(or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs, in part) by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
calculated as described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. A Credit Event, and therefore 
Event Determination Date, may only occur with respect to one of the Reference Entities.

--- Page 251 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
251 
 
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of First-to-Default 
CLNs in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
What are First Default Linear Basket CLNs? 
First Default Linear Basket CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of 
two or more Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. First Default Linear Basket 
CLNs are similar to First-to-Default Basket CLNs and Linear Basket CLNs in that they are exposed 
to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket. However, if a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entity in the basket, then 
each First Default Linear Basket CLN will be redeemed in full by payment of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount calculated as described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above, for which 
purpose (i) the Affected Swap Value will include the portion of the CDS relating to each Non-Affected 
Reference Entity and exclude the portion of the CDS relating to the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) 
the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity only. A Credit Event, and therefore Event Determination 
Date, may only occur with respect to one of the Reference Entities. 
What are Index Linked CLNs? 
Index Linked CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of an index of Reference 
Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
If a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference 
Entities in the index then each Index Linked CLN will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the 
weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
calculated as described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. Credit Events, and therefore 
Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to more than one Reference Entity.  
The Early Cash Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the exercised portion of the 
Notes equal to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity.  
What are Fixed Recovery Notes? 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as applicable then, following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and relevant Event Determination Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date shall be calculated as set out in “What are Single Name CLNs?”, “What are 
Linear Basket CLNs?”, “What are First-to-Default Basket CLNs” and “What are Index Linked CLNs?” 
above, provided that instead of the Auction Final Price or Value of the Valuation Obligations, as the 
case may be, the “Fixed Recovery Percentage” set out in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply, which 
may be zero.  
What is credit risk?  
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain types of transactions of the Reference Entity. This is generally (but not 
exclusively) as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition. 
For the Credit Linked Notes, the credit risk is in relation to a broad range of transactions of a 
Reference Entity, and extends to any borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any loan agreements entered into by the Reference Entity and any 
debt securities issued by the Reference Entity.

--- Page 252 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
252 
 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out 
of date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of corporate or other 
actions such as a merger or demerger. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may 
be greater than the risks associated with the original Reference Entity. 
If the Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event will occur may 
be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities are 
concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the 
Reference Entity? 
The Credit Linked Notes give the investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without 
having to own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference Entity 
itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor will 
not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit Event 
of the Reference Entity. Neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty is obliged to hold any obligation 
of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to 
the credit risk of a Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also 
be exposed to other credit risks in relation to, for example, the Original Collateral Obligor, the 
Custodian and the Swap Counterparty. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an 
investor may still suffer a loss as a result of these other credit risks. 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) is a trade organisation of 
participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is 
responsible for creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter 
into derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information 
published by ISDA are available on ISDA’s website: http://www2.isda.org/. Certain publications are 
available free of charge while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 800 member institutions from 64 countries. These 
members include a broad range of OTC derivatives market participants. 
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a default or 
material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity.  
Credit Events are determined by reference to the relevant Reference Entity itself and certain eligible 
types of obligations of such Reference Entity which, in relation to the Notes, include loans, debt 
securities or other borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity (“Reference Entity 
Obligations”). If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as 
“Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Obligations of the 
Reference Entity will include loan participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of 
providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan participation notes to finance a loan or provide 
alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect 
of obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 253 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
253 
 
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to 
the Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Reference 
Entity Obligations, where the failure to pay relates to an amount greater than a pre-determined 
minimum amount; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity;  
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity which 
amends key terms of that Reference Entity Obligation as to repayment of principal or payment 
of interest thereunder; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference 
Entity before it would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum 
amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it 
would otherwise be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates a Reference Entity Obligation in 
respect of a pre-determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of a 
Reference Entity Obligation in respect of such minimum amount and a failure to pay under 
such obligation subsequently occurs within a specified time period; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or deferral of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in, an expropriation of or the 
mandatory cancellation of a Reference Entity Obligation as the result of an action taken or 
announcement made by a Governmental Authority. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on the Notes?  
If a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves that a Credit Event has occurred 
in relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation thereof (see further “What are the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Notes?” below), such 
Credit Event must have occurred during the period from and including the date that is 60 calendar 
days prior to the date on which it first received a request to resolve whether or not such Credit Event 
has occurred (the “Credit Event Resolution Request Date”) to and including the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). Whereas, if the Swap Counterparty determines 
that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation 
thereof and delivers a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee is not going to consider the same, such Credit Event must have occurred 
during the period from 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of the effective delivery date of such Credit 
Event Notice and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (subject to extension in certain 
circumstances). 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date?  
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and may even occur prior to the 
Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 254 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
254 
 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA 
prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the 
Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website at http://dc.isda.org/.  
What is an Event Determination Date? 
In order for Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event, it is necessary for a relevant Event 
Determination Date to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on 
which a notice describing the occurrence of the Credit Event has been delivered (together with, if 
applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event), or the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will be convened to determine if a certain Credit Event has occurred.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that one has occurred?  
No. The Swap Counterparty may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a Credit 
Event triggering an Event Determination Date. Such notice may be delivered at any time within the 
Notice Delivery Period including where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not 
resolved that a Credit Event has occurred. 
Although the Swap Counterparty may trigger an Event Determination Date following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if (i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
not already determined that such an event does not constitute a Credit Event; (ii) it has some 
information to support its determination that a Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances 
where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available 
Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. 
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit 
Event? 
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, Noteholders will be 
paid their pro rata share of the Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
The Early Cash Redemption Amount where Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit 
Event is an amount determined with respect to the Notes in the Specified Currency, by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (a) the Collateral Proceeds, plus (b) the Affected Swap Gain in relation to the Swap 
Agreement (if any), minus (c) the Affected Swap Loss in relation to the Swap Agreement (if any), 
minus (d) the Credit Event Loss Amount (if any) and plus (e) where all Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed, any interest amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the cash balance from time to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance. 
The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss (as applicable) reflects the market value of the Swap 
Agreement, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the Affected Swap Gain or Affected 
Swap Loss in respect of each Class of Notes will be valued separately in the Base Currency for such 
Class.

--- Page 255 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
255 
 
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early for reasons other than the 
occurrence of a Credit Event? 
The Early Cash Redemption Amount where the Notes redeem for reasons other than the occurrence 
of a Credit Event is an amount determined with respect to the Notes in the Specified Currency, by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (a) the Collateral Proceeds, plus (b) the portion of any Termination 
Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty 
and is, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, attributable to such Class of 
Notes being redeemed, minus (c) the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and is, where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that Classes apply, attributable to such Class of Notes being redeemed, plus (d) where 
all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed any interest amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance from time to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit 
Support Balance. Each of limbs (b), (c) and (d) will be subject to the determination by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, as to what portion or amount is attributable to 
the Swap Transaction relating to each Class of Notes being redeemed. 
The Termination Payment payable to the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, or from the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty, represents an aggregated amount due under the Swap Agreement following 
an early termination of the same. 
What is the Credit Event Loss Amount? 
The Credit Event Loss Amount is the settlement amount calculated in relation to a Credit Event with 
respect to any Reference Entity and such amount is taken into account in calculating the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event.  
The Credit Event Loss Amount is determined based on the price of certain eligible obligations 
(“Valuation Obligations”) of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the 
eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, that are 
either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular 
observation time in accordance with elections made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such 
eligible obligations may be determined either by an Auction or, where Cash Settlement applies, on 
the basis of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers. 
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
Unless the Calculation Agent determines that Auction Redemption would not apply for certain 
specified reasons, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to a price 
determined by way of a credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an “Auction”). The Auction will 
involve a bidding process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding 
procedure set by ISDA, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the “Deliverable 
Obligations”) of the relevant Reference Entity. Credit Suisse International may act as a participating 
bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
of the Reference Entity. If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is 
specified as “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
obligations of the Reference Entity will include loan participation notes which are issued for the sole 
purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan participation notes to finance a loan or 
provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 256 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
256 
 
Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified 
“Deliverable Obligation Categories” and “Deliverable Obligation Characteristics”. If the applicable 
“Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, such obligations of the Reference Entity will include loan 
participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such 
loan participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than First Default Linear Basket CLNs, the product of 
(I) the Applicable Proportion of the Notes being redeemed and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
in respect of First Default Linear Basket CLNs, the product of (I) the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a percentage) determined 
through the Auction for certain obligations of such Affected Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable 
Obligations. Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any 
Deliverable Obligation. The lower the auction price, the greater the Credit Event Loss Amount which 
gets paid to the Swap Counterparty and thus the smaller the Early Cash Redemption Amount paid to 
Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Auction Redemption does not apply? 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption will apply, the Credit Event Loss Amount 
will be determined on the basis of the bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers for the eligible obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent 
and satisfying certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations 
being the Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer will be entitled to 
select the cheapest Valuation Obligations for valuation. This could increase the Credit Event Loss 
Amount and, as a result, reduce the Early Cash Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders on an 
early redemption. 
If Cash Redemption applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than First Default Linear Basket CLNs, the product of 
(I) the Applicable Proportion of the Notes being redeemed and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations sought by the 
Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Valuation Obligations (or determined by the 
Calculation Agent if two or fewer quotations are obtained); and  
(b) 
in respect of First Default Linear Basket CLNs, the product of (I) the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a percentage) determined 
on the basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for 
the Valuation Obligations (or determined by the Calculation Agent if two or fewer quotations 
are obtained).

--- Page 257 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
257 
 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Notes are partially redeemed following a 
Restructuring Credit Event?  
In the case of all Credit Linked Notes other than First Default Linear Basket CLNs, if a Restructuring 
Credit Event occurs with respect to the Notes, and it constitutes an M(M)R Restructuring as elected 
in the Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes in 
respect thereof. The Swap Counterparty has the right to decide whether it will exercise a partial 
redemption of such Notes. This mirrors the right to trigger partial settlement following the occurrence 
of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event under a credit default swap. The Early Cash Redemption 
Amount payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of 
First Default Linear Basket CLNs, the Swap Counterparty will not have the right to trigger a partial 
redemption of the Notes following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and, accordingly, the Notes 
will redeem in full following any such Credit Event.  
What if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs and there is no outstanding Original 
Collateral? 
Where there is a Restructuring Credit Event and the Swap Counterparty has elected to trigger a 
partial redemption of the Notes but there is no Original Collateral standing to the credit of the Custody 
Account, a Liquidation shall not occur. The outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes shall 
be deemed to have been reduced by the Exercise Amount, the Swap Transaction will partially 
redeem, and an adjustment will be made to reflect the payments under the Credit Default Swap. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Notes are not redeemed early? 
If no Event Determination Date has occurred, and provided that the Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled (see further “When may the Issuer redeem the Credit 
Linked Notes early?” below), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date (which 
may in certain circumstances have been extended) at its Final Redemption Amount, which, in such 
circumstances, will be an amount equal to par. 
May Noteholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Noteholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. The Dealer 
may, but is not obligated to, purchase the Notes at any time in the open market or by tender or private 
treaty. 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes early if (i) an Event Determination Date occurs (other than where 
the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs or where such Event 
Determination Date has occurred as a result of a Restructuring Credit Event and the Swap 
Counterparty selects an Exercise Amount which is less than 100 per cent., in which case an amount 
of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount or Exercise Amount will be 
redeemed), (ii) a Collateral Event occurs with respect to any Original Collateral, (iii) a Trigger Event 
occurs, (iv) certain Regulatory Events occur, (v) certain tax events occur with respect to the Notes or 
the Original Collateral, (vi) the Swap Agreement is terminated early, (vii) certain events occur which 
make it unlawful for the Issuer to perform certain obligations, comply with material provisions of 
agreements entered into in connection with the Notes or hold Original Collateral, (viii) certain Events 
of Default occur or (ix) an Additional Redemption Event occurs. For further information see the section 
of the Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 258 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
258 
 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event? 
If an applicable Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occur, interest shall cease to 
accrue on Single Name CLNs, Basket CLNs, Index Linked CLNs or where the applicable Credit Event 
is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion (for further 
information see “What is the Applicable Proportion” below)) from and including the Interest Payment 
Date preceding such occurrence of the Event Determination Date or, (if no such Interest Payment 
Date exists), the Interest Commencement Date.  
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred will I receive payments of 
interest on each Interest Payment Date? 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payment of interest on a specified Interest Payment Date may be 
suspended pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (i) an 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and no 
corresponding DC Resolution has been published or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that factors 
exist which may amount to a Credit Event, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes 
will be suspended or where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion 
thereof (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, in relation to a portion of such 
Note equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a 
potential Credit Event may occur) or where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, 
on a portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer’s obligations to make such 
payments resume? 
Noteholders will not receive payment of such suspended interest amount until (i) an Applicable DC 
No Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal is made; (ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has not occurred or (iii) that an Event 
Determination Date has occurred but such Event Determination Date occurred after the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to which the interest payment was suspended. The Noteholders will be paid 
the suspended interest amount five Reference Business Days following the date on which the relevant 
determination under (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable, was made. 
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer’s obligation to 
make interest payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. 
What if a Credit Event and Event Determination Date are determined to have occurred 
during the period when interest payments were suspended? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event Determination 
Date falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended interest amount will 
no longer be due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed to cease to accrue on 
the Notes (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination 
Date has occurred) from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event 
Determination Date (or, the Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding 
Interest Payment Date).

--- Page 259 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
259 
 
What will happen to interest payments following a resumption of the Issuer’s obligations 
to make interest payments if the applicable Credit Event and Event Determination Date 
relate to an M(M)R Restructuring? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, (i) the proportion of the suspended interest amount which relates 
to the Applicable Proportion shall no longer be due under the Notes and will be deemed to have 
ceased to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event 
Determination Date (or, the Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding 
Interest Payment Date) and (ii) the remaining suspended interest amount will be paid to Noteholders 
five Reference Business Days following the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is 
delivered. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
Yes. If the Calculation Agent considers that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more 
Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to pay, or (iii) if 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If an Event Determination Date (i) has not occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date the Notes 
will be redeemed on the fifth Reference Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; and (ii) 
has occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then the Notes will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date in accordance with the Auction Redemption Terms, Cash Redemption Terms or 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms, as applicable. 
Will I receive an additional amount on account of interest if the Maturity Date is extended? 
If a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date are determined not to have occurred or are 
determined to not be applicable to the Notes then Noteholders may be entitled to receive interest on 
any unpaid amounts which were postponed and are payable on the Extended Maturity Date. The 
relevant Issue Terms will specify whether or not Postponement Interest is payable. 
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Notes is different from taking equity risk by 
investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For example: 
(a) 
credit derivatives reference debt obligations of the Reference Entity, and a Reference Entity 
must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations before paying 
dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Notes consist of bonds and other 
debt; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary shares in the 
insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) a higher rate of 
recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
because the Notes reference these debt obligations, the market value of the Notes is related 
to (although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Notes.

--- Page 260 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
260 
 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or 
from, at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion for determining the amount payable on redemption or partial redemption 
of a Credit Linked Note following the occurrence of a Credit Event will be: 
(a) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN, First Default Linear Basket CLN or a First-to-
Default Basket CLN and redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 
100 per cent.;  
(b) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN and redemption is not 
as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Weighting of the Affected Reference 
Entity; or  
(c) 
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event:  
(i) 
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the Affected 
Reference Entity divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the sum of (A) the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount and (B) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of each outstanding Non-Affected Reference Entity (if 
any); 
(iii) 
in the case of a First Default Linear Basket CLN, 100 per cent.; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Linear Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN, an amount (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
Where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” has 
been specified as applicable, if a Credit Event would only affect the subordinated obligations of the 
relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such senior obligation. 
What is Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs with respect to such senior obligation, or (b) a 
Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an 
“Asset Package Credit Event”. In those circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference 
Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been specified not to apply in the relevant Issue Terms), the 
obligations or assets used to determine the Auction Final Price or Value of the Valuation Obligations, 
as the case may be, (i.e. the “Asset Package”) will be those assets received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder after the relevant Credit Event by reference to:

--- Page 261 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
261 
 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above, either an obligation of the Reference Entity which existed immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, 
or the Reference Obligation (i.e. a “Prior Deliverable Obligation”); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by 
ISDA and published on its website which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event 
would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a “Package Observable Bond”). 
Is the Auction Final Price subject to change? 
Yes. The Calculation Agent has the discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package 
if it determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package and 
in doing so the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any 
corresponding adjustment to the price must comply with provisions of Additional CLN Condition 6(d) 
(Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) which includes (i) the Calculation Agent preserving the 
economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) the Calculation Agent not taking into 
account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset Package that has been taken into 
account in determining the Auction Final Price published by the DC Secretary. 
The Calculation Agent is also under a duty to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner when making such determination pursuant to Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and 
actions). 
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the 
Notes?  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the 
power to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the 
purposes of the Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and Event Determination Date;  
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred and the price determined in such Auction; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity will 
be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of a “Succession Event” and the identity of any “Successors”. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable 
to the Notes and the payments on the Notes and the timing of any such payments may be affected 
by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and the results of binding votes will be published on http://www2.isda.org/.

--- Page 262 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
262 
 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding 
Japan), Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa and Japan. The Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees which are relevant for the Notes will be the one constituted 
for Europe. 
The proceedings of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules 
published from time to time by ISDA. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus free of charge at http://www2.isda.org/.  
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three 
non-voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving 
across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer 
institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one 
dealer institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution 
that could potentially vary by region.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates are 
members of one or more Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. In reaching decisions, neither 
Credit Suisse International nor any other member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will take account of the interests of the Noteholders. 
Whilst Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates acting in their respective capacities as 
members of any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may make determinations in 
respect of Reference Entities and/or obligations of such Reference Entities which could have an 
adverse impact on the Notes held by investors, such determinations will not be made by Credit Suisse 
International or any applicable affiliate unilaterally. 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?  
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a “Successor” determination has been made with 
respect to the Reference Entity on or after the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a 
“Universal Successor”, on or after 1 January 2014).  
A “Universal Successor” means, with respect to any Reference Entity, the single entity which assumes 
all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity and at the 
time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference 
Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not 
issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption. 
What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Notes?  
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
resolved that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference 
Entity to which the Notes are linked, then such entity may be identified as a “Successor” to the original 
Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement (being Credit Suisse 
International) may also, following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) 
to the original Reference Entity.  
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for 
the purposes of the Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a “Successor”, the 
Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk associated with a Successor or

--- Page 263 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
263 
 
Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the original 
Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any 
time from and including the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, 
on or after 1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(a) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request (regardless of whether the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves 
to determine such matter or not); or  
(b) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which notice of the occurrence of a succession 
is delivered by the Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.  
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may 
fall prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to 
convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether 
a succession has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found 
on the ISDA website http://dc.isda.org/. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Additional CLN Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information and (iii) is required to act in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
What rights and options does the Swap Counterparty have in respect of Credit Linked 
Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Swap Counterparty will be entitled to exercise certain rights and 
options that would be exercisable by the protection buyer under a credit default swap which may 
affect the returns on the Notes including: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event; 
(b) 
in certain circumstances where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has determined 
that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred, determining whether an Event Determination 
Date has occurred for the purposes of the Notes; and

--- Page 264 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
264 
 
(c) 
in certain circumstances following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, (i) to elect under 
the credit default swap the nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event applies and (ii) provided that the Swap Counterparty has notified 
the Issuer within three Reference Business Days of the initial relevant Event Determination 
Date of a nominal amount which is less than the Reference Entity Outstanding Amount then 
the Swap Counterparty may subsequently specify one or more Exercise Amounts in respect of 
such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event by giving notice to the Issuer at any time prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for 
making in relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations 
with respect to the Notes.  
The Calculation Agent is responsible for: 
(a) 
determining whether an Auction would apply for the purposes of the Notes; 
(b) 
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently, determining the Auction which will apply 
to the Notes; 
(c) 
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the Credit 
Event Loss Amount on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(d) 
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, (i) determining a date 
for the valuation of certain eligible obligations and (ii) selecting third party dealers from which 
to obtain bid quotations for the purposes of such valuation; 
(e) 
absent publication of Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining 
successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Notes; 
(f) 
absent publication of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining 
substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Notes; 
(g) 
determining whether, under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, the obligations of the parties 
would be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee; 
(h) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee resolves that an Event Determination Date occurred on a date that 
is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination Date occurred, 
determining, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, any additional amount payable to 
the Noteholder(s) or any reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise 
subsequently be payable to the Noteholders; and 
(i) 
where the redemption of the Notes is extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
determining the Extended Maturity Date, which, provided that an Event Determination Date 
does not occur, will be a date falling no later than five Reference Business Days following the 
Notes Extension Date. 
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders.

--- Page 265 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
265 
 
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
1 
Incorporation and Interpretation 
(a) 
Applicable Product Supplement 
This Product Supplement is the “Collateral Basket Product Supplement”. If the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that this Collateral Basket Product Supplement is an Applicable Product 
Supplement: 
 
the Notes shall be “Collateral Basket Notes”; 
 
the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as amended and 
supplemented by the additional conditions comprising this Collateral Basket Product 
Supplement (the “Additional Collateral Basket Conditions”), as further amended and 
supplemented by the relevant Issue Terms. 
This Collateral Basket Product Supplement shall not apply to Notes issued by way of Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Type of Collateral Basket Note 
The relevant Issue Terms shall specify one of “Full Unwind”, “Partial Unwind” or “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall”. 
(c) 
Defined Terms 
Certain terms are defined in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 5 (Definitions). Capitalised 
terms used but not defined in this Collateral Basket Product Supplement shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Master Conditions or the relevant Issue Terms.  
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional Collateral Basket 
Conditions, the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions 
and the relevant Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail; and (iii) the Additional Collateral 
Basket Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail. 
2 
Amendment to Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable) 
Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable) shall be amended such that the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
product of (i) the Rate of Interest, (ii) the Calculation Amount, (iii) the Outstanding Principal 
Percentage as at the last day of such Interest Accrual Period and (iv) the Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Accrual Period unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula).

--- Page 266 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
266 
 
3 
Amendments to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
(a) 
Disapplication of Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) 
Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) shall not apply to the Notes 
and references to such Master Condition throughout shall be ignored.  
(b) 
Early redemption following a Collateral Event 
The following Additional Redemption Event shall apply to the Notes for the purposes of Master 
Condition 8(l) (Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event): 
“Early redemption following a Collateral Event 
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note (disregarding, where the 
Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind” or “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Early Redemption Commencement Date that has 
occurred as a result of a different Collateral Component becoming an Affected Collateral 
Component), if the Calculation Agent determines that a Collateral Event has occurred with 
respect to any Collateral Component and gives notice of such determination (including a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) pursuant 
to the Swap Agreement (the date of such determination being the “Collateral Event 
Determination Date”), then as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the 
Early Redemption Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been 
supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) 
will give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the 
Collateral Event (the date of such notice to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”), including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant 
to such determination (which (notwithstanding that if “Full Unwind” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Notes will be due and payable in whole) shall include details of 
the Collateral Component in respect of which the Collateral Event has occurred), by 
forwarding with such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Collateral Event Determination Date or the information 
provided therein: 
(i) Where “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Note shall become 
due and payable in whole on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the 
relevant Collateral Event is continuing. The payment of such amount shall satisfy all 
the Issuer’s obligations under and in relation to such Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Collateral Event in respect of any 
Collateral Component shall result in each Note becoming due and payable in whole at 
its Early Cash Redemption Amount notwithstanding that a Collateral Event may not 
have occurred in respect of the other Collateral Component(s). 
(ii) Where “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 267 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
267 
 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Partial Swap Value in respect of the 
Affected Collateral Component on a date falling as soon as reasonably 
practicable within five Business Days of the Early Redemption Commencement 
Date (such date of determination, the “Collateral Valuation Date”). 
(B) 
The Affected Collateral Component shall be Liquidated by the Disposal Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4 
(Liquidation process).  
(C) 
Each Note shall become due and payable in part (or, where the Collateral Event 
occurs in respect of the sole outstanding Collateral Component, in whole) on the 
Early Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any), irrespective of whether the relevant Collateral 
Event is continuing and the payment of such amount shall satisfy the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of such pro rata proportion of each Note or the whole of 
such Note, as applicable. 
(D) 
The outstanding nominal amount of each Note shall be reduced by an amount 
equal to the product of (X) the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component 
and (Y) the Specified Denomination of such Note, for all purposes with effect 
from the relevant Early Redemption Date, unless payment of the relevant Early 
Cash Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Early 
Cash Redemption Amount. 
(E) 
The Outstanding Principal Percentage shall (without double counting)) decrease 
to reflect the deduction of the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component so 
that Interest Amounts payable on any subsequent Interest Payment Date (if any) 
shall be determined on the basis of a reduced nominal amount. 
(iii) Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Partial Swap Value in respect of the 
Affected Collateral Component on a date falling as soon as reasonably 
practicable within five Business Days of the Early Redemption Commencement 
Date (such date of determination, the “Collateral Valuation Date”). 
(B) 
The Affected Collateral Component shall be Liquidated by the Disposal Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Master Condition 13 (Liquidation). 
(C) 
If there is a Partial Swap Loss payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the liquidation proceeds of the 
Affected Collateral Component are sufficient to pay such Partial Swap Loss. If 
(x) the liquidation proceeds of the Affected Collateral Component minus (y) the 
Partial Swap Loss results in a negative number (the absolute value of such 
negative number being the “Shortfall Amount”), the Disposal Agent shall further 
Liquidate an amount of Additional Collateral (as determined in its sole discretion) 
in accordance with the provisions of Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4 
(Liquidation process) such that the Additional Collateral Unwind Value is at least 
equal to the Shortfall Amount, save that if the Additional Collateral required to be 
Liquidated is equal to or greater than the sum of the remaining Original Collateral 
standing to the credit of the Custody Account plus any Original Collateral then

--- Page 268 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
268 
 
forming part of the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (a “Collateral Exhaustion 
Event”), then the Disposal Agent will not effect a Liquidation and the provisions 
of Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(c) (Redemption following a Collateral 
Exhaustion Event) shall apply instead. 
(D) 
Each Note shall become due and payable in part (or, where the Collateral Event 
occurs in respect of the sole outstanding Collateral Component, in whole) on the 
Early Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any), irrespective of whether the relevant Collateral 
Event is continuing and the payment of such amount shall satisfy the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of such pro rata proportion of each Note or the whole of 
such Note, as applicable. 
(E) 
The outstanding nominal amount of each Note shall be reduced by an amount 
equal to the product of (X) the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component 
plus, if a Shortfall Amount was determined, the Additional Collateral Weighting(s) 
in respect of the Additional Collateral liquidated in accordance with paragraph 
(C) above (if any) and (Y) the Specified Denomination of such Note, for all 
purposes with effect from the relevant Early Redemption Date, unless payment 
of the relevant Early Cash Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
(F) 
The Weighting of any Collateral Component from which Additional Collateral has 
been Liquidated shall be reduced by the corresponding Additional Collateral 
Weighting. 
(G) 
The Outstanding Principal Percentage shall (without double counting) decrease 
to reflect the deduction of the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component 
along with, if a Shortfall Amount was determined, the Additional Collateral 
Weighting(s) in respect of the Additional Collateral liquidated in accordance with 
paragraph (E) above (if any) so that Interest Amounts payable on any 
subsequent Interest Payment Date (if any) shall be determined on the basis of a 
reduced nominal amount.”. 
For such purposes: 
 
this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) shall be deemed to constitute part of 
Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) for the purposes of the definition of 
Early Redemption Notice and such definition shall be construed so as to also refer to 
this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) immediately after the reference to Master 
Condition 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of 
certain Class(es) of Notes only) therein; and  
 
Master Condition 8(v) (Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation) shall be 
construed so as to also refer to this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) 
immediately after the reference to Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption of all Classes 
following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only) in both 
the first and second sentence thereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Collateral Event has occurred.

--- Page 269 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
269 
 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Collateral 
Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(c) 
Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event 
The following Additional Redemption Event shall apply to the Notes for the purposes of Master 
Condition 8(l) (Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event): 
“Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event 
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note (disregarding any Early Redemption 
Commencement Date that has occurred as a result of a Collateral Event), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Collateral Exhaustion Event has occurred with respect to the 
Original Collateral and gives notice of such determination (including a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the date of such 
determination being the “Collateral Exhaustion Event Determination Date”), then: 
 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption 
Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Exhaustion Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having 
been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early 
Redemption Notice) will give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the 
determination of the Collateral Event (the date of such notice to the Noteholders 
being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”), including a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination, by forwarding with such 
Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Collateral Exhaustion Event Determination Date or the information 
provided therein; and 
 
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at 
its Early Cash Redemption Amount (which may not be less than zero and shall be 
the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The payment of such amount shall satisfy all the Issuer’s 
obligations under and in relation to such Note.”. 
(d) 
Amendment of Master Condition 8(q) (Suspension of payments) 
Master Condition 8(q) (Suspension of payments) shall be amended such that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of any applicable grace 
period) amount to a Collateral Event in respect of a Collateral Component, the suspension of 
payments of any principal or interest during the Suspension Period shall only apply to the 
proportion of the Notes relating to such Collateral Component.

--- Page 270 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
270 
 
4 
Amendments to Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process) 
Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process) shall not apply to the Notes and for the purpose of these 
Additional Collateral Basket Conditions shall be replaced with the following: 
“(b) Liquidation process 
 
Following a Collateral Exhaustion Event pursuant to these Additional Collateral 
Basket Conditions 
Following receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent 
shall on behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the 
extent that the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below) effect 
a Liquidation of the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date with 
a view to Liquidating all the Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third 
Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, provided 
that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the Liquidation of all 
Collateral has not been effected by such date. If the Collateral has not been Liquidated 
in full by such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a 
Liquidation of the Collateral until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the 
contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee.  
 
Following a Collateral Event pursuant to these Additional Collateral Basket 
Conditions 
(I) 
Where “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following receipt by 
it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on behalf 
of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that 
the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below) effect a 
Liquidation of each Collateral Component commencing on the Liquidation 
Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all of the Collateral Components 
on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third Reference Business Day prior 
to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, provided that the Disposal Agent 
and the Issuer shall have no liability if the Liquidation of all Collateral Components 
has not been effected by such date. If the Collateral Components have not been 
Liquidated in full by such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts 
to effect a Liquidation of the Collateral Components until such time (if any) as it is 
instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement 
Notice from the Trustee. 
(II) 
Where “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following receipt 
by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on 
behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent 
that the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below), effect 
a Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component commencing on the 
Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all of the Affected 
Collateral Component on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third 
Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, 
provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component has not been effected by such 
date. If the Affected Collateral Component has not been Liquidated in full by such

--- Page 271 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
271 
 
date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a Liquidation of 
the Affected Collateral Component until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the 
Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from the 
Trustee. 
(III) 
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
following receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal 
Agent shall on behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances 
and to the extent that the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph 
(iii) below) and provided that a Collateral Exhaustion Event would not occur (in 
which case the provisions set out in paragraph (i) above shall apply): 
(A) 
effect a Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component commencing on 
the Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all of the 
Affected Collateral Component on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or 
the third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as 
applicable, and provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have 
no liability if the Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component has not 
been effected by such date. If the Affected Collateral Component has not 
been Liquidated in full by such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in 
its attempts to effect a Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component 
until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until 
it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee; and 
(B) 
if, following Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component (in 
accordance with paragraph (A) above), the Calculation Agent determines 
that there is a Shortfall Amount, the Disposal Agent will Liquidate an 
amount of Additional Collateral (as determined in its sole discretion) from 
one or more Collateral Components other than the Affected Collateral 
Component such that the Additional Collateral Unwind Value is at least 
equal to the Shortfall Amount. 
 
Liquidation Parameters 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Liquidation Parameters are applicable, for 
the purpose of paragraphs (i) or (ii) above: 
(A) 
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate all of the Collateral (which, for these 
purposes, shall include any Affected Collateral Component or Additional 
Collateral) as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five 
Business Days, following the relevant Early Redemption Commencement Date 
(the “Target Liquidation Period”); and 
(B) 
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-in, 
firm executable bid price (a “Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase the 
Collateral on a day within the Target Liquidation Period, and it shall sell the 
Collateral on such a date to the Quotation Dealer who provides the highest 
Quotation, save that where no Quotations are obtained, the Disposal Agent shall 
determine the value of the Collateral,

--- Page 272 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
272 
 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, where the Target Liquidation Period and/or the number 
of Quotations to be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant Liquidation 
Parameters shall be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect 
any such Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating 
any Collateral. The Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as reasonably 
practicable within the available timeframe, even where a larger amount could possibly 
be received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. 
Subject to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to effect any 
Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s).  
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Master Condition 5(d) (Disposal 
Agent’s right following Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
and effective delivery of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Security shall 
be released without further action on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for 
the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of the Collateral. Nothing in this Additional 
Collateral Basket Condition 4 or Master Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following 
Liquidation Event) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over 
the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be liable 
to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, 
holders of Receipts or any other person merely because a larger amount could have 
been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent 
selected a different method of Liquidating any such Collateral, provided that the Disposal 
Agent has complied with its duty to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of a determination that a 
Liquidation Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent (i) shall have complete discretion, 
(ii) shall have no duty or obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or 
any other person to take any such action or make any such determination and (iii) shall 
not be liable for any such determination or decision or the timing thereof, provided that 
it has acted in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.”. 
5 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to Collateral Basket Notes should be read in conjunction with 
the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions: 
“Additional Collateral” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount of Original Collateral comprised in one 
or more Collateral Components that are not the Affected Collateral Component. 
“Additional Collateral Unwind Value” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
the liquidation proceeds of the Additional Collateral being Liquidated pursuant to Additional 
Collateral Basket Condition 3(b)(iii)(C) (Early redemption following a Collateral Event); plus 
 
the Shortfall Partial Swap Gain (if any); minus

--- Page 273 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
273 
 
 
the Shortfall Partial Swap Loss (if any). 
“Additional Collateral Weighting” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and Additional Collateral, the part of 
the Weighting of the Collateral Component from which the Additional Collateral has been Liquidated 
that corresponds to the portion of such Additional Collateral being liquidated.  
“Affected Collateral Component” means any Collateral Component in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Collateral Event has occurred. 
“Collateral Component” means each asset comprising the Original Collateral, as set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Collateral Exhaustion Event” has the meaning given to it in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 
3(b)(iii)(C) (Early redemption following a Collateral Event). 
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Collateral Basket Note outstanding 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or 
the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount 
specified therein) or, if no such amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
 
if the Notes are redeeming early as a result of an early redemption event set out in Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) other than pursuant to the Additional Redemption 
Event set out in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) (Early redemption following a 
Collateral Event), an amount per Note equal to that Note’s pro rata share of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(i) of that definition contained in Master Condition 1(a) (Definitions) (where the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify that Classes apply) or sub-paragraph (iii) (where the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that Classes apply); or  
 
if the Notes are redeeming early as a result of an early redemption event pursuant to the 
Additional Redemption Event set out in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) (Early 
redemption following a Collateral Event): 
(I) 
if (x) “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms or (y) “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a Collateral Exhaustion Event has 
occurred, an amount per Note determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that 
Note’s pro rata share of (a) the Specified Currency Proceeds (of all outstanding 
Collateral Components) plus (b) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap 
Agreement that is payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon) minus (c) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon); or 
(II) 
if “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount per Note 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (a) the 
liquidation proceeds of the Affected Collateral Component plus (b) the Partial Swap Gain 
(if any) minus (c) the Partial Swap Loss (if any); or 
(III) 
if “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a Collateral 
Exhaustion Event would not occur, an amount per Note determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (a) the liquidation proceeds of the 
Affected Collateral Component plus (b) the Partial Swap Gain (if any) minus (c) the

--- Page 274 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
274 
 
Partial Swap Loss (if any) plus (d) the liquidation proceeds of any Additional Collateral 
(if any) plus (e) the Shortfall Partial Swap Gain (if any) minus (f) the Shortfall Partial 
Swap Loss (if any). 
“Outstanding Principal Percentage” means, in respect of any day, the sum of the Weightings of 
each Collateral Component, subject to adjustment in accordance with Additional Collateral Basket 
Condition 3(b)(ii) (Early redemption following a Collateral Event). 
“Partial Swap Gain” means (i) where the Partial Swap Value would be negative (and therefore 
payable to the Issuer), the absolute value of the Partial Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Partial Swap Loss” means (i) where the Partial Swap Value would be positive (and therefore 
payable to the Swap Counterparty), the value of the Partial Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Partial Swap Value” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the relevant 
Swap Agreement that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement upon a termination of the Swap 
Agreement on the Collateral Valuation Date. Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on 
the basis that: 
 
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party; 
 the Base Currency is the Specified Currency of the Notes; 
 the Swap Transaction is deemed to relate to (a) a nominal amount of Notes equal to the product 
of the original principal amount of the Notes and the Weighting of the Affected Collateral 
Component (adjusted to reflect any prior redemptions, purchases and/or cancellations of the 
Notes) and (b) the nominal amount of the Affected Collateral Component only; 
 other than where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (in which 
case the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any termination amount shall be limited to the prevailing 
market value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the Additional Collateral 
being Liquidated), the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any termination amount shall be limited to 
the prevailing market value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the sum 
of (a) the Affected Collateral Component and (b) the Additional Collateral being Liquidated; and 
 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof. 
“Shortfall Amount” has the meaning given to it in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b)(iii)(C) 
(Early redemption following a Collateral Event). 
“Shortfall Partial Swap Gain” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) where the Shortfall Partial Swap Value 
would be negative (and therefore payable to the Issuer), the absolute value of the Shortfall Partial 
Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Shortfall Partial Swap Loss” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) where the Shortfall Partial Swap Value 
would be positive (and therefore payable to the Swap Counterparty), the value of the Shortfall Partial 
Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.

--- Page 275 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT 
275 
 
“Shortfall Partial Swap Value” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) of the relevant Swap Agreement that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty or by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement upon a 
termination of the Swap Agreement on the Collateral Valuation Date. Such Early Termination Amount 
shall be determined on the basis that: 
(i) the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party; 
(ii) the Base Currency is the Specified Currency of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Swap Transaction is deemed to relate to (a) a nominal amount of Notes equal to the product 
of the Original Principal Amount of the Notes and the Additional Collateral Weighting(s) of the 
relevant Additional Collateral being Liquidated pursuant to Additional Collateral Basket 
Condition 4(ii)(III) (Liquidation process) (adjusted to reflect any prior redemptions, purchases 
and/or cancellations of the Notes) and (b) the nominal amount of the Additional Collateral;  
(iv) 
the Swap Counterparty's claim to any termination amount shall be limited to the prevailing 
market value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the Additional 
Collateral being Liquidated pursuant to Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4(b)(ii)(III); and 
(v) 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof. 
“Weighting” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes, the percentage weighting in respect of a 
Collateral Component as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Weighting is so specified, means, 
in respect of a Collateral Component, the weighting (expressed as a percentage) in respect of that 
Collateral Component obtained by dividing the nominal amount of such Collateral Component by the sum 
of the aggregate nominal amount of all Collateral Components; and “Weightings” shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 276 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
276 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Issue Terms to be issued in 
NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relevant Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) other clearing systems through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing 
systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global 
Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may 
be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to 
and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented 
by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 277 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
277 
 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the applicable Issue Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global Note is held on 
behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact 
does so. 
In the event that a Permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes 
shall be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
Global Certificates 
If the Issue Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Master Condition 
3(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does 
so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its Specified Office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Where the holding of Notes represented by a 
Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon

--- Page 278 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
278 
 
transfer of such holding shall be a Global Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, 
Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global Certificates unless the transferee so requests 
and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear and/or an Alternative Clearing System. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any 
Global Note, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, 
in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global 
Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of 
such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive 
Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them 
all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been 
paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if 
the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the first day following the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 
days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Master Conditions 
as completed by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or completed, amended, 
supplemented and/or varied by the applicable Alternative Drawdown Document. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the 
Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note,

--- Page 279 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
279 
 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the 
Notes. Master Condition 8(d) (Redemption for taxation reasons) and Master Condition 11(a) 
(Appointment of Agents) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the 
Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments 
of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the words “in the relevant place of presentation,” shall not apply in the definition of “business 
day” in Master Condition 10(g) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or 
to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note will become void 
unless they are presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in the Conditions). 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such 
Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the 
holder of a Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit 
of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such 
Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of 
the relevant Global Note. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased 
together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) 
thereon. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and 
upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 280 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
280 
 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard 
to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to such Global Note 
or Registered Notes and may consider such interests, and treat such accountholders, as if such 
accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Amendments 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, for the purpose of determining whether a written resolution has been 
validly passed the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given by 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate or, 
where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on consent from or 
instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such 
beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that 
in each case, the Issuer and the Trustee have obtained commercially reasonable evidence to 
ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding 
does not alter following the giving of such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such 
amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. As used in this 
paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an 
accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in 
the Notes. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Creation Online system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to 
any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic. 
Noteholder Settlement Option 
Where “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the person appearing as the accountholder for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
Alternative Clearing System shall, on behalf and in accordance with the directions of each person for 
whom such accountholder holds Notes and by giving the appropriate notice(s) through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant Alternative Clearing System, elect on behalf of each such 
person which proportion of Notes attributable to such person shall receive an Early Cash Redemption 
Amount and which shall receive a Physical Redemption Amount; provided that (i) only one such 
election can be made per Note, (ii) the aggregate holding of Notes of each person for whom an 
accountholder holds Notes shall be treated as separate from any other person’s holding of Notes and 
(iii) any rounding required in determining the Early Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption 
Amount as contemplated by the Conditions shall be determined based on each person’s proportion 
of Notes in respect of which it has elected to receive an Early Cash Redemption Amount or Physical

--- Page 281 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
281 
 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, and not on an individual Note basis or aggregated across 
persons. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note, except that if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to 
holders of the Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange.

--- Page 282 ---
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS 
282 
 
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS 
The Notes will be cleared through the clearing system(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system. The International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and any Common Code and/or other applicable clearing 
system identification numbers will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Settlement and CREST 
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in the Notes (such Notes 
being “Underlying Notes”) through the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding 
of uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any successor thereto in 
accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) (“CREST”) by 
holding dematerialised depository interests (“CREST Depository Interests” or “CDIs”). 
CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, settled and transferred 
through CREST. CDIs are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the 
“CREST Depository”) pursuant to a global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (in the form contained in 
Chapter 3 of the CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual)) (as 
subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). CDIs are issued by 
the CREST Depository and held through CREST in dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance 
with the CREST Deed Poll. CDIs in respect of Underlying Notes will be constituted, issued to investors 
and transferred pursuant to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll. 
CDIs represent indirect interests in the Underlying Notes to which they relate and holders of CDIs will 
not be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes. Application may be made for such Underlying Notes 
to be “listed on a recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax 
Act 2007 with the aim of ensuring that those Underlying Notes are of the same class in the Issuer as 
securities which are so listed for the purposes of Paragraphs 2(d)(i) and (3) of the Stamp Duty 
Reserve Tax (UK Depositary Interests in Foreign Securities) Regulations 1999 (SI 1999/2383) and 
hence that the CDIs are exempt from United Kingdom Stamp Duty Reserve Tax so long as such 
Underlying Notes are not registered in a register located, kept or maintained in the United Kingdom 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and certain other conditions are met. 
The Issuer will issue Underlying Notes with the intention that indirect interests in such Underlying 
Notes be held through CDIs. In order to enable the settlement of indirect interest in the relevant 
Underlying Notes within CREST, investors will need to hold such indirect interests via CDIs. The CDIs 
will not be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
Following the delivery of the Underlying Notes into a relevant clearing system permitted in the CREST 
Manual, indirect interests in Underlying Notes may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means 
of the creation of dematerialised CDIs representing indirect interests in the relevant Underlying Notes. 
For Underlying Notes which are cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, interests 
in the Underlying Notes will be credited to the Euroclear account of CREST International Nominee 
Limited (the “CREST Nominee” and the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for 
CREST Depositary Limited (the “CREST Depository”) which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST 
participants. The CDIs will therefore consist of indirect rights of a CDI holder in, or relating to, the 
Underlying Notes which are held (through the CREST Nominee) on trust for the benefit of the CDI 
holder by the CREST Depository and will constitute a record acknowledging that the CREST Nominee 
holds the Underlying Notes as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository. The CDIs will be issued

--- Page 283 ---
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS 
283 
 
once the relevant Underlying Notes are credited to the CREST Nominee’s account. It is intended that 
CDIs will be issued to the relevant CREST participants on or around the Issue Date of the relevant 
Underlying Notes. However, CDIs may be created at any time following the credit of relevant 
Underlying Notes to the CREST Nominee’s account with Euroclear. 
Each CDI will be treated as one Underlying Note, for the purposes of determining all rights and 
obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to holders 
of CDIs any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying Notes on trust for 
such CDI holder. Therefore, the holders of CDIs are entitled to the proceeds from the Underlying 
Notes. If a matter arises that requires a vote of Noteholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements to 
permit the holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the 
CREST Nominee in respect of the Underlying Notes. However, there is no guarantee that it will be 
possible to put such voting arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by the CREST Nominee to a participant of the relevant 
clearing system will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such 
Underlying Notes underlying the CDIs to the account of the relevant participant with the relevant 
clearing system. It is expected that the CDIs will have the same securities identification number as 
the ISIN of the Underlying Notes and will not require a separate listing on a recognised stock 
exchange. 
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and the 
relevant clearing system, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These 
rights may be different from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
The attention of investors in CDIs is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual 
and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited at 33 
Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +442078490000 or from the Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited website at www.euroclear.com.

--- Page 284 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
284 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of an issue of a Series of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to purchase the 
Collateral applicable to such Series and/or enter into the Transaction Documents and/or to fund any 
initial payment obligations under any related Swap Agreement and/or in meeting certain expenses 
and fees payable in connection with the operations of the Issuer and the issue of any Notes.

--- Page 285 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
285 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
General 
The Irish Issuer was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 6 November 2013, with 
registration number 535011 under the Companies Acts 1963-2012 with the name Custom Markets 
Securities 2 plc. The Irish Issuer changed its name to Argentum Securities Ireland plc on 25 October 
2019. 
The registered office of the Irish Issuer is at Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. The telephone number of the Irish Issuer is + 353 1 963 1030. The authorised share capital 
of the Irish Issuer is EUR 100,000,000 divided into 100,000,000 Ordinary Shares of EUR 1 each 
(“Shares”). The Irish Issuer has issued 38,100 Shares all of which are fully paid. The issued Shares 
are held directly or indirectly by Registered Shareholder Services No.2 Company Limited by 
Guarantee (formerly Medb Charitable Trust Limited), Registered Shareholder Services No.3 
Company Limited by Guarantee (formerly Badb Charitable Trust Limited) and Registered Shareholder 
Services No.1 Company Limited by Guarantee (formerly Eurydice Charitable Trust Limited), (each a 
“Share Trustee”, and together, the “Share Trustees”), under the terms of a declaration of trust (each 
a “Declaration of Trust” and together the “Declarations of Trust”) dated 12 November 2013. Under 
the terms of the Declarations of Trust, each Share Trustee has, inter alia, undertaken not to exercise 
its voting rights to wind up the Irish Issuer unless and until it has received written confirmation from 
the Directors of the Irish Issuer that the Irish Issuer does not intend to carry on further business. No 
other measures are in place to ensure that the control by the Share Trustees over the Irish Issuer is 
not abused. Each Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than any 
fees for acting as Share Trustee) from the holding of the Shares. Each Share Trustee will apply any 
income derived from the Irish Issuer solely for charitable purposes. 
The Irish Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle. The principal activities of the Irish 
Issuer are the issuance of financial instruments, the acquisition of financial assets and the entering 
into of other legally binding arrangements. 
Directors and Company Secretary  
The Directors of the Irish Issuer are as follows: 
Carmel Naughton  
Bronagh Hardiman 
The business address of Carmel Naughton is Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 
2, Ireland and the business address of Bronagh Hardiman is Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
The Company Secretary is Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited.  
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited is the administrator of the Irish Issuer. Its duties 
include the provision of certain administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of 
the administrator may be terminated forthwith if the administrator commits any material breach of the 
corporate service agreement between the Irish Issuer and the administrator, is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due or becomes subject to insolvency or other related proceedings. The administrator 
may retire upon 90 days’ written notice subject to the appointment of an alternative administrator on 
similar terms to the existing administrator. The business address of the administrator is Block A, 
George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.

--- Page 286 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
286 
 
Carmel Naughton and Bronagh Hardiman are employees of the Corporate Services Provider. 
Financial Statements  
The auditors of the Irish Issuer are Deloitte & Touche of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2. The auditors are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Ireland (ICAI) and are qualified to practise as auditors in Ireland. 
In relation to the latest financial statements, please see the link to the 31 December 2019 financial 
statements: https://argentumsecuritiesireland.ie/docs/financial-
statements/argentum_securities_ireland_fs_31_12_19_final-signed-incl_-audit_p37725.pdf  
Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Irish Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain other 
obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives 
and other contracts. The Irish Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, as long as any Note 
is outstanding, without the consent of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, and except as provided 
for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, to engage in any business other 
than the issuance or entry into of instruments to or with investors, the entry into of related agreements 
and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental 
thereto or necessary in connection therewith, provided that any instruments issued to or entered into 
with investors are secured on, or otherwise limited in recourse to, specified assets of the Irish Issuer 
other than the Irish Issuer’s share capital, any fees paid to the Irish Issuer (for its own account) in 
connection with any such instruments and any assets securing, or to which recourse is otherwise 
limited in respect of, any series of other instruments (other than Equivalent Obligations) and contain 
provisions that limit the recourse of any holder of any such instruments to assets other than the Irish 
Issuer's share capital, any fees paid to the Irish Issuer in connection with any such instruments and 
assets to which any series of other instruments (other than Equivalent Obligations) have recourse. In 
addition, the Irish Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will not, without 
the consent of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries 
or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge 
with any other person, convey or transfer its assets substantially as an entity to any person (other 
than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares.

--- Page 287 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DUTCH ISSUER 
287 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DUTCH ISSUER 
General 
Platinum Securities Netherlands B.V. (the “Dutch Issuer”) was incorporated on 14 August 2020 in 
the Netherlands under Dutch law and registered on 17 August 2020 with the trade register of the 
Dutch Chamber of Commerce under registration number 80060277. The Dutch Issuer has been 
incorporated for an indefinite period. The Dutch Issuer has been established as a special purpose 
vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed bonds and other debt instruments or entering into 
loan agreements, financial derivatives or other agreements. Any such debt instruments shall (i) be 
secured on assets of the Dutch Issuer other than the Dutch Issuer’s share capital and those assets 
securing any other obligations of the Dutch Issuer and (ii) issued or entered into on a limited recourse 
basis.  
The Dutch Issuer has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The registered office of the 
Dutch Issuer is at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands (tel. number +31 
205214777). The Dutch Issuer’s issued and outstanding capital consists of 1 ordinary share with a 
nominal value of EUR 1.00. The issued share is fully-paid and is owned by Stichting Platinum 
Securities Netherlands. Stichting Platinum Securities Netherlands is a foundation incorporated under 
the laws of the Netherlands on 14 August 2020 (the “Foundation”) and with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The objects of the Foundation are, inter alia, to acquire and to hold 
shares in the share capital of, and to manage and control, the Dutch Issuer. The sole Director of the 
Foundation is Intertrust Management B.V.  
The principal objects of the Dutch Issuer are set out in Article 3 of its Articles of Association and 
permit, among other things, the issuance of Notes and generally enabling it to carry out the business 
of the Dutch Issuer as describe in this Base Prospectus. 
Business 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Dutch Issuer shall not, without the consent of the 
Trustee or the Swap Counterparty, engage in any business (other than issuing or entering into 
Obligations and related agreements as provided for in Master Condition 6 (Restrictions) or, inter alia, 
declare any dividends or make any distribution to its shareholders, have any subsidiaries or 
employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with 
any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety to any 
person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions and the Principal Trust Deed) or issue any 
shares (other than such shares as were in issue on the date of this Base Prospectus). 
There is no limitation on the number of Series of Notes which the Dutch Issuer may have outstanding 
at any time. 
The Dutch Issuer has, and will have, no assets that are not the subject of a security interest in favour 
of one or more parties owed obligations by the Dutch Issuer, whether pursuant to its Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus or any other previous programme of the Dutch Issuer, other than 
sums (if any) from time to time representing the proceeds of its issued and paid-up share capital and 
such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with (a) the issue or entry into of Notes, 
(b) the purchase, sale or entry into of Mortgaged Property, any other assets on which Notes are 
secured and/or any other obligations and/or (c) the Programme or any previous programme of the 
Dutch Issuer. Save for in respect of such fees, any related profits and the proceeds of any deposits 
and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the proceeds of the Dutch 
Issuer’s issued and paid-up share capital, the Dutch Issuer will not accumulate any surpluses.

--- Page 288 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DUTCH ISSUER 
288 
 
The Dutch Issuer’s obligations under Notes issued or entered into by it under the Programme are 
obligations of the Dutch Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in anyway by, the Foundation or the 
Trustee or any other party. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, CS 
or any other Transaction Party. 
The only assets of the Dutch Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of or counterparties 
to Notes will be the assets which comprise the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series of Notes, 
as described in the Conditions. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The sole director and the administrator of the Dutch Issuer is Intertrust Management B.V. (the 
“Administrator”) and its address is the same as the registered office of the Dutch Issuer. Its duties 
include the provision of certain administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of 
the Administrator may be terminated upon 6 months’ (or, in certain circumstances, upon 4 months’) 
notice by or the Administrator. If this occurs, it will be necessary for an alternative administrator to be 
appointed in the place of the Administrator. 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Dutch Issuer begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 December 
of the same year, save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Dutch 
Issuer. The first audited financial statements will be prepared for the financial year that began on 14 
August 2020 and which will end on 31 December 2021. No audited financial statements have been 
produced prior to this period because the Dutch Issuer had not commenced operations.  
The Dutch Issuer is required to and will provide the Trustee with written confirmation, on an annual 
basis, that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be brought to each Trustee’s 
attention has occurred. 
Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Dutch Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain 
other obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related 
derivatives and other contracts. The Dutch Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, as long 
as any Note is outstanding, without the consent of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, and except 
as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, to engage in any 
business other than the issuance or entry into of bonds, notes or other securities or the entry into of 
loans or other agreements for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, the entry into of related 
agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and the performing of acts 
incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such obligations are secured on assets of the Dutch Issuer other than any fees paid to the 
Dutch Issuer (for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other obligations and any 
assets securing any other obligations of the Dutch Issuer; and 
(ii) 
such obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition 
provisions. 
In addition, the Dutch Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will not, without 
the consent of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries 
or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge

--- Page 289 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DUTCH ISSUER 
289 
 
with any other person, convey or transfer its assets substantially as an entity to any person (other 
than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares.

--- Page 290 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
290 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The information set out below has been obtained from Credit Suisse International. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Credit Suisse International, no facts have been omitted that would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unless specified to the contrary in an applicable Alternative Drawdown Document, the Swap 
Counterparty for a Series of Notes will be Credit Suisse International. 
Credit Suisse International (the “Swap Counterparty”) was incorporated in England and Wales under 
the Companies Act 1985, on 9 May 1990, with registered no. 2500199 and was re-registered as an 
unlimited company under the name “Credit Suisse Financial Products” on 6 July 1990, and was 
renamed Credit Suisse First Boston International on 27 March 2000 and Credit Suisse International 
on 16 January 2006. Its registered office and principal place of business is at One Cabot Square, 
London E14 4QJ, telephone number +44 (0)20 7888 8888.  
The Swap Counterparty is a bank domiciled in England established under English law and is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the PRA. 
The Swap Counterparty is an unlimited company and, as such, its shareholders have a joint, several 
and unlimited obligation to meet any insufficiency in the assets of the Swap Counterparty in the event 
of its liquidation. The joint, several and unlimited liability of the shareholders of the Swap Counterparty 
to meet any insufficiency in the assets of the Swap Counterparty will only apply upon liquidation of 
the Swap Counterparty. Therefore, prior to any liquidation of the Swap Counterparty, the creditors 
may only have recourse to the assets of the Swap Counterparty and not to those of its shareholders. 
The Swap Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on regulated markets including the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Swap Counterparty commenced business on 16 July 1990. Its principal business is banking, 
including the trading of derivative products linked to interest rates, foreign exchange, equities, 
commodities and credit. The primary objective of the Swap Counterparty is to provide comprehensive 
treasury and risk management derivative product services. The Swap Counterparty has established 
a significant presence in global derivative markets through offering a full range of derivative products 
and continues to develop new products in response to the needs of its customers and changes in 
underlying markets. This business is managed as a part of the Investment Banking Division of Credit 
Suisse AG. 
The liquidity and capital requirements of the Swap Counterparty are managed as an integral part of 
the wider Credit Suisse group framework. This includes the local regulatory, liquidity and capital 
requirements in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 291 ---
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL 
291 
 
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued 
under this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation where the Original Collateral is collateral having the following characteristics (“CS 
Original Collateral”): 
Issuer of CS Original Collateral: 
 
Credit Suisse International (as described under the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Description of the Swap Counterparty”) 
Status: 
 
Senior, unsecured 
Legal Nature: 
 
Bonds  
Governing law: 
 
English law 
Other: 
 
Admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent market 
 
In all other cases, the Original Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes will be as specified in the 
applicable Alternative Drawdown Document.

--- Page 292 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
292 
 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement in 
respect of which Credit Suisse International is the Swap Counterparty. If in respect of a Series where 
Credit Suisse International is not the Swap Counterparty, the applicable Alternative Drawdown 
Document will specify which Swap Agreement applies. 
General 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into an ISDA 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement together with a Schedule thereto (the “ISDA Master Agreement”) with a counterparty 
(the “Swap Counterparty”) and may also enter into a credit support annex to the Schedule to the 
ISDA Master Agreement in the form of the Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the 
“Credit Support Annex”). The Credit Support Annex (if any) will supplement, form part of, and be 
subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement and will form part of the Schedule thereto (the ISDA Master 
Agreement as supplemented by the Credit Support Annex (if any) the “Master Agreement”). For the 
purposes of the ISDA Master Agreement, the credit support arrangements set out in the Credit 
Support Annex (if any) will constitute a transaction for the purposes of the ISDA Master Agreement 
(for which purposes the Credit Support Annex will constitute the confirmation). In connection with the 
issue of a Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into a transaction under the ISDA Master Agreement 
(the “Swap Transaction”, and the confirmation evidencing such transaction together with the Master 
Agreement, the “Swap Agreement”). Any Swap Agreement will be governed by the laws of England 
and Wales. 
Except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a Swap Agreement may not be amended without 
the consent of the Trustee and, in respect of a material change only, the Noteholders themselves. 
The Trustee can agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its 
opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject 
to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed 
as such) that will be applicable if the Swap Counterparty is Credit Suisse International. 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
and vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse 
obligations and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in 
respect of the Collateral (if any) relating to such Notes. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
are designed to ensure that following the making of such payments the Issuer will have such funds, 
when taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or 
received in respect of the Collateral (if any) relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its 
obligations under such Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, 
without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Collateral (if any) relating to the relevant Series of Notes; 
and/or

--- Page 293 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
293 
 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of the relevant Series. The exact payments will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There 
is no restriction upon the payments that may be agreed. In addition, Collateral may be transferable 
to or from the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. As with respect to payments under the Swap 
Agreement, the provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction 
upon the provisions that may be agreed under the Credit Support Annex. 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination 
of the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity in circumstances where the resultant, surviving or transferee entity fails to 
assume all the obligations of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(iii) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and 
(iv) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or 
transferring all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting 
into or as, another entity in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity 
fails to assume all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may 
deliver a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
the occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under 
the Swap Agreement. These include:

--- Page 294 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
294 
 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events; 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding 
or a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a 
change in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the 
entry into of the relevant Swap Transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding 
or a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is 
itself caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement); 
(v) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so 
pursuant to the Conditions; 
(vi) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction 
or withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 
or 881 of the Code; 
(vii) 
any Transaction Document relating to the relevant Series of Notes is amended or waived 
without the Swap Counterparty’s prior written consent, such that the Swap Counterparty 
would, immediately after such amendment or waiver, be required to pay more or receive less 
under the Swap Agreement on any following payment date than would otherwise have been 
the case immediately prior to such amendment or waiver; and 
(viii) 
the rights of the Swap Counterparty are contractually subordinated to any other Secured 
Creditor, or the Issuer breaches certain covenants set out in the Trust Deed. 
The occurrence of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer or the 
Swap Counterparty, depending on who is the “Affected Party” (as such term is defined in the Swap 
Agreement), to terminate the Swap Agreement and the occurrence of the events described in 
paragraphs (iv) to (vii) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. 
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer 
determines the Early Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap 
Agreement. Where the termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting 
party who makes the determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the 
Swap Agreement will specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in 
certain circumstances, that both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the 
party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the 
Swap Agreement as the “Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 295 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
295 
 
Under the Agency Agreement, where the Issuer is the party required to make the calculation of the 
Close-out Amount, the Calculation Agent has agreed to make the requisite calculation on behalf of 
the Issuer. If a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs in such circumstances, there may be a 
delay in the determination of the Close-out Amount (and, as a result, in the payment of the Early 
Termination Amount) pending appointment of a replacement Calculation Agent as provided in the 
Conditions. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the currency in which the relevant 
Series to which such Swap Agreement relates is denominated. 
Sanctions 
Upon the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, all obligations will be suspended under the Swap 
Agreement until the Sanctions Event End Date.

--- Page 296 ---
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
296 
 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The Security may include a fixed charge over the Collateral which may be held by or through the Custodian 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an alternative clearing system (each, a 
“clearing system”). The charge is intended to create a property interest in the Collateral in favour of the 
Trustee to secure the Issuer’s liabilities. However, where the Collateral is held through a clearing system, 
neither the Issuer nor the Custodian is the legal owner of the physical collateral itself but instead they 
merely have interests in that physical collateral. As between the Issuer and the Custodian, such interests 
arise from the Agency Agreement. In turn, the Custodian will have rights either against an intermediary or 
against the relevant clearing system as an accountholder in that clearing system; the clearing system will 
have rights against the common depositary and the common depositary will have rights against the issuer 
of the Collateral. As a result, where Collateral is held by or through the Custodian through a clearing 
system, the Security will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under 
the Agency Agreement, rather than a charge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 297 ---
TAXATION 
297 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Notes under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or 
domicile. 
Prospective investors should read the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Issuer – FATCA and 
the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments” for a discussion of the potential of withholding 
taxes imposed in connection with FATCA.  
Irish Tax Considerations  
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of 
the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
The summary relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes and may not apply to certain other classes of persons such as dealers in securities. 
The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as 
in effect on the date of this Offering Circular, which are subject to prospective or retroactive change. 
The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the Irish or other tax 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in 
particular, the effect of any state or local tax laws. 
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income 
whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source 
income. All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish taxation on a self-assessment 
basis and there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
A Note issued by the Issuer may be regarded as property situate in Ireland (and hence Irish source 
income) on the grounds that a debt is deemed to be situate where the debtor resides. However, the 
interest earned on such Notes is exempt from income tax if paid to a person who is not a resident of 
Ireland and who for the purposes of Section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) 
(“TCA”) is regarded as being a resident of a relevant territory. A relevant territory for this purpose is a 
Member State of the European Communities (other than Ireland) or not being such a Member State 
a territory with which Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty that has the force of law or, on 
completion of the necessary procedures, will have the force of law and such double tax treaty contains

--- Page 298 ---
TAXATION 
298 
 
an article dealing with interest or income from debt claims. A list of the countries with which Ireland 
has entered into a double tax treaty is available on www.revenue.ie. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under other exemptions contained in Irish tax 
legislation or under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of 
residence of the holder of the Notes. 
If the above exemptions do not apply it is understood that there is a long standing unpublished 
practice whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to such Irish tax in respect of persons 
who are regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(i) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or 
branch in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(ii) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income 
from Irish sources; or 
(iii) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income 
tax on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that this practice will continue to apply. 
Withholding Taxes 
All payments made by the Dutch Issuer under the Notes issued by the Dutch Issuer may be made 
free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by Ireland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
In general, withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20%) must be deducted from interest payments 
made by an Irish company such as the Irish Issuer. However, Section 246 TCA (“Section 246”) 
provides that this general obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, inter alia, interest 
payments made by the Irish Issuer to a person, who by virtue of the law of the relevant territory, is 
resident for the purposes of tax in a relevant territory (see above for details). This exemption does 
not apply if the interest is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business which is carried 
on in Ireland by the company through a branch or agency. 
Apart from Section 246, Section 64 TCA (“Section 64”) provides for the payment of interest on a 
“Quoted Eurobond” without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is defined 
in Section 64 as a security which: 
(i) 
is issued by a company; 
(ii) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean 
an exchange which is recognised in the country in which it is established such as the Euronext 
Dublin); and 
(iii) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(i) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or 
(ii) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and

--- Page 299 ---
TAXATION 
299 
 
(a) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have, amongst others, been designated as recognised 
clearing systems); or 
(b) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written 
declaration to this effect. 
In certain circumstances, Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld at the rate of 25% 
from interest on any Note, where such interest is collected by a person in Ireland on behalf of any 
holder of Notes. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A Noteholder will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such Noteholder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and such Noteholder does not have an enterprise, or an 
interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a 
permanent representative to which or to whom the Notes are attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish domiciled, resident or ordinarily 
resident disponer or if the donee / successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any of 
the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the donee / successor may be liable to Irish 
capital acquisitions tax. As a result, a donee / successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, 
even though neither the disponer nor the donee / successor may be domiciled, resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland at the relevant time. 
Stamp duty 
For as long as the Irish Issuer is a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 of the TCA, 
no Irish stamp duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of the Notes, provided that the 
money raised by the issue of the Notes is used in the course of the Irish Issuer’s business. 
Dutch Tax Considerations  
Introduction 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in the Netherlands 
regarding the tax position of investors beneficially owning their Notes and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. It does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after the 
date of this document, regardless of whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The 
summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest 
thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. For the purposes of this 
section, “the Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is in Europe.

--- Page 300 ---
TAXATION 
300 
 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, 
this summary, with the exception of the section on withholding tax below, does not address the Dutch 
tax consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Dutch Issuer (such a substantial interest 
is generally present if an equity stake of at least five per cent., or a right to acquire such a stake, is 
held, in each case by reference to the Dutch Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital 
of a certain class of shares);  
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of Dutch income 
tax (inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise 
(onderneming) to which the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in box 1 
with respect to benefits derived from the Notes;  
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the Dutch Issuer (such a 
participation is generally present in the case of an interest of at least five per cent. of the Dutch 
Issuer’s nominal paid-in capital);  
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and an exempt investment 
institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for 
the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or 
exempt for tax purposes; 
(v) 
which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and resident of Aruba, 
Curaçao or Sint Maarten having an enterprise which is, in whole or in part, carried on through 
a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste 
vertegenwoordiger) in Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba, to which the Notes are attributable; or  
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes. 
This summary does not describe the Netherlands tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes 
are attributed on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier 
vermogen) in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the 
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 (Successiewet 1956).  
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Irish Issuer under the Notes issued by the Irish Issuer may be made free 
of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
All payments made by the Dutch Issuer under the Notes issued by the Dutch Issuer may be made 
free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein provided 
that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Dutch Issuer within the meaning of art. 10, 
paragraph 1, letter d, Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969). However, as of 1 January 2021 withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of 
interest on the Notes issued by the Dutch Issuer made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Dutch 
Issuer if such entity (i) is incorporated or established in or resident of a jurisdiction included on the list 
of low-tax and non-cooperative jurisdictions published annually by the Dutch Minister for Finance, or

--- Page 301 ---
TAXATION 
301 
 
(ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or 
(iii) is entitled to the interest for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for 
another person, or (iv) is a hybrid entity, or (v) is not resident in any jurisdiction, all within the meaning 
of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Income tax 
Resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident 
of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax, must record Notes as assets that are held 
in box 3. Taxable income with regard to the Notes is then determined on the basis of a certain deemed 
return on the holder’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar 
the yield basis exceeds a €50,000 threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income 
actually received or gains actually realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value 
of certain qualifying assets held by the holder of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain 
qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the calendar year. The fair market value of the Notes will be 
included as an asset in the holder’s yield basis. The holder’s yield basis is allocated to up to three 
brackets for which different deemed returns apply. The first bracket includes amounts up to and 
including € 50,000, which amount will be split into a 67 per cent. low-return part and a 33 per cent. 
high-return part. The second bracket includes amounts in excess of € 50,000 and up to and including 
€950,000, which amount will be split into a 21 per cent. low-return part and a 79 per cent. high-return 
part. The third bracket includes amounts in excess of €950,000, which will be considered high-return 
in full. For 2021 the deemed return on the low-return parts is 0.03 per cent. and on the high-return 
parts is 5.69 per cent. The deemed return percentages are reassessed every year. The deemed 
return on the holder’s yield basis is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being 
a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax, will not be subject to such tax in 
respect of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of 
an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity and, 
for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a resident (or treated as being a resident) of the 
Netherlands is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25 per cent. 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity or a person taxable as a corporate entity 
and for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax is neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject to corporate income tax unless such holder has an 
interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or 
a permanent representative in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable, or such holder is 
(other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement 
to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the 
Notes at rates of up to 25 per cent. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes 
who is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift 
and inheritance tax.

--- Page 302 ---
TAXATION 
302 
 
Non-resident holders: Generally, no Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes 
who is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of 
Dutch gift and inheritance tax. 
Other taxes 
No Dutch value added tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for 
the issue of Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of 
Notes. Furthermore, no Dutch registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other 
similar tax or duty) will be payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the Notes. 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
by reason only of holding the Notes.

--- Page 303 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
303 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
In the following paragraphs of this “Subscription and Sale” section, references to “Notes” should be 
taken to include references to “interests in Notes held through CDIs”. 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the dealer agreement (constituted by the execution 
of the Programme Deed) (the “Dealer Agreement”), the Notes may be sold to Credit Suisse 
International or any further financial institution appointed as dealer under the Dealer Agreement 
(together, the “Dealer(s)”), who shall act as principals in relation to such sales. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in Series or Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten 
by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer may pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of 
the Notes subscribed by it. 
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) 
against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement 
may be terminated in relation to all the Dealer(s) or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself 
and itself only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 10 days’ notice. 
The Dealer(s) may sell Notes to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at 
negotiated prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than 
the Issue Price of the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S of the Securities Act, as amended 
(“Regulation S”). The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and 
may not at any time be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) not a Non-United States person 
(as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”), but excluding 
for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who 
are not Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk 
retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Terms 
used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not at any time be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations (but excluding for purposes of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code)), 
transactions that would permit resale of the Bearer Notes after the expiration of the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person). Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
delivered and will not at any time offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution or (ii) otherwise within the United States or to, or

--- Page 304 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
304 
 
for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) 
not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit 
risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934), 
and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), persons 
who are not Non-United States persons (as defined in Rule 4.7) and U.S. person (as defined in the 
credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934). Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales at any time, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, 
agreed and acknowledged that:  
 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is 
not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation 
S), (b) it is a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7) and (c) it is not an affiliate of 
the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.  
 
It understands that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of 
the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission 
thereunder and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and that, it will not at any time offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except 
(a) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, and (b) 
to a person who is a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7). 
 
The Issuer, the Registrar, the Arranger and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 305 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
305 
 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree, in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer for the relevant 
Tranche; or 
(iii) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer 
or the Dealer for the relevant Tranche to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
Member State includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 306 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
306 
 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the Dealer for the relevant Tranche; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer 
or the Dealer for the relevant Tranche to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes in the UK means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands  
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the 
“SCA”)) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the 
Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with

--- Page 307 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
307 
 
due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include 
registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue 
of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not 
act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are 
physically issued outside The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in the 
Netherlands. 
In respect of Notes issued by the Irish Issuer with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme in respect of such Notes will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Notes (or any interest therein) are not and may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, 
sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in the Netherlands, on their issue date or at any time thereafter, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document in relation to any offering of the Notes (or 
any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in the Netherlands, other than to qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, provided that these parties acquire the Notes for 
their own account or that of another qualified investor. 
Switzerland  
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, to private clients in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared 
for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available to private clients in Switzerland. 
Ireland  
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Irish Issuer, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that: 
(i) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. 
No. 375 of 2017), as amended, including, without limitation, Parts 2, 3, 4, and 7 thereof and 
any codes of conduct issued in connection therewith, and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 and the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995, as amended, and they 
will conduct themselves in accordance with any codes and rules of conduct, conditions, 
requirements and any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank with respect 
to anything done by them in relation to the Notes; 
(ii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018, as amended, including any codes of conduct 
rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) and any 
regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 
2013, as amended; 
(iii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in respect of the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, Commission Delegated

--- Page 308 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
308 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 and any rules 
issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014, as amended, by the Central Bank; 
(iv) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in respect of the Notes otherwise 
than in compliance with the provisions of (A) the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation EU 
596/2014); (B) the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 
2014/57/EU); (C) the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (S.I. No. 349 of 2016), 
as amended; and (D) any rules issued by the Central Bank pursuant thereto and/or under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014, as amended;  
(v) 
to the extent applicable it has complied with, and it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or 
do anything in respect of the Notes otherwise than in compliance with the provisions of 
Companies Act 2014, as amended; and 
(vi) 
any issue of the Notes with a legal maturity of less than one year will be carried out in strict 
compliance with the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended); and 
(vii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in respect of the Notes otherwise 
than in compliance with the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Hong Kong  
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer, the Dealer has represented and agreed 
that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong other than (a) to “professional investors” as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being 
a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of Hong Kong) and 
any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
This document and other related documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this document and any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may 
not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other 
than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 
289 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) under Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A),

--- Page 309 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
309 
 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, (and where applicable) 
Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, or (c) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased, under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant 
to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for reoffering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except in circumstances which 
will result in compliance with the exemption under the FIEA and all other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines in Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.  
Bahrain 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to 
existing account holders and “Accredited Investors” as such term is defined by the Central Bank of 
Bahrain (the “CBB”) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of 
at least USD 100,000 (or any equivalent amount in another currency) or such other amount as the 
CBB may determine. 
Any such offer does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus

--- Page 310 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
310 
 
with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be 
used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to “Accredited 
Investors” for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.  
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for 
investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. 
No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus or 
related offering documents must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to 
or made available to the public generally. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
applicable Alternative Drawdown Document issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or any applicable Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any applicable 
Issue Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 311 ---
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE  
RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
311 
 
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any resolution regime may adversely 
affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any implementing legislation, 
if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original Collateral Obligor) or the Swap 
Counterparty is within the scope of any implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral or the Swap 
Agreement (as the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such 
person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension of power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any 
termination rights under the Swap Agreement; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap 
Agreement and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value 
may be different to the value that would have been determined by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty (as the case may be). 
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is complex 
and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor or the Swap Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Notes 
in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the 
Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or any Transaction 
Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of 
redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it 
deems necessary to ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 312 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
312 
 
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS  
Preferred creditors and floating charges under Irish law 
Under Irish law, upon the insolvency of an Irish incorporated company (such as the Irish Issuer), when 
applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course 
of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority 
over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the 
remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by an examiner of the company (which may 
include any borrowing made by any examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of 
his appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts. See “Examinership” below. 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish incorporated company (which would 
include the money standing to the credit of the accounts of the Irish Issuer) may be required by the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue Commissioners, to pay to 
them sums equivalent to those which the holder of the fixed security thereafter receives in payment 
of debts due to it by the company. Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security within 21 calendar days of its creation, the 
holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company 
(including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the issuance of a notice by the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax 
whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override 
the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of an Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a 
person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made 
by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal 
with the assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets 
or expending or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and, accordingly, if and 
to the extent that such liberty is given to the Irish Issuer, any security constituted by the Security 
Documents may operate as a floating, rather than a fixed charge. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables, it is 
necessary to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated 
bank account and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the moneys 
standing to the credit of such account without the consent of the chargee.  
Examinership 
Examination is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival of 
Irish companies in financial difficulties. 
The Irish Issuer, the directors of the Irish Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the 
Irish Issuer, or shareholders of the Irish Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not 
less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of the Irish Issuer are each entitled to petition the court 
for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside

--- Page 313 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
313 
 
contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain 
circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment. 
Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets which are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such 
power is exercised, the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount 
realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds of the 
sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme 
of arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a 
going concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High Court when at least one 
class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the Irish High Court is satisfied that such 
proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not 
accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of 
arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Irish Issuer, if the Trustee represented the majority in 
number and value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee would be in a position to 
reject any proposal not in favour of the Noteholders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at 
the relevant Irish court, hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the 
proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the creditors of the Irish Issuer, especially if such 
proposals included a writing down of the value of amounts due from the Irish Issuer to the creditors 
or resulted in the creditors receiving less than they would have if the Irish Issuer were to be wound 
up. 
Centre of Main Interest 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast 
Regulation”), which came into force on 26 June 2017, the centre of main interests (“COMI”) shall be 
the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and which 
is ascertainable by third parties, In the case of a company or legal person, the place of the registered 
office shall be presumed to be the centre of main interest in the absence of proof to the contrary. That 
presumption shall only apply if the registered office has not been moved to another Member State 
within the 3-month period prior to the request for the opening of insolvency proceedings. The Irish 
Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. As a result, in accordance with the Recast Regulation, there 
is a rebuttable presumption that its COMI is in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency 
proceedings applicable to it would be governed by Irish law. In the decision by the European Court of 
Justice (“ECJ”) in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, the ECJ restated the presumption in Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (which the Recast 
Regulation replaced), that the place of a company’s registered office is presumed to be the company’s 
COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if “factors which are both objective and 
ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists which is 
different from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect”. As the Irish Issuer 
has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has an Irish 
corporate services provider, the Irish Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut this 
presumption, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the 
circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Irish Issuer’s COMI 
is not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within the European Union, main 
insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland.

--- Page 314 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
314 
 
Financial Transaction Tax 
In February 2013 the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission Proposal”) for 
a Council Directive implementing enhanced cooperation for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) 
requested by Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia 
and Spain (together, other than Estonia, the “Participating Member States”). However, on 16 March 
2016, Estonia completed the formalities required to cease participation in the enhanced cooperation 
on FTT. 
Under the Commission Proposal, the proposed FTT would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating 
Member State or the financial instrument in which the parties are dealing is issued in a Participating 
Member State. The FTT may apply to both transaction parties where one of these circumstances 
applies. The FTT may also apply to dealings in the Collateral to the extent the Collateral constitutes 
financial instruments within its scope, such as bonds. In such circumstances, it is not possible to 
predict with certainty what effect the proposed FTT might have on the business of the Irish Issuer, 
there will be no gross-up by any party to the transaction and amounts due to Noteholders may be 
adversely affected. 
Certain aspects of the Commission Proposal are controversial and, while the Commission Proposal 
initially identified the date of introduction of the FTT across the Participating Member States as being 
1 January 2014, this anticipated introduction date has been extended on several occasions due to 
disagreement among the Participating Member States regarding a number of key issues concerning 
the scope and application of the FTT. Accordingly, the date of implementation of the FTT remains 
uncertain. 
Additional Member States may also decide to participate in the FTT. Prospective holders of the Notes 
are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to any FTT and its potential impact on 
their dealings in the Notes before investing. 
Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
On 5 October 2015, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) 
published final reports, analyses and sets of recommendations for all of the fifteen actions it identified 
as part of its Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) which G20 finance ministers 
then endorsed during a meeting on 8 October 2015 in Lima, Peru (the “Final Report”). The Final 
Report was endorsed by G20 Leaders during their annual summit on 15-16 November 2015 in 
Antalya, Turkey. 
The focus of one of the actions (Action 6) is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model treaty 
provisions to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. The Final Report 
recommends, as a minimum, that countries should include in their tax treaties: (i) an express 
statement that the common intention of each contracting state which is party to such treaties is to 
eliminate double taxation without creating opportunities for non-taxation or reduced taxation through 
tax evasion or avoidance; and one, or both, of (ii) a “limitation-on-benefits” (“LOB”) rule; and (iii) a 
“principal purposes test” (“PPT”) rule. 
The PPT rule could deny a treaty benefit (such as a reduced rate of withholding tax) if it is reasonable 
to conclude, having regard to all facts and circumstances, that obtaining that benefit was one of the 
principal purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, 
unless it is established that granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance with 
the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the treaty. On 24 November 2016, the OECD

--- Page 315 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
315 
 
published the text and explanatory statement of the “Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty 
Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting”, developed by an ad hoc group of 99 
countries which included Ireland and the UK (the “Multilateral Instrument”). The Multilateral 
Instrument is to be applied alongside existing tax treaties (rather than amending them directly), 
modifying the application of those existing treaties in order to implement BEPS measures. 
The United Kingdom and Ireland signed the Multilateral Instrument with both countries indicating that 
the double tax treaty entered into between the United Kingdom and Ireland is to be designated as a 
Covered Tax Agreement (“CTA”) being a tax treaty that is to be modified by the Multilateral Instrument. 
The United Kingdom deposited its instrument of ratification with the OECD on 29 June 2018 and 
therefore the Multilateral Instrument came into force in respect of the United Kingdom on 1 October 
2018. Ireland deposited its instrument of ratification with the OECD on 29 January 2019 and therefore 
the Multilateral Instrument came into force in respect of Ireland on 1 January 2020.  
Upon ratifying the Multilateral Instrument, the United Kingdom and Ireland each provided a list of 
reservations and notifications to be made pursuant to it. Based on the information contained in these 
documents and the Multilateral Instrument, Action 6 would be implemented into the double tax treaties 
Ireland has entered into with the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions by the inclusion of a PPT. 
In particular it remains to be seen what specific changes will be made to the UK/Ireland double tax 
treaty and any other double tax treaty on which the Irish Issuer may rely (for example, in receiving 
interest from an overseas borrower at a potentially reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable 
double tax treaty). A change in the application or interpretation of these double tax treaties (as a result 
of the adoption of the recommendations of the Final Report by way of the Multilateral Instrument or 
otherwise) might result in the Irish Issuer being treated as having a taxable permanent establishment 
outside of Ireland, in denying the Irish Issuer the benefit of Ireland’s network of double tax treaties or 
in other tax consequences for the Irish Issuer. In each case, this could have a material adverse effect 
on the Irish Issuer’s business, tax and financial position. 
It is also possible that Ireland will negotiate other bespoke amendments to its double tax treaties on 
a bilateral basis in the future which may affect the ability of the Irish Issuer to obtain the benefits of 
those treaties. 
Investors should note that other action points which form part of the OECD BEPS project (such as 
Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs (see EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2)) may be implemented in a manner which affects the tax position 
of the Irish Issuer. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 
(EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD I”) on 12 July 2016. The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 
(“ATAD II” and together with ATAD I, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017 to provide for minimum standards for 
counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. 
EU member states were required to implement ATAD I by 31 December 2018 (subject to derogations 
for EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law) and were required to 
implement ATAD II by 31 December 2019 (except for measures relating to hybrid mismatches, which 
must be implemented by 31 December 2021 and which will apply as of 1 January 2022). Ireland has 
already implemented the anti-hybrid rules provided for in ATAD II.

--- Page 316 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
316 
 
The Directives (and in the case of ATAD I the existing legislation in Ireland) contain various measures 
that could, depending on their implementation and application in Ireland, potentially result in certain 
payments made by the Irish Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible for Irish tax purposes. There are two 
measures of particular relevance. 
Firstly, ATAD provides for an interest limitation rule which restricts the deductible exceeding borrowing 
costs of an entity to 30% of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. However, 
the interest limitation rule only applies to the net or ‘exceeding’ borrowing costs of an entity (being the 
amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically 
equivalent taxable revenues). Under the Directives, Member States have a number of choices 
regarding implementation, including an option to allow taxpayers to deduct exceeding borrowing costs 
up to €3 million, and to exempt certain entities, such as entities which qualify as financial 
undertakings. Ireland has not published draft legislation indicating which of the various options and 
derogations it will implement. Accordingly, the manner in which the interest deductibility limitation rule 
will apply is uncertain. 
The interest limitation rule is anticipated to be in effect in Ireland from 1 January 2022. Until the 
manner of implementation of the interest deductibility limitation rule is known, it is not possible to 
provide detailed guidance on the impact of the rule on the Irish Issuer’s Irish tax position. 
Secondly, ATAD provides for hybrid mismatch rules. A hybrid mismatch arrangement is a cross-border 
arrangement that generally uses a hybrid entity or hybrid instrument and results in a mismatch in the 
tax treatment of a payment across jurisdictions. 
ATAD II covers hybrid mismatches arising between (i) associated enterprises, (ii) head offices and 
permanent establishments and (iii) permanent establishments of the same entity or (iv) under 
structured arrangements. The forms of hybrid mismatch that are most likely to be relevant to an entity 
such as the Irish Issuer relate to financial instrument mismatches and hybrid entity mismatches. 
In very broad terms, if a hybrid mismatch results from differences in the characterisation of a financial 
instrument, the Member State where the payment is sourced from shall deny the deduction, unless 
another territory has already done so. Financial instrument is very broadly defined to include any 
instrument that gives rise to a financing or equity return that is taxed under the rules for taxing debt, 
equity or derivatives under the law of either jurisdiction involved. The rules in relation to financial 
instrument mismatches could impact financing arrangements such as preferred or convertible equity 
certificates (PECs or CPECs), but also debt instruments which are “stapled” with an equity instrument 
or which are treated as debt in one (1) jurisdiction and equity in another jurisdiction. 
The new rules also deal with so-called hybrid entities where an entity or arrangement is regarded as 
a taxable entity in one (1) jurisdiction and whose income or expenditure is treated as income or 
expenditure of one (1) or more persons in another jurisdiction. These provisions could impact entities 
which “check the box” for US tax purposes and are treated as transparent. 
Member States were required to implement these rules by 31 December 2019 except for the provision 
on reverse hybrid mismatches for which implementation can be postponed to 31 December 2021 and 
will apply as of 1 January 2022. 
The Irish Issuer’s tax treatment may be impacted by the implementation of ATAD II in other EU 
jurisdictions. The Irish Issuer’s Irish tax position may be impacted by Ireland’s implementation of the 
anti-hybrid legislation which occurred as part of Finance Act 2019 and came into effect from 1 January 
2020.

--- Page 317 ---
IRISH TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
317 
 
To the extent the Irish Issuer is deemed to be associated with any of its Noteholders, or is engaged 
in certain transactions which have, as their purpose, the exploitation of hybrid mismatches, these Irish 
anti-hybrid rules may impact the deductibility of payments of interest by the Irish Issuer to certain 
Noteholders. ‘Associated’ for Irish tax purposes in this context includes direct and indirect participation 
in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25 per cent. or more (50 per cent. in certain 
circumstances) or an entitlement to receive 25 per cent. or more (50 per cent. in certain 
circumstances) of the profits of that entity as well as entities that are part of the same consolidated 
group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in the 
management of the taxpayer. 
Noteholders are not currently anticipated to be persons who would be considered associated with the 
Irish Issuer, merely by reason of holding Notes.

--- Page 318 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND 
 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
318 
 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax payments 
Background 
A payment with respect to a Note, the Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any) could be subject 
to U.S. withholding both under FATCA and as a result of being treated as a dividend equivalent payment. 
The maximum rate of U.S. withholding on such payment would not exceed 30 per cent. 
A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  
Possible impact on payments on Collateral (if any) and Swap Agreement (if any) 
If the Issuer fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including any Dutch or Irish, as applicable, 
and any related IGA legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder), it may be subject to FATCA 
Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to the Original Collateral or the Swap 
Agreement (in each case, if any). Any such withholding would, in turn, result in the Issuer having insufficient 
funds from which to make payments that would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes or the 
Swap Agreement with respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other 
Transaction Party to make up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds 
to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of the 
Original Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test date to be subject to FATCA Withholding, 
the Notes will be subject to early redemption (see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors 
– Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons”). No assurance 
can be given that the Issuer can or will comply with its obligations under FATCA or that the Issuer will not 
be subject to FATCA Withholding. 
Possible impact on payments on the Notes 
The Issuer may be required to withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries through which 
such Notes are held) that are foreign financial institutions that are not compliant with, or exempt from, 
FATCA or Noteholders that do not provide the information, documentation or certifications required for the 
Issuer to comply with its obligations under FATCA. Additionally, the Issuer is also permitted to make any 
amendments to the Notes and the Swap Agreement (if any) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to 
comply with its obligations under FATCA (including any Dutch or Irish, as applicable, and any related IGA 
legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder) and any such amendment will be binding on the 
Noteholders. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts in the event 
FATCA withholding tax is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. FATCA is particularly 
complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is subject to change. Potential 
investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. 
Possible redemption of the Notes 
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes has failed to 
provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance with Master Condition 12(b)

--- Page 319 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND 
 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
319 
 
(Provision of information) such that any payment received by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or 
withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting 
Regime, the Notes shall redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk 
factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons”). 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is subject 
to change. 
U.S. Dodd-Frank Act 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 2010 
(“Dodd-Frank”), establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts (collectively referred to as “covered swaps”). Among other things, Title VII provides the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”) with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types of derivatives that were 
previously traded over the counter, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration and 
regulatory framework applicable to covered swap dealers and other major market participants, requires 
many types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on swap execution facilities and centrally 
cleared, and provides for the imposition of capital and margin requirements for uncleared transactions in 
covered swaps, such requirements to be phased in beginning March 2017. 
While Title VII provided that it was to go into effect on 16 July 2011, the SEC and CFTC have repeatedly 
delayed compliance with many of Title VII’s requirements through exemptive orders, no-action letters or 
other forms of relief. While the CFTC had adopted a number of regulations under Title VII and many of the 
obligations under those regulations have become effective, the SEC is significantly behind the CFTC and 
many of its rules are not yet in effect. As Title VII’s requirements go into effect, it is clear that covered swap 
counterparties, dealers and other major market participants, as well as commercial users of covered 
swaps, will experience new and/or additional regulatory requirements, compliance burdens and 
associated costs. 
Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside 
the scope of Dodd-Frank, there is no assurance that the Issuer’s Swap Agreements would not be treated 
as covered swaps under Title VII, nor is there assurance that the Issuer would not be required to comply 
with additional regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, including by Dodd-Frank 
(the “CEA”), as described immediately below. If the Issuer’s Swap Agreements are treated as covered 
swaps under Title VII, the Issuer may be required to comply with additional regulation under the CEA. 
Moreover, the Issuer could be required to register as a commodity pool operator and to register the Issuer 
as a commodity pool with the CFTC (see “U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation” below). 
Such additional regulations and/or registration requirements may result in, among other things, increased 
reporting and regulatory compliance obligations and also in extraordinary expenses of the Issuer thereby 
materially and adversely impacting a transaction’s value. Any such additional registration requirements 
could result in one or more service providers or counterparties to the Issuer resigning, seeking to withdraw 
or renegotiating their relationship with the Issuer. To the extent any service providers resign, it may be 
difficult to replace such service providers. 
Under Dodd-Frank, Swap Agreements entered into between the Issuer and a Swap Counterparty may be 
subject to mandatory execution, clearing and documentation requirements. Even those Swap Agreements 
not required to be cleared will generally be subject to initial and variation margining and documentation 
requirements that may require modifications to existing agreements. Any of the foregoing requirements

--- Page 320 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND 
 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
320 
 
and/or other requirements or obligations under Dodd-Frank could materially increase costs associated 
with the Programme and could materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Investors are urged to consult their own advisors regarding the suitability of an investment in any Notes. 
U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation 
The CFTC has rescinded a rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a “commodity 
pool operator” (a “CPO”) or a “commodity trading advisor” under the CEA, in respect of certain transactions 
and investment vehicles involving sophisticated investors. Dodd-Frank also expanded the definition of 
“commodity pool” to include any form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity 
interests, including swaps. It should also be noted that the definition of “swap” under Dodd-Frank is itself 
broad and expressly includes certain interest rate swaps, currency swaps and total return swaps. The term 
“commodity pool operator” has been expanded to include any person engaged in a business that is of the 
nature of a commodity pool or similar enterprise and in connection therewith, solicits, accepts, or receives 
from others, funds, securities or property for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including any 
swaps. The CFTC has taken an expansive interpretation of these definitions, and has expressed the view 
that entering into a single swap could make an entity a “commodity pool” subject to regulation under the 
CEA. The CFTC has also provided certain exemptive relief in respect of these matters although there is 
no guarantee that all or any aspects of the Programme will be able to take advantage of such relief. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no person has registered nor will register as a CPO of either Issuer 
under the CEA and the CFTC Rules thereunder. No assurance can be made that either the U.S. federal 
government or a U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will not take further legislative 
or regulatory action, and the effect of such action, if any, cannot be known or predicted. Notwithstanding 
the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside the scope of the 
CEA, if the Issuer was deemed to be one or more “commodity pools”, then whoever is deemed to be acting 
as a CPO in respect thereof would be required to register as such with the CFTC. While there remain 
certain limited exemptions from registration, because the wording of these regulations applies to traditional 
commodity pools and was not drafted with transactions such as those contemplated in relation to the 
Programme in mind, these exemptions may not be available to avoid registration with respect to the Issuer 
or other parties. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a “commodity pool”, it would have to comply 
with a number of reporting and regulatory requirements that are geared to traded commodity pools. 
Complying with these requirements on an ongoing basis could impose significant costs on the Issuer that 
may materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes. It is presently unclear how an investment 
vehicle such as the Issuer could comply with certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. 
Such registration and other requirements would also involve material ongoing costs to the Issuer. The 
scope of such requirements and related compliance costs is uncertain but could materially and adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
U.S. Volcker Rule 
On 10 December 2013, the SEC, the CFTC and three U.S. banking regulators approved a final rule to 
implement the Volcker Rule. Subject to certain exceptions, the Volcker Rule prohibits sponsorship of and 
investment in certain “covered funds” by “banking entities”, a term that includes Credit Suisse International 
and most internationally active banking organizations that may be Swap Counterparties. Even if an 
exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest in a covered fund, the banking entity may be 
prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that covered fund. Covered transactions 
include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction if the swap would result in a credit exposure 
to the covered fund.

--- Page 321 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND 
 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
321 
 
If the Issuer is considered a covered fund and if any affiliate of a Swap Counterparty were to be deemed 
to be a “sponsor” of the Issuer, a Swap Counterparty could be prohibited from entering into Swap 
Agreements with the Issuer, which could have material adverse effects on the Notes. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may incur additional costs in seeking new swap counterparties in order to maintain the payment 
characteristics of the Notes, although there is no guarantee that it will be able to find such counterparties. 
Such costs could materially and adversely affect the value of and any return on the Notes. If the Issuer is 
considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be materially and adversely 
affected, since banking entities could be prohibited from, or face restrictions in, investing in the Notes. This 
could make it difficult or impossible for Noteholders to sell the Notes or it could materially and adversely 
affect their market value. 
U.S. withholding taxes on dividend equivalent payments 
Under Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (“Section 871(m)”), a 
“dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States and will be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. when paid to a non-U.S. person. A “dividend 
equivalent” payment generally includes a payment (or deemed payment) that is contingent upon, or 
determined by reference to, the payment of a U.S.-source dividend under certain financial instruments. An 
instrument or agreement whose economic characteristics are sufficiently similar to those of an underlying 
or referenced U.S. security that pays U.S.-source dividends under tests provided in applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) regime (such an instrument or 
agreement, a “Specified Transaction”). The tests applicable for determining whether an instrument or 
agreement is a Specified Transaction will depend on the terms of the relevant instrument or agreement 
and the date on which the instrument or agreement is priced, or issued or entered into (the applicable date 
to be determined in accordance with Section 871(m)), and may be subject to redetermination in connection 
with certain modifications of the instrument or agreement, or upon the rebalancing of a basket of reference 
assets or an index referenced by the Notes. 
In general, Section 871(m) will not apply to certain financial instruments issued or entered into prior to 1 
January 2019 if such financial instruments are not “delta one” transactions. In addition, the Section 871(m) 
regulations provide certain broadly applicable exceptions to characterization as Specified Transactions, in 
particular for certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. While the Issuer’s determination 
generally is binding on Noteholders, it is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). The 
IRS may successfully argue that a Note is subject to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding 
the Issuer’s determination to the contrary. Further, it is possible that U.S. withholding tax could apply to 
the Notes under these rules if a Noteholder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect 
of the underlying equity, basket or index, or the Notes. A Noteholder that enters, or has entered, into other 
transactions in respect of the underlying or the Notes should consult its own tax advisor regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to its Notes in the context of its other transactions. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents may be required on any portion of a payment or deemed 
payment under a Specified Transaction, including, if appropriate, the payment of the purchase price, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse, disposition, settlement or other resolution to a non-U.S. person. If the 
underlying or referenced U.S. security or securities are expected to be treated as paying dividends during 
the term of the Specified Transaction, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified 
Transaction does not provide for payments explicitly linked to such dividends. 
If the Issuer were subject to withholding under Section 871(m) in respect of payments it receives with 
respect to the Original Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any), such withholding would, in turn, 
result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that would otherwise have

--- Page 322 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND 
 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
322 
 
become due in respect of the Notes or under the Swap Agreement (if any). No other funds would be 
available to the Issuer to make up any shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer would not have sufficient funds 
to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. If the Issuer or any party acting on behalf of the Issuer 
determines that withholding is required on payments to Noteholders under the Notes, neither the Issuer 
nor any other party will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. If 
withholding applies, the rate of any withholding may not be reduced even if the holder is otherwise eligible 
for a reduction under an applicable treaty, although Noteholders that are entitled to a lower rate of 
withholding under a tax treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a 
U.S. tax return. However, Noteholders may not receive the necessary information to properly claim a 
refund for any withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the IRS may not 
credit a holder with withholding taxes remitted in respect of its Notes for purposes of claiming a refund. 
Finally, a Noteholder’s resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the Noteholder to take a credit for U.S. 
withholding taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the consequences to them of the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes, 
including their ability to claim refunds or credits in respect of amounts withheld, under an applicable tax 
treaty with the United States (although, for the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not have the ability to 
claim back any amounts of withholding in respect of payments received by the Issuer with respect to the 
Original Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any)). Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect 
of its assets or payments to the Noteholders on the Notes are, will become, or are deemed on any relevant 
date to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Notes would generally be subject to early 
redemption.

--- Page 323 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
323 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
The website of the Dutch Issuer is www.platinumsecuritiesnetherlands.com.  
(ii) 
The website of the Irish Issuer is www.argentumsecuritiesireland.ie/. 
(iii) 
The establishment of the Dutch Issuer’s Programme was authorised by the Dutch Issuer 
by a resolution of the Dutch Issuer’s Board of Directors on 22 September 2020.  
(iv) 
This Base Prospectus was presented to the Dutch Issuer’s Board of Directors in 
connection with the update of the Programme and was approved by a resolution of the 
Dutch Issuer’s Board of Directors on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. Each 
Series issued by the Dutch Issuer will be authorised by a separate resolution by the 
Dutch Issuer’s Board of Directors. 
(v) 
The Irish Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. This Base Prospectus was 
presented to the Irish Issuer’s Board of Directors in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme and was approved by a resolution of the Irish Issuer’s Board of 
Directors on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. Each Series issued by the Irish 
Issuer will be authorised by a separate resolution by the Irish Issuer’s Board of Directors. 
(vi) 
Neither the Dutch Issuer nor the Irish Issuer is, nor has it been, involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since the date of its 
incorporation, which may have or has had in the recent past significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of such Issuer. 
(vii) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt and Coupon will 
bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be 
subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(viii) Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ix) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(x) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this 
information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified where used. Any websites included in this 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 324 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
324 
 
(xi) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of 
the applicable Issue Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issues of Notes or in relation to the Collateral. 
(xii) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus (in respect of sub-
paragraphs (a) to (d) below and for so long as any listed Note remains outstanding, from 
the date of the relevant document (in respect of sub-paragraph (i)), (i) copies of the 
following documents will be available in printed form free of charge, during the hours 
between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect to the location of the relevant offices 
specified below) on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection at the registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the Specified Office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and if the Issuer is the Irish Issuer, in electronic form on the 
website of the Irish Issuer (https://www.argentumsecuritiesireland.ie/) and, if the Issuer 
is the Dutch Issuer, in electronic form on the website of the Dutch Issuer 
(www.platinumsecuritiesnetherlands.com) and (ii) electronic copies of the following 
documents may be provided by the Issuing and Paying Agent by email to a holder 
requesting copies of such documents, subject to the Issuing and Paying Agent being 
supplied by the relevant Issuer with copies of such documents:  
(a) 
the documents comprising the Principal Trust Deed (which includes the form of 
the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the Global Certificate, the 
Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(b) 
the up-to-date Irish Articles or Dutch Articles, as applicable;  
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or further prospectus; 
(d) 
copies of the latest annual report and accounts (including interim accounts) of the 
Irish Issuer or the Dutch Issuer, as applicable; and 
(e) 
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which any Note is at the relevant time listed. 
(xiii) None of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty nor any other relevant party intends to 
provide post-issuance information regarding the Swap Counterparty, any Collateral 
Obligor, Notes to be listed on a stock exchange or, where applicable, performance of the 
Original Collateral or any Reference Entity. 
(xiv) The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
(xv) 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 325 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
325 
 
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Final Terms dated [] 
[ARGENTUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800D3J8RPOBZM8Z27 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of Ireland with its registered office 
at Block A, Georges Quay Plaza, Georges Quay, Dublin, Ireland)] 
PLATINUM SECURITIES NETHERLANDS B.V. 
(incorporated as a private limited liability company under the laws of the Netherlands, having its 
statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with its registered office at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 
1097 JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with registration number 80060277) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500GEJ6532OJTZY78 
 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under the 
Structured Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[If 
“Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors” 
is 
specified 
as 
“Applicable”]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[If 
“Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors” 
is 
specified 
as 
“Applicable”]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would

--- Page 326 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
326 
 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[BENCHMARKS 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]], which 
is provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify 
administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).] (Include where 
Floating Rate is Applicable) 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[[specify benchmark]] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by 
virtue of article 2 of that regulation,]/[the transitional provisions in article 51 of the BMR apply,] such 
that [specify administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] (As above, 
include where Floating Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, such as 
LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following 
terms (the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Notes. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 9 July 2021 [and the Supplemental Prospectus dated [] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”). For the purpose of these Final Terms, references to Issue Terms in the Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Final Terms in respect of the Notes. This 
document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus will be available 
for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/ and www.centralbank.ie for 12 months from the date of the 
Base Prospectus [[and] during normal business hours at [] [and copies may be obtained from []]]. 
(Consideration should be given as to whether a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation might be required.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
[The Notes do not constitute a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). Therefore, the Notes are not subject 
to authorisation or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(“FINMA”). Investors bear the Issuer risk.] (Include for Notes offered in Switzerland)

--- Page 327 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
327 
 
SERIES DETAILS 
1 
Issuer: 
[Argentum 
Securities 
Ireland 
plc]/[Platinum 
Securities Netherlands B.V.] 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(If fungible with an existing 
Series, provide details of that 
Series, including the date on 
which the Notes become 
fungible)]. 
 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
[Series: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] (Minimum of €100,000 or equivalent on the 
Issue Date) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Trade Date: 
[●] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[No interest shall be payable in respect of the 
Notes] 
[Change of Interest Basis applies to the Notes, in 
respect of which see paragraph 13 below] 
(Further particulars specified in the “Provisions 
Relating to Interest (if any) Payable” section 
below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]  
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount] 
[Instalment] 
11 
[Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by 
the Board on or around the Issue Date.] (Only

--- Page 328 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
328 
 
relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
12 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Applicable, insert further particulars regarding 
the Interest Periods for which each of Fixed and 
Floating Rates apply) 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please 
specify the Interest Period(s) to which Fixed Rate 
applies) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/ 
[semi-annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[●] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) [Interest Amount: 
[●]] 
 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
 
(v) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please 
specify the Interest Period(s) to which Floating 
Rate applies) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 329 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
329 
 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate 
Determination][, provided that the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period shall be subject to the 
Minimum Rate of Interest [and] [Maximum Rate 
of Interest] set out below] 
 
(v) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-]/[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00]/[[●]] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(Specify relevant party only where ISDA 
Determination is not specified above)  
 
(ix) [ISDA 
Determination:] 
(only 
include 
where 
ISDA 
Determination applies) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[As defined in the Master Conditions] 
 
– 
Occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Event: 
[As at the Issue Date, a Reference Rate Event has 
not occurred in respect of [Insert name of Floating 
Rate Option]] / [As at the Issue Date, a 
Reference Rate Event has already occurred in 
respect of [Insert name of Floating Rate 
Option], which means that the Calculation 
Agent will seek to apply the provisions of the 
Master Conditions to identify a replacement. 
Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) will 
apply with effect from the Issue Date until a 
replacement is identified] 
 
(x) [Screen 
Rate 
Determination:] 
(only include where Screen Rate 
applies) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA]/[Compounded Daily 
SOFR]/[Compounded Daily €STR]/[Compounded 
Daily SARON] 
[For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means 
[specify] (Delete if Index Determination is

--- Page 330 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
330 
 
applicable in respect of either Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR)] 
 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SONIA, 
Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
or 
Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
– 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 Business Days]/[Zurich Banking 
Days] 
(Specify 
for 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily 
€STR. Otherwise specify Not Applicable. Note that 
there must be at least two such relevant days to 
allow clearing system payments) 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify if the Screen 
Rate is either Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
(xi) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Cut-off Date: 
[As defined in the Master Conditions] 
 
(xiv) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period beginning on, and including, [●] and ending 
on, but excluding the Interest Period Date 
scheduled to] fall on [●] (Amend as required)]/[Not 
Applicable]  
(This should be Applicable where there are short 
or long Interest Periods) 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
 
(xvi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA)]

--- Page 331 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
331 
 
(Specify one of the following if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as Applicable) 
[[Second London Banking Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the case 
of Compounded Daily SONIA) 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] (Applicable in the 
case of Compounded Daily SONIA where Index 
Determination applies) 
[Second U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End 
Date] (Applicable in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR) 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] (Applicable in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR where Index Determination applies) 
[Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable 
in the case of Compounded Daily €STR) 
[Second Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the case 
of Compounded Daily SARON)] 
 
(xvii) Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Amount Payable: 
[●] 
17 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]  
18 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
19 
Default Interest: 
[As per Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of 
Interest)]/[●]/[Not Applicable]  
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
20 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [[●] in 
principal amount of an issue of Credit Suisse

--- Page 332 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
332 
 
International of [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
Original Collateral Obligor: 
Credit Suisse 
International 
Address:  
One Cabot Square
London 
E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Country of Incorporation:  
United Kingdom 
Nature of the Business: 
Financial Services 
Listed on the following stock 
Exchanges/Admitted to  
trading on the following  
regulated market or  
equivalent third country  
market or SME growth 
market:  
The regulated 
market of Euronext 
Dublin 
Asset: 
 
ISIN: 
 
 
[●]  
 
Maturity:  
 
[●]  
 
Currency: 
 
[●]  
Regulated Market on which 
admitted to trading:               [●]  
Documentation:   
[●] 
 
– Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date: 
[Initial Trade Date]/[●] 
 
 
– Purchase of Original Collateral:  
The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral 
from [Vendor] on or around the Issue Date 
pursuant to [paragraph [5] (Original Collateral 
Sale Provisions) of the Issue Deed]. 
 
(ii) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Swap Counterparty: 
[Credit Suisse International]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Original Collateral Substitution: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
New Collateral Criteria: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Physical Settlement] 
22 
Collateral Event: 
(Include all of the following that are applicable) 
[Original Collateral Call] 
[Original Collateral Default]

--- Page 333 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
333 
 
[Original Collateral Non-Call Event] 
[Original Collateral Payment Failure] 
[Original Collateral Conversion] 
[Currency Redenomination Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
23 
[Early Redemption Notification 
Period: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]] 
24 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25 
Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– Trigger Level: 
[●] 
26 
Original Collateral Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
27 
Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
28 
Redemption by Instalments: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment 
Dates relating to Notes that are redeemed by 
instalment)] 
29 
Early Cash Redemption Amount: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
30 
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option] 
PRODUCT SUPPLEMENTS AND ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS 
31 
Applicable Product Supplement: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISPOSAL AGENT 
32 
Disposal Agent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. In addition, the 
provisions in the Conditions relating to Disposal 
Agent, 
Liquidation, 
Liquidate, 
Liquidated, 
Liquidating, Liquidation Commencement Notice, 
Liquidation Default, Liquidation Event and/or 
Relevant 
Payment 
Date, 
including, 
without 
limitation, Master Conditions 5(d) (Disposal 
Agent’s right following Liquidation Event), 11(c) 
(Disposal Agent appointment, termination and 
replacement)), 
13 
(Liquidation) 
and 
15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) shall not 
apply hereto)  
 
(i) 
Disposal Agent: 
[Credit Suisse International]/[Specify name and 
address] 
 
(ii) Liquidation: 
As per Master Conditions

--- Page 334 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
334 
 
 
– Liquidation Parameters: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable, 
as 
per 
Master 
Conditions]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Quotation Dealers:  
[As per (specify if specific Quotation Dealers 
should be used) Master Condition 1 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)] [Specify if other values]  
 
(iv) Disposal Agent Fee: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(If yes, specify fee) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Bearer or Registered: 
Bearer Notes: 
Temporary Global Note [[in respect of each Class 
of Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Certificate other than Global Certificates] 
 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depository for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg / a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] exchangeable for Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Certificate]] 
 
(ii) The Issuer intends to permit 
indirect interests in the Notes to 
be held through the CREST 
Depositary Interests to be issued 
through the CREST Depositary: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
34 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(When dealing with Bearer Notes, please specify 
TEFRA 
C 
should 
apply 
unless 
instructed 
otherwise.) 
35 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
36 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
37 
Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET Settlement Day]/[place(s)]

--- Page 335 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
335 
 
38 
Reference Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
39 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
 
(ii) Custodian: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified 
Office of institution] 
 
(iii) Disposal Agent: 
See paragraph [32(i)] above 
 
(iv) Trustee: 
[HSBC 
Corporate 
Trustee 
Company 
(UK) 
Limited]/[Insert name and Specified Office of 
Institution] 
 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified 
Office of institution] 
 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
 
(vii) Registrar: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified 
Office of institution] 
 
(viii) [Transfer Agent(s): 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified 
Office of institution]] 
 
(ix) [Listing Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]] 
40 
Ratings Downgrade: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rating Downgrade Trigger for 
Standard and Poor’s: 
[As per Master Condition 11(d) (Replacement of 
Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon 
a Ratings Downgrade)]/[Specify if other] 
(ii) Rating Downgrade Trigger for 
Moody’s: 
[As per Master Condition 11(d) (Replacement of 
Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon 
a Ratings Downgrade)]/[Specify if other] 
41 
Section 871(m):  
(CS Legal should be consulted where 
applicable) 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes (without 
regard to any other transactions) should not be 
treated as transactions that are subject to U.S. 
withholding tax under Section 871(m)]/[The Issuer 
has determined that the Notes should be treated 
as transactions that are subject to U.S. withholding 
tax under Section 871(m)] 
42 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]] 
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) 
the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or (b) the Notes may or clearly do 
constitute “packaged” products and a KID required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1288/2014 (the “PRIIPS 
Regulation”) will be prepared;

--- Page 336 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
336 
 
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” 
products and (b) a KID required by the PRIIPS 
Regulation will not be prepared.) 
43 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]] 
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) 
the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or (b) the Notes may or clearly do 
constitute “packaged” products and a KID required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) will be prepared;  
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” 
products and (b) a KID required by the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation will not be prepared.)  
DISTRIBUTION 
44 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s)] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable 
45 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name] 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph 20 has been extracted from [specify 
source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such information or made any enquiries as 
to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
Signed on behalf of [NAME OF ISSUER]: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of [NAME OF ISSUER]: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 337 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
337 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated 
Market.] 
(Final Terms will only be prepared for those Series 
of Notes meeting the relevant criteria and where 
listing is contemplated on Euronext Dublin. Where 
a Series of Notes is intended to be listed on another 
regulated market, a Series Prospectus will be 
prepared instead.) 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
2 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:] 
 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 2. If conflicts have been discussed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were 
disclosed.) 
3 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES:] 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need 
to include those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) [Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) [Estimated total expenses: 
[●]] 
4 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 338 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
338 
 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[●] 
 
[WKN: 
[●]] 
 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.] 
[CREST] 
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means simply that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this text 
if “yes” selected, in which case Bearer Notes must 
be issued in NGN form)] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)](include this text for registered notes). 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] (Include this text if “no” is 
selected)]

--- Page 339 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
339 
 
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN 
DOCUMENT  
[ARGENTUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of Ireland with its registered office 
at Block A, Georges Quay Plaza, Georges Quay, Dublin, Ireland) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800D3J8RPOBZM8Z27] 
[PLATINUM SECURITIES NETHERLANDS B.V. 
(incorporated as a private limited liability company under the laws of the Netherlands, having its 
statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with its registered office at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 
1097 JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands, with registration number 80060277) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500GEJ6532OJTZY78] 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under the 
Structured Issuance Programme 
 
[If “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as “Applicable”]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[If 
“Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors” 
is 
specified 
as 
“Applicable”]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor

--- Page 340 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
340 
 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[The Notes do not constitute a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). Therefore, the Notes are not subject 
to authorisation or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(“FINMA”). Investors bear the Issuer risk.] (Include for Notes offered in Switzerland) 
[BENCHMARKS 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify 
administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).] (Include where 
Floating Rate is Applicable) 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue 
of article 2 of that regulation,]/[the transitional provisions in article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that 
[specify administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] (As above, include 
where Floating Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, such as LIBOR or 
EURIBOR) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of this [Series Prospectus]/[Series 
Memorandum], [specify administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK BMR”).] 
(Include where Floating Rate is Applicable)  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the UK BMR by 
virtue of article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in article 51 of the UK BMR apply,] 
such that [specify administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(As above, include where Floating Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, 
such as LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Notes. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Issue Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 9 July 2021 
and the Supplemental Base Prospectus[es] dated [●]. The Base Prospectus will be available for 
viewing at https://live.euronext.com/ and www.centralbank.ie for 12 months from the date of the Base 
Prospectus [[and] during normal business hours at [] [and copies may be obtained from []]].

--- Page 341 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
341 
 
SERIES DETAILS 
1 
Issuer: 
[Argentum Securities Ireland plc]/[Platinum Securities 
Netherlands B.V.] 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Classes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[This Series comprises [●] classes (each, a “Class” or 
“Class of Notes”). The Notes of each Class will rank 
pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and each Class will rank pari passu and 
without any preference between the Classes.] (Include 
if Classes are applicable)  
(If Classes are applicable, populate each paragraph 
below with the relevant information for each Class) 
 
(iii) [Base Currency: 
[●]] (Include if Classes with multiple Specified 
Currencies are applicable)  
 
(iv) [Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series 
or Class, provide details of that 
Series or Class, including the date 
on which the Notes become 
fungible).] 
 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
 
[(i) 
Class: 
[●]](Insert details for all applicable Classes) 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
[●] 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●]] 
 
[(ii) 
Class: 
[●]](Insert details for all applicable Classes) 
 
[(iii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Trade Date: 
[●] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 342 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
342 
 
[No interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes] 
[Change of Interest Basis applies to the Notes, in 
respect of which see paragraph 13 below] 
(Further particulars specified in the “Provisions Relating 
to Interest (if any) Payable” section below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount] 
[Instalment] 
11 
[Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by the 
Board on or around the Issue Date.] (Only relevant 
where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular Tranche of Notes) 
12 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Applicable, insert further particulars regarding the 
Interest Periods for which each of Fixed and Floating 
Rates apply) 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify 
the Interest Period(s) to which Fixed Rate applies) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/ in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”][/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) [Interest Amount: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
(v) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]

--- Page 343 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
343 
 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify 
the Interest Period(s) to which Floating Rate applies) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate Determination][, 
provided that the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
shall be subject to the [Minimum Rate of Interest] [and] 
[Maximum Rate of Interest] set out below]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(v) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-]/[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00]/[[●]] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[Not Applicable][●]  
(Specify relevant party only where ISDA Determination 
is not specified above) 
 
(ix) [ISDA 
Determination: 
(only 
include 
where 
ISDA 
Determination applies) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[●]] 
 
 
– Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event: 
[As at the Issue Date, a Reference Rate Event has not 
occurred in respect of [Insert name of Floating Rate 
Option]] / [As at the Issue Date, a Reference Rate 
Event has already occurred in respect of [Insert 
name of Floating Rate Option], which means that the 
Calculation Agent will seek to apply the provisions 
of the Master Conditions to identify a replacement. 
Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) will apply 
with effect from the Issue Date until a replacement is 
identified]

--- Page 344 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
344 
 
 
(x) [Screen Rate Determination:] 
(only include where Screen 
Rate applies) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month] 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR]/[Compounded Daily €STR]/[Compounded Daily 
SARON] 
[For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means [specify] 
(Delete if Index Determination is applicable in respect of 
either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR)]  
 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR. 
Otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
– 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[●]/[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[TARGET2 
Business Days]/[Zurich Banking Days] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR. Otherwise 
specify Not Applicable. Note that there must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify if the Screen Rate 
is either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR) 
 
(xi) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Cut-off Date: 
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xiv) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to] fall on 
[●] (Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]  
(This should be Applicable where there are short or long 
Interest Periods) 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 345 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
345 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xvi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
(Specify 
one of the following 
if 
Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as Applicable) 
[[Second London Banking Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA) 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date and 
Relevant Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] (Applicable in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA where Index Determination applies) 
[Second U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date] 
(Applicable in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR) 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] (Applicable 
in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR where Index 
Determination applies) 
[Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the 
case of Compounded Daily €STR) 
[Second Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period 
End 
Date] 
(Applicable 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Compounded Daily SARON)] 
 
(xvii) Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
[Reference 
Rate 
Modification: 
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate]] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Amount Payable: 
[●] 
17 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]  
18 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
19 
Default Interest: 
[As per Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of 
Interest)]/[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 346 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
346 
 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
20 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal 
amount of an issue of [●] of [insert description of the 
underlying assets] identified below]/[the following assets 
(each, a “Collateral Component”) in the respective 
weightings (each, a “Weighting”) specified below] 
(Include where Collateral Basket Product Supplement is 
specified): 
 
 
Original Collateral Obligor: 
[●] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Nature of the Business: 
[●] 
 
 
[Listed on the following 
stock exchanges/Admitted 
to trading on the following 
regulated market or 
equivalent third country 
market or SME growth 
market: 
[●]] (Delete this item 
unless Notes are 
admitted to trading on an 
EEA regulated market)  
 
 
Asset: 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Markets on which 
Original Collateral 
is admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[Documentation:] 
[●] (Where the Notes are 
admitted to trading on an 
EEA regulated market 
and 
the 
Original 
Collateral is admitted to 
trading 
on 
an 
EEA 
regulated market, insert 
link to publicly available 
offering document of the 
Original 
Collateral. 
Otherwise, delete)]

--- Page 347 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
347 
 
 
 
[Weighting: 
[●]] (Include where more 
than 
one 
Collateral 
Component is specified) 
 
 
(Include additional Collateral Components are required 
where Collateral Basket Product Supplement is 
specified) 
The Issuer is expected to purchase [the Collateral 
Components comprising] (Insert where Collateral Basket 
Product Supplement is specified) the Original Collateral 
from the Vendor on or around the Issue Date pursuant to 
the securities sale provisions contained within the Issue 
Deed entered into between the parties on the Issue 
Date. 
 
– 
Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date: 
[Initial Trade Date]/[●] 
 
 
(ii) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Swap Counterparty: 
[Credit Suisse International]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[See Schedule 1 (Credit Support Annex) to these Issue 
Terms for a description of certain elections applying in 
respect of the Credit Support Annex] (If applicable, 
include Schedule 1 to these Issue Terms) 
 
(v) Original Collateral Substitution: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
New Collateral Criteria: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Physical Settlement][As 
specified in the applicable Product Supplement]  
22 
Collateral Event: 
(Include all of the following that are applicable)  
[Original Collateral Call] 
[Original Collateral Default] 
[Original Collateral Non-Call Event] 
[Original Collateral Payment Failure] 
[Original Collateral Conversion] 
[Currency Redenomination Event] 
23 
[Early Redemption Notification 
Period: 
[As per Master Conditions][●]]  
24 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25 
Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
– Trigger Level: 
[●]

--- Page 348 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
348 
 
26 
Original Collateral Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
27 
Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
28 
Redemption by Instalments: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment Dates 
relating to Notes that are redeemed by instalment)] 
29 
[Independent Class Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable: [●]] (Specify whether applicable to specific 
Classes or events only)]/[Not Applicable]](Delete this 
paragraph if Classes do not apply) 
30 
Early Cash Redemption Amount: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
31 
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option] (This 
should always be Cash Settlement where Classes are 
applicable) 
PRODUCT SUPPLEMENTS AND ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS 
32 
Applicable Product Supplement: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement] 
[CLN Conditions Product Supplement] 
[Collateral Basket Product Supplement] 
33 
Pass-Through Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Pass-Through Fee Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
 
(ii) Number of Reference Business 
Days: 
[●] 
34 
Collateral Basket Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Collateral 
Basket 
Unwind 
Mechanics: 
[Full Unwind] 
[Partial Unwind] 
[Partial Unwind with Shortfall] 
 
(ii) [Collateral Exhaustion Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is not applicable) 
[CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
35 
(i) 
CLN Type: 
[Single Name CLN]/[First-to-Default Basket 
CLN]/[Linear Basket CLN]/[First Default Linear Basket 
CLN]/[Index Linked CLN]/[Other] 
 
(ii) Credit 
Event 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Auction Redemption]/[Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
 
- 
Fallback Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash Redemption]/[Other] 
 
- 
Fixed Recovery 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
[- 
Index: 
[Specify Index Name]] 
 
- 
Annex Date; 
[Specify Series and Version] (Only applicable for Index 
Linked CLNs)

--- Page 349 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
349 
 
 
(iii) Trade Date: 
Initial Trade Date/[●] 
 
(iv) Reference Entit[y][ies][, 
Weighting 
and 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (Insert 
Weighting 
and 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount for 
Basket CLNs)]: 
[Specify][Bloomberg ticker [●]] 
 
 
[Name: 
[●] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Listed on the following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted to 
trading on the following 
regulated market, 
equivalent third country 
market or SME growth 
market: 
[●]] (Delete these items, 
unless Notes are admitted to 
trading on an EEA regulated 
market. Repeat required for 
each Reference Entity 
unless basket has more 
than 5 Reference Entities) 
 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[[Senior Level][Subordinated Level]] (Insert for Single 
Name CLNs) 
 
 
[(Insert below table for Basket CLNs) 
 
 
Reference 
Entity: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
 
(v) Standard Reference 
Obligation[s]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
below only if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply for a Reference Entity 
where no Standard Reference Obligation has been 
published on or prior to the Trade Date.

--- Page 350 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
350 
 
 
(vi) Reference Obligation[s]: 
[Specify Reference Obligation(s)] (For CLNs where 
Standard Reference Obligation is Not Applicable, or is 
Applicable but no Standard Reference Obligation has 
been published on or prior to the Trade Date and the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
required, insert the Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
[- 
Additional Obligation[s]: 
[Specify Additional Obligation(s)] (Only applicable where 
the “Transaction Type” is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” for a Reference 
Entity)]  
 
(vii) Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify]/[As per the 
Additional CLN Conditions] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
 
(viii) Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation 
Only][Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only)] [As 
set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
- 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
[Select all that apply]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(ix) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations 
Only][Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only)]

--- Page 351 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
351 
 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Domestic Currency” in the Additional CLN 
Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity [of [●] years (Specify if default is not 
to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable for 
each Reference Entity other than those determined by 
reference to Obligation Category and Obligation 
Characteristics]]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
- 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(x) Outstanding Principal Balance 
Fallback Discounting: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(xii) Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
352 
 
 
(xiii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [ or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of 
the relevant failure to pay]  
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Additional CLN 
Conditions]] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [Note that the default 
position under the Additional CLN Conditions is for a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information to apply. 
Specify “Not Applicable” if otherwise] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Additional 
CLN Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Additional 
CLN Conditions]] 
 
- 
Postponement Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Postponement Rate: 
[Specify] (Delete line if Postponement Interest is not 
applicable)] 
 
(xiv) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable as Fallback Method][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions][Specify]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Additional CLN Conditions] 
 
- 
Indicative Quotation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
353 
 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Specify][As per the Master Conditions] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Master Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest]/[As per Additional CLN Condition 7(b)(ii)(c)] 
 
(xv) Credit Liquidation Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Credit Liquidation Period: 
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]/[Specify] 
 
- 
Number of Quotations: 
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]/[Specify]] 
(Delete where Credit Linked Notes are not applicable) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISPOSAL AGENT 
36 
Disposal Agent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. In addition, the provisions in the 
Conditions relating to Disposal Agent, Liquidation, 
Liquidate, 
Liquidated, 
Liquidating, 
Liquidation 
Commencement Notice, Liquidation Default, Liquidation 
Event and/or Relevant Payment Date, including, without 
limitation, Master Conditions 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right 
following Liquidation Event), 11(c) (Disposal Agent 
appointment, 
termination 
and 
replacement)), 
13 
(Liquidation) and 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation) shall not apply hereto) 
 
(i) 
Disposal Agent: 
[Credit Suisse International]/[Specify name and address] 
 
(ii) Liquidation: 
As per Master Conditions 
 
– 
Liquidation Parameters: 
[Not Applicable]/[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(iii) Quotation Dealers:  
[As per (Specify if specific Quotation Dealers should be 
used) Master Condition 1 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)] [Specify if other]  
 
(iv) Disposal Agent Fee: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(If yes, specify fee) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
37 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Bearer or Registered: 
[Bearer Notes: 
Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
354 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Certificate other than Global Certificates] (where 
Classes apply, specify that separate certificate in respect 
of each Class of Notes) 
 
 
[Global Certificate [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Certificates in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Certificate]] 
 
(ii) The Issuer intends to permit 
indirect interests in the Notes to 
be held through the CREST 
Depositary Interests to be 
issued through the CREST 
Depositary: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
38 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(When dealing with Bearer Notes, TEFRA C should 
apply unless instructed otherwise.) 
39 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
40 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●].] 
41 
Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET Settlement Day]/[place(s)] 
42 
Reference Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
43 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
 
(ii) Custodian: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
 
(iii) Disposal Agent: 
See paragraph 36(i) above 
 
(iv) Trustee: 
[HSBC 
Corporate 
Trustee 
Company 
(UK) 
Limited]/[Insert name and Specified Office of Institution] 
 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified Office of 
institution]

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
355 
 
 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
 
(vii) Registrar: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified Office of 
institution] 
 
(viii) [Transfer Agent(s): 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[Insert name and Specified Office of 
institution]] 
 
(ix) [Listing Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]] 
44 
Ratings Downgrade: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rating Downgrade Trigger for 
Standard and Poor’s: 
[As per Master Condition 11(d) (Replacement of 
Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a 
Ratings Downgrade)]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) Rating Downgrade Trigger for 
Moody’s: 
[As per Master Condition 11(d) (Replacement of 
Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a 
Ratings Downgrade)]/[Specify if other] 
45 
Section 871(m):  
(CS Legal should be consulted 
where applicable) 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes (without 
regard to any other transactions) should not be treated 
as transactions that are subject to U.S. withholding tax 
under Section 871(m)]/[The Issuer has determined that 
the Notes should be treated as transactions that are 
subject to U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m)] 
46 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]] 
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the 
Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
(b) the Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” 
products and a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) will be prepared; 
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes 
may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) 
a KID required by the PRIIPs Regulation will not be 
prepared.)] 
47 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]] 
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the 
Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
(b) the Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” 
products and a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) will be 
prepared;  
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes 
may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) 
a KID required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation will not be 
prepared.)

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
356 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
48 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s)] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable 
49 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name]

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
357 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on [the Global 
Exchange Market]/[the Regulated Market.]] / 
[Application has been made to [●] (specific other 
market) for the Notes to be admitted to the official 
list and trading on [●] (specific other market)].] / 
[The Notes will not be listed.]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
(Only include where the Notes are being listed) 
2 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:] 
 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 2. If conflicts have been discussed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were 
disclosed.) 
3 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES:] 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks, include 
those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) [Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) [Estimated total expenses: 
[●]] 
4 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[●] 
 
[WKN: 
[●]]

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN  
ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
358 
 
 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.] 
[CREST] 
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means simply that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this text 
if “yes” selected, in which case Bearer Notes must 
be issued in NGN form)] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Issue Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)](include this text for registered notes). 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] (Include this text if “no” is 
selected)]

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS 
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX 
This Schedule highlights selected elections made in the Credit Support Annex forming part of the 
Swap Agreement. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the detailed provisions 
of the Credit Support Annex. 
[Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, a [●] valuation will be performed by the Swap 
Counterparty (in its capacity as Valuation Agent) as to the Exposure (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) under the Swap Agreement, whereupon (subject to certain thresholds being met, as set out 
below) a party may be required to transfer Eligible Credit Support (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) to the other party as credit support in order to collateralise any such Exposure. Such Eligible 
Credit Support may, at the option of the Swap Counterparty where it is required to transfer the same 
to the Issuer, comprise [●]. 
The Valuation Percentage (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) for [Eligible Credit Support 
transferred as credit support is [●] per cent.]. This means that the minimum value of Eligible Credit 
Support required to be transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer will be [greater][less] than 
the corresponding Exposure of the Issuer (at around [●] per cent.). 
The amount of credit support required to be transferred by the Transferor (as defined in the Credit 
Support Annex) under the Credit Support Annex in respect of a Valuation Date (as defined in the 
Credit Support Annex) will depend on the Transferee’s Exposure to the Transferor under the Swap 
Agreement and the value of any existing Credit Support Balance (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) held by the Transferee, as determined by the Swap Counterparty (in its capacity as Valuation 
Agent) in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex. 
All valuations will be by reference to the Base Currency under the Credit Support Annex, being [●]. 
To the extent that the value of any existing Credit Support Balance held by a party exceeds that 
party’s Exposure to the other party, then such party may be obliged to return any excess credit support 
to the other party in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.] 
(Amend as necessary or delete this Schedule 1 to the Issue Terms if Credit Support Annex is Not 
Applicable)

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
Registered Office of the Irish Issuer 
Registered Office of the Dutch Issuer 
Argentum Securities Ireland plc 
Block A, Georges Quay Plaza 
Georges Quay 
Dublin 2  
Ireland 
Platinum Securities Netherlands B.V. 
Prins Bernhardplein 200 
1097 JB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Trustee 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Custodian, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Arranger, Dealer, Disposal Agent and Calculation Agent 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Legal Advisers 
to Credit Suisse International 
in respect of the laws of the 
Netherlands  
 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam
Tower H, 22nd Floor 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
to Credit Suisse International 
and the Trustee in respect of 
English law  
 
Linklaters LLP  
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ  
United Kingdom 
 
to the Irish Issuer in respect of 
Irish law 
 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Listing Agent 
in the case of Notes admitted to the Official List 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
A44576570