--- Page 1 ---
1
Base Prospectus
ARGENTUM CAPITAL S.A.
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with its 
registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the 
RCS Luxembourg under number B182715 and subject to the Securitisation Act 2004)
ASCENT FINANCE LIMITED
(an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability, with its 
registered office at the offices of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand 
Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands)
Secured Note Programme
Prospective investors should be aware that, in respect of Ascent Finance Limited, this document does not constitute a base prospectus as 
contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has not approved this document as a base prospectus in respect 
of Ascent Finance Limited and no application has been made for Notes issued by Ascent Finance Limited under its Programme to be admitted
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market or to any other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
In addition, no application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued by Ascent Finance Limited under its Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange Market. Any references to “Cayman Issuer” or “Cayman 
Company” in this document shall be ignored for purposes of the Central Bank of Ireland and the Euronext Dublin’s approvals.
Notes will be issued by Ascent Finance Limited under its Programme on terms set out in a Series Memorandum only. References to “Series 
Prospectus” or “Final Terms” shall not apply in respect of Notes issued by Ascent Finance Limited, and references to “Issuer” in a Series 
Prospectus or the Final Terms shall only refer to Argentum Capital S.A., acting in respect of a compartment.
Argentum Capital S.A. (the “Luxembourg Company”) is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited liability company) 
under the laws of Luxembourg (Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended) and has the status of an authorised 
securitisation undertaking under the Securitisation Act 2004 and is supervised by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”).
Ascent Finance Limited (the “Cayman Company”) is an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability.
References in this Base Prospectus to “the Company” refers to each of the Luxembourg Company and the Cayman Company (as applicable), in respect 
of each of their respective Programmes (as defined below). The relevant Company shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of a Series 
of Notes.
This Base Prospectus gives information on each Company and each Company’s programme (in each case, the “Programme”) for the issuance of 
secured notes (“Notes”). Each Company has established its Programme by entering into a programme deed, as amended and restated from time to 
time (in each case, the “Programme Deed”). Under the Programme, each Company may from time to time issue series (each, a “Series”) of Notes, in 
one or more classes (each, a “Class”) and tranches (each, a “Tranche”).
Notes may be issued by the Luxembourg Issuer under its Programme on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
prepared in connection with such Tranche for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Final Terms”). In addition, Notes may be 
issued by the Luxembourg Issuer under its Programme on terms set out in a prospectus relating to the Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or 
any part of this Base Prospectus (a “Series Prospectus”) in respect of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (as defined 
below) or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area.
Notes which are not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange may also be issued by each of 
the Luxembourg Issuer and the Cayman Company (the “Cayman Issuer”) under their respective Programmes by way of a series memorandum (the 
“Series Memorandum”). A Series Memorandum and a Series Prospectus shall each constitute an “Alternative Drawdown Document”. For the 
avoidance of doubt, only Notes (i) issued by the Luxembourg Issuer and (ii) to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or other regulated 
markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area may be issued by way of 
Series Prospectus. Notes that are not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange shall be issued 
by way of Series Memorandum.
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes may be issued by the Cayman Issuer under its Programme on terms set out in a Series Memorandum only.
The liability of each Company in respect of its Programme and any relevant Notes is separate in respect of each Series of Notes.
References to applicable Final Terms (in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer on such terms) in this Base Prospectus include only final 
terms pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
Under Luxembourg law, the Luxembourg Company’s assets and liabilities can be divided into “Compartments” (as defined herein under “Overview of 
the Programme”). The Luxembourg Company acting in respect of one of its Compartments (the “Luxembourg Issuer”) will purchase assets and/or

--- Page 2 ---
2
enter into other contractual arrangements using the proceeds of issue of the Series of Notes, and those assets and the Luxembourg Issuer’s liabilities 
in respect of any one Series of Notes will be allocated to the Compartment created for that Series of Notes and will be segregated from the Luxembourg 
Company’s other assets and liabilities and from the assets and liabilities allocated to all other Compartments. The assets in the Compartment will be 
available exclusively to meet the Luxembourg Issuer’s obligations in respect of that Series of Notes, whether or not such Series comprises Classes, 
and may not be used by the Luxembourg Company to meet its obligations in respect of any other Series of Notes or any other obligations.
References in this Base Prospectus to “Issuer” are references to the Cayman Issuer in respect of a Series of Notes or the Luxembourg Issuer in respect 
of (and only to the extent of) each Compartment in respect of the Series of Notes created by it (as applicable). Such references specifically exclude 
any other Issuer and the relevant Issuer shall be specified in the Issue Terms in respect of a Series of Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, Notes may 
be issued by the Cayman Issuer under its Programme on terms set out in a Series Memorandum only, and accordingly references to “Series Prospectus” 
or “Final Terms” shall not apply in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer. References to “Issuer” in a Series Prospectus or Final Terms shall 
refer to the Luxembourg Issuer only. The liability of each Issuer is several and is separate in respect of each Series of Notes. An Issuer shall not be 
responsible for the obligations of the other Issuer under any Series of Notes created by such other Issuer. No security created by an Issuer shall benefit 
investors in Notes issued or sold by (or any other creditors of) the other Issuer or the Noteholders in any other Series created by such Issuer. No 
payments owed by or to an Issuer in respect of one Series may be set-off or netted against payments owed to or by that Issuer in respect of another 
Series or by or to the other Issuer.
In addition, each Series of Notes will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets allocated to a Compartment 
relating to such Series of Notes (in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer) or assets relating to such Series of Notes (in respect of the Cayman Issuer) as 
described in “Master Conditions – Condition 5 (Security)”. If the proceeds of liquidation of any available collateral, or of enforcement of the security, are 
not sufficient to meet all of its obligations in respect of the Series of Notes, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those 
proceeds. None of the assets of another Compartment (in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer), Series of Notes or any of the relevant Company’s other 
assets will be available to meet any shortfall.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, this Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. In respect of 
Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) for certain Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or other regulated markets for the purposes of 
MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes issued under the 
Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on 
Global Exchange Market (“GEM”). This document constitutes Base Listing Particulars (the “Base Listing Particulars”) for the purposes of such 
application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval by Euronext 
Dublin relates only to the Notes which are admitted to trading on the GEM.
In respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, this document shall constitute a programme memorandum (“Programme Memorandum”) for the 
purposes of issuing Notes which are not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such Notes may be listed on a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This document shall not 
constitute a base prospectus or base listing particulars in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer.
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or GEM and have been admitted to the Official List, unless the context 
requires otherwise.
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the Luxembourg Issuer for 12 months from 
its date. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges as 
may be agreed between the Luxembourg Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus for the 
relevant Notes. All Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer may be listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other market. The 
applicable Final Terms or, where an Alternative Drawdown Document is prepared (which shall be the case for Credit Linked Notes and Collateral Basket 
Notes), the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Alternative Drawdown Document (the Final Terms or such provisions of the Alternative 
Drawdown Document, as the case may be, the “Issue Terms”) in respect of the issue of any such Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to trading on GEM or any other stock exchange as may be agreed 
between the Luxembourg Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be 
issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus where (i) a public offering of the Notes is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) the Original Collateral is CS Original Collateral. 
Where any of (i) a public offering or distribution of the Notes is intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination of the Notes is less than €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) or (iii) the Original Collateral of the Notes is not CS Original Collateral, then a 
Series Prospectus will be required for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to trading

--- Page 3 ---
3
on GEM or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation to any 
Series Memorandum.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of a Series 
Memorandum under these Base Listing Particulars. For this purpose, references in these Base Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Issue Terms” 
and “Supplemental Prospectus(es)” shall be deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Series Memorandum” and “Listing Particulars 
Supplement(s)” respectively. Notes may also be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a series listing particulars relating to the Notes that 
incorporates by reference the whole or any part of these Base Listing Particulars.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, this Base Prospectus and, as the case may be, a Series Prospectus, may be filed in Switzerland 
with a review body (Prüfstelle) approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (“FINMA”) as a foreign prospectus that is deemed 
approved according to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) for entry on the list of approved prospectuses according to 
Article 64(5) FinSA, deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 FinSA. Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, 
the Luxembourg Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may make offers of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer to the public in Switzerland other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland (a “Swiss Non-exempt Offer”), 
in respect of which the Luxembourg Issuer shall complete and publish Final Terms or, as the case may be, a Series Prospectus. In accordance with 
Article 36(4)(b) FinSA, the Luxembourg Issuer consents, to the extent and under the conditions, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus, to the use of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus by any financial intermediary specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus under “Financial intermediaries granted specific consent to use the Base Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers” for a Swiss Non-exempt Offer on the basis of and in accordance with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus.
Either of the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) may also make offers of Notes in Switzerland pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or 
where such offers do not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, in respect of which the relevant Issuer shall complete, as applicable, Final Terms, a 
Series Prospectus or a Series Memorandum. The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are not subject to the supervision by the FINMA, and investors will not benefit from the 
specific investor protection under the CISA.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may include Bearer 
Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within 
the United States or to any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (b) not a Non-United States person 
(as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the 
extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations 
issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and, in 
particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that each Company is a special purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus 
does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes.
Readers of this Base Prospectus should have regard to the definitions set out in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)” herein. Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the meaning given to them in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)”.
Arranger and Dealer
CREDIT SUISSE INTERNATIONAL
23 May 2023

--- Page 4 ---
4
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, this Base Prospectus comprises a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving 
necessary information with regard to the Company and the Notes which, according to the particular nature 
and circumstances of the Company and type of Notes, is material to investors for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Company.
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the Company’s knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
The Company, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that, to the best of its knowledge, this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Company and the Notes that is material in the 
context of the issue and offering of the Notes, the statements contained in it relating to the Company are 
in every material aspect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in 
this Base Prospectus with regard to the Company are honestly held, have been reached after considering 
all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in relation 
to the Company or the Notes the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the 
Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and all reasonable 
enquiries have been made by the Company to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such 
information and statements.
The Company acknowledges that it may be possible for investors to hold indirect interests in certain Series 
of Notes through CREST through the issuance of dematerialised depository interests (“CDIs”). Any such 
CDIs will be independent securities constituted under English law and transferred through CREST and will 
be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto pursuant to a global deed poll dated 25 
June 2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated, the “CREST Deed Poll”).
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Company or any of the Arranger or the Dealer(s) 
(as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale of 
Notes made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Company since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Company since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under the applicable law.
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document and the 
offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, no action has 
been or will be taken by either Company, the Arranger, any Dealer(s), the Trustee or the Agents (save as, 
in the case of the Luxembourg Issuer, specified in the relevant Series Prospectus) which is intended to 
permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms nor any advertisement or other

--- Page 5 ---
5
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus and any Issue Terms comes are required by the relevant Company, the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s), the Trustee, and the Agents to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.
If the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” is applicable, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
such Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. Each Company and the Dealer(s) expressly disclaim 
any responsibility for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA.
If the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify that “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” is applicable, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available at 
any time to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Each Company and the Dealer(s) expressly disclaim any responsibility 
for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may include 
Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold 
or, in the case of Bearer Notes delivered within the United States or to any person who is (a) a U.S. person 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (b) not a Non-United States person (as defined in 
Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons) 
or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus in the United States, Switzerland, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong, the Cayman Islands and Japan, see “Subscription and 
Sale”.

--- Page 6 ---
6
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any of the 
Companies, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or the Agents to subscribe for, or purchase, any 
Notes.
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Swap Counterparties, the Trustee or the Agents have separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Swap 
Counterparties, the Trustee or the Agents makes any representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the Notes, the Transaction Documents 
(including the effectiveness thereof) or for the contents of, or make any representation, recommendation 
or warranty, express or implied regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of 
any of the information in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms or applicable Alternative Drawdown 
Document (as applicable) or any notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection 
with the Notes and none of them accepts any liability therefor. None of the Dealer(s), the Arranger, the 
Swap Counterparties, the Trustee or the Agents accepts any responsibility for any other statement made 
or purported to be made by a Dealer, the Arranger, a Swap Counterparty, the Trustee or an Agent or on 
its behalf in connection with a Company or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s), the Swap Counterparties, the Trustee and the Agents accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have 
in respect of any Notes, any Transaction Documents or this Base Prospectus or any such statement.
Prospective purchasers of Notes should have regard to the factors described under the section entitled 
“Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Companies, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or the Agents that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes.
Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding 
the Company, the security arrangements and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should have sufficient knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms 
and the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee, or the Agents undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of either Company during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the term of any Notes issued nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or the Agents. The risk factors 
identified in this Base Prospectus are provided as general information only and the Arranger, the Dealer(s), 
the Trustee and the Agents disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and 
investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from 
time to time alter.
Cayman Islands Data Protection. The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act 
(Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the “DPA”) on 18 May 2017. The DPA came into force on 30 September 
2019. The DPA introduces legal requirements for the Issuer based on internationally accepted principles 
of data privacy.
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Notes and the associated 
interactions with the Cayman Issuer and its affiliates and/or third party service providers, or by virtue of 
providing the Cayman Issuer with personal data on individuals connected with the investor (including but 
not limited to directors, trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial 
owners or agents) such individuals will be providing the Cayman Issuer and its affiliates and/or third party

--- Page 7 ---
7
service providers (including, without limitation, Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited (the “Cayman Corporate 
Services Provider”)) with certain personal data within the meaning of the DPA.
The Cayman Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or 
third party service providers, such as the Cayman Corporate Services Provider, will normally act as data 
processors. Where those affiliates or third party service providers make their own decisions regarding the 
processing of personal data they hold, in certain circumstances they may also be data controllers in their 
own right under the DPA.
By investing in the Notes, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have read in detail and understood the 
Privacy Notice set out below. This Notice provides an outline of the Noteholders data protection rights and 
obligations as they relate to their investment in the Notes.
Oversight and enforcement of the DPA is the responsibility of the Cayman Islands’ Ombudsman. Breach 
of the DPA by the Issuer could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, financial penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. The Ombudsman’s address is 
set out at the end of the Notice.
Privacy Notice
Introduction
The purpose of this Notice is to provide Noteholders with information on the Cayman Issuer’s use of their 
personal data in accordance with the DPA.
“Cayman Issuer” refers to the Cayman Issuer, the Cayman Corporate Services Provider and its or their 
affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.
If a Noteholder is a natural person, this Notice will apply to such Noteholder directly. If a Noteholder is a 
corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited 
partnerships) that provides the Cayman Issuer with personal data on individuals connected to such 
Noteholder for any reason in relation to such Noteholder’s investment with the Cayman Issuer, this Notice 
will be relevant for those individuals and such Noteholder should transmit the content of this Notice to such 
individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.
What Personal Data May be Collected
To make an investment in the Cayman Issuer and in connection with a Noteholder’s associated interactions 
with the Cayman Issuer (including any subscription (whether past, present of future), including the 
recording of electronic communications or phone calls where applicable) the Noteholder will provide the 
Cayman Issuer with certain personal data within the meaning of the DPA (“Investor Data”).
Investor Data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a Noteholder:

name;

residential address;

email address;

contact details;

corporate contact information;

signature, nationality;

place of birth;

date of birth;

--- Page 8 ---
8

tax identification;

credit history;

correspondence records;

passport number;

bank account details; and

source of funds details and details relating to the Noteholder’s investment activity.
The Noteholder may also provide the Cayman Issuer with personal data relating to individuals connected 
with the Noteholder as an investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, 
shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents).
The Cayman Issuer may also obtain Investor Data from other public sources.
Investor Data which the Issuer may generate

information to identify and authenticate the Noteholder;

investigations data, sanctions and anti-money laundering checks, content and metadata related to 
relevant exchanges of information between the Cayman Issuer and the Noteholder;

records of correspondence and other communications between the Cayman Issuer and Noteholder; 
and

records of any interactions between the Cayman Issuer and Noteholder including the recording of 
electronic communications or phone calls where applicable.
How the Issuer may use Investor Data
The Cayman Issuer, as the data controller, may collect, store and use Investor Data for lawful purposes, 
including, in particular:

where this is necessary for the performance of the Cayman Issuer’s rights and obligations under 
any subscription agreements or purchase agreements;

where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which the Cayman 
Issuer is subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); 
and/or

where this is necessary for the purposes of the Cayman Issuer’s legitimate business interests and 
such interests are not overridden by the Noteholder’s interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.
Additionally, the Cayman Corporate Services Provider may use Investor Data, for example to provide its 
services to the Cayman Issuer or to discharge the legal or regulatory requirements that apply directly to it 
or in respect of which the Issuer relies upon the Cayman Corporate Services Provider, but such use of 
Investor Data by the Cayman Corporate Services Provider will always be compatible with at least one of 
the aforementioned purposes.
Should the Cayman Issuer wish to use Investor Data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, 
any purpose that requires a Noteholder’s consent), the Issuer will contact the applicable Noteholders.
Why the Cayman Issuer May Transfer Investor Data
In certain circumstances the Cayman Issuer and/or its authorized affiliates or third party service providers 
may be legally obliged to share Investor Data and other information with respect to a Noteholder’s interest 
in the Cayman Issuer with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary

--- Page 9 ---
9
Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign 
authorities, including tax authorities.
The Cayman Issuer anticipates disclosing Investor Data to the Cayman Corporate Services Provider and 
others who provide services to the Cayman Issuer and their respective affiliates (which may include certain 
entities located outside the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process a 
Noteholder’s personal data on the Cayman Issuer’s behalf. Therefore, Investor Data may be transferred 
to countries outside Cayman which may have data protection laws and regulations that differ from the 
DPA.
Protection and Storage of Investor Data
Any transfer of Investor Data by the Cayman Issuer or its duly authorized affiliates and/or third party service 
providers outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA.
The Cayman Issuer and its duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical 
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful 
processing of Investor Data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Investor Data.
The Cayman Issuer shall notify a Noteholder of any Investor Data breach that is reasonably likely to result 
in a risk to the interests, fundamental rights or freedoms of a Noteholder or those data subjects to whom 
the relevant Investor Data relates.
Data Subject Rights
Subject to local law, data subjects may have certain rights regarding Investor Data that the Cayman Issuer 
has collected.
The data subject’s ability to exercise these rights will depend on a number of factors and in some instances, 
the Cayman Issuer will not be able to comply with the request, for example because it has legitimate 
grounds for not doing so or where the right doesn’t apply to the particular Investor Data held.
How to Contact Us
If a data subject would like to contact the Issuer regarding this Notice it should send an email to
Rhona.Sambula@intertrustgroup.com, copying cayman.spvinfo@intertrustgroup.com. In each case, the 
data subject should include as the subject or heading line “Privacy Notice”.
Complaints
Data subjects may have the right to complain to the data protection authority/regulator, as applicable, in 
the Noteholder’s jurisdiction.
The Office of the Ombudsman in the Cayman Islands can be contacted at:
Address: 5th Floor, Anderson Square, 64 Shedden Road, George Town, Grand Cayman
By mail to: PO Box 2252, Grand Cayman KY1-1107, CAYMAN ISLANDS
Email: info@ombudsman.ky
Telephone: +1 345 946 6283
The Noteholder may also have the right to make a complaint to a regulator based in another jurisdiction.

--- Page 10 ---
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ...............................................................................................12
RISK FACTORS.............................................................................................................................30
DISCLAIMERS...............................................................................................................................79
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ..............................................................................................83
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .........................................................................................................102
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................105
MASTER CONDITIONS................................................................................................................106
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT .........................................................225
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT..............................................................................227
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
............................................................................................................................................285
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT.......................................................................300
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM....................310
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS.........................................................................................315
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................317
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY .....................................................................318
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY...............................................325
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN COMPANY...............................................................................329
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE INTERNATIONAL AS SWAP COUNTERPARTY.....................332
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS LONDON BRANCH AS SWAP 
COUNTERPARTY ................................................................................................................333
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS SINGAPORE BRANCH AS SWAP 
COUNTERPARTY ................................................................................................................334
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL.............................................................................................................335
THE SWAP AGREEMENT............................................................................................................336
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS .....................................................................................................340
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................341
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.........................................................................................................346
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.................354
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS.........................................355
GENERAL INFORMATION...........................................................................................................360
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS......................................................................................362

--- Page 11 ---
11
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT .........377
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX.............................................405

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
12
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Series of Notes, the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Master Conditions, in which event, a new Base 
Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme (in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer 
only, for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation).
The following is an overview of the Secured Note Programme pursuant to which each Issuer may issue 
Notes. This overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Issuer may, pursuant to Condition 6(a) (Restrictions) (and in the case of 
the Luxembourg Issuer, subject to and only to the extent permitted by the Securitisation Act 2004), from 
time to time also enter into Obligations in the form of loans or other obligations on the terms set out in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Alternative Drawdown Document prepared in connection with such 
Obligation. This Base Prospectus refers throughout to Notes and does not specifically refer to other 
Obligations. However, in respect of any Obligations entered into by the Issuer (in the form of loans or 
otherwise), all references herein to Notes should be construed as being references not only to such Notes 
but also as being references to such other types of Obligation or Obligations that may be entered into or 
issued by the Issuer. In addition, references to Noteholders should be construed as being to a holder or 
counterparty to such Obligation or Obligations, references to Conditions and/or Issue Terms shall be to 
the terms of the documentation provided in respect of that Obligation or Obligations at the time of entry or 
issue and other concepts or defined terms relating to Notes shall be read and construed in the context of 
the relevant Obligation or Obligations. The terms of, and further information in respect of, any other 
Obligation entered into by the Issuer pursuant to this Programme will be provided in the documentation 
relating thereto.
PARTIES
The Company:
The Luxembourg Company or the Cayman Company.
If there is no Company specified as applicable for a Series in 
the relevant Issue Terms, references in this Base Prospectus 
to “Company” shall be ignored or shall be construed as 
references to relevant “Issuer” as the context requires.
The Issuer:
The Luxembourg Issuer or the Cayman Issuer.
References in this Base Prospectus to the “Issuer” are 
references to the relevant Issuer in respect of (and only to 
the extent of) each Compartment in respect of the Series of 
Notes (in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer) or Series of 
Notes (in respect of the Cayman Issuer) (as applicable) 
created by it and such references specifically exclude any 
other Issuer.
Luxembourg Company:
Argentum 
Capital 
S.A., 
a 
special
purpose vehicle 
incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited liability 
company) under the laws of Luxembourg (Luxembourg law 
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended) 
and has the status of an authorised securitisation

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
13
undertaking under the Securitisation Act 2004 and is 
registered with the RCS under number B182715 and 
supervised by the CSSF.
Luxembourg Company’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI):
635400KVM2W97YKRGY86
Luxembourg Issuer:
The Luxembourg Company acting in respect of one of its 
Compartments. Information relating to the Luxembourg 
Issuer is contained in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Description of the Luxembourg Company”.
Compartments:
A separate compartment will be created by the board of 
directors of the Luxembourg Company (the “Luxembourg 
Board”) in respect of each Series of Notes to be issued by 
the Luxembourg Issuer (each a “Compartment”). A 
Compartment is a separate part of the Luxembourg 
Company’s assets and liabilities. The assets allocated to a 
Compartment are in principle exclusively available to satisfy 
the rights of the holders of the relevant Series of Notes and 
the rights of the creditors whose claims have arisen as a 
result of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of the 
Compartment, as contemplated by the Luxembourg Articles.
Cayman Company:
Ascent 
Finance 
Limited is an exempted company 
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with 
limited liability. The Cayman Company was incorporated on 
15 November 2018 under the laws of the Cayman Islands, 
with registration number 345050.
Cayman Company’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI):
549300G7PLQXCAR26C38
Cayman Issuer:
The Cayman Company. Information relating to the Cayman 
Issuer is contained in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Description of the Cayman Company”.
Arranger:
Credit Suisse International.
Dealer(s):
Credit Suisse International, either in respect of one or more 
Series or Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
Dealers in respect of one or more Series, if so specified in 
the Issue Terms.
Vendor:
Credit Suisse International or, if different, the entity specified 
in the relevant Issue Deed that confirms in the relevant Issue 
Deed its appointment to act as vendor.
Trustee:
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
Issuing and Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. The Issuer 
may from time to time with the approval of the Trustee and in 
accordance with the Conditions vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent and appoint 
additional or other Issuing and Paying Agent(s).

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
14
Collateral Administrator:
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. The Issuer 
may appoint the Collateral Administrator in respect of one or 
more Series or Tranches, if so specified in the Issue Deed.
The Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee and in accordance with the Conditions vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Collateral Administrator and 
appoint additional or other Collateral Administrator(s).
Custodian:
With respect to the Luxembourg Issuer, The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch.
With respect to the Cayman Issuer, The Bank of New York
Mellon, London Branch.
Each Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee and in accordance with the Conditions vary or 
terminate the appointment of the relevant Custodian and 
appoint additional or other Custodian(s). For the avoidance 
of doubt, each Custodian appointed by the Luxembourg 
Issuer must have its Specified Office in Luxembourg.
References in this Base Prospectus to “the Custodian” shall 
be to the Custodian in respect of the relevant Issuer and 
Series.
Paying Agent:
With respect to the Luxembourg Issuer only, The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch.
With respect to the Cayman Issuer only, each entity specified 
as an “Additional Paying Agent” in the Issue Terms in respect 
of the relevant Series.
Each Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee and in accordance with the Conditions vary or 
terminate the appointment of the relevant Paying Agent (if 
applicable) and appoint additional or other Paying Agent(s).
References in this Base Prospectus to “the Paying Agent” or 
“the Paying Agents” shall be to the Paying Agent(s) in 
respect of the relevant Issuer and Series.
Registrar and Transfer Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
The Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the 
Trustee and in accordance with the Conditions vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Registrar and Transfer 
Agent and appoint additional or other Registrar(s) and/or 
Transfer Agent(s).
Swap Agreement and Swap 
Counterparty(ies):
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into 
a swap agreement substantially on the terms described in 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “The Swap 
Agreement” (a “Swap Agreement”). The Swap Agreement 
may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provide for 
collateralisation by way of a credit support annex by either or 
both of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty of their 
respective obligations under the Swap Agreement.
With respect to the Luxembourg Issuer only, the Swap 
Counterparty will be Credit Suisse International or Credit

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
15
Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
With respect to the Cayman Issuer only, the Swap 
Counterparty will be Credit Suisse International, Credit 
Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch, or Credit 
Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.
Where no Swap Agreement is entered into in relation to a 
Series of Notes, references in this Base Prospectus to the 
Swap Agreement and the Swap Counterparty shall not be 
applicable with respect to that Series of Notes.
References to “the Swap Counterparty” shall be to the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series.
Repurchase Agreement:
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into 
a repurchase agreement (a “Repurchase Agreement”), the 
details of which will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.
Securities Lending Agreement:
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into 
a securities lending agreement (a “Securities Lending 
Agreement”), the details of which will be set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms.
Disposal Agent:
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Disposal Agent will be Credit Suisse International. The Issuer 
may from time to time with the approval of the Trustee 
(except that the approval of the Trustee shall not be required 
for the appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent where 
Noteholders direct the Issuer to appoint such replacement 
pursuant to the Conditions) and in accordance with the 
Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the Disposal 
Agent under the Programme or appoint additional Disposal 
Agent(s).
Calculation Agent:
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will be Credit Suisse International. The 
Issuer may from time to time with the approval of the Trustee 
(except that the approval of the Trustee shall not be required 
for the appointment of a replacement Calculation Agent 
where Noteholders direct the Issuer to appoint such 
replacement pursuant to the Conditions) and in accordance 
with the Conditions vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Calculation Agent under the Programme or appoint 
additional Calculation Agent(s).
The Calculation Agent is responsible for making a number of 
determinations in respect of the Notes under the Master 
Conditions, including without limitation, the following:
(i)
determining (if applicable) the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount 
and the interest amount payable under the Notes (if 
any) in accordance with the Conditions;

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
16
(ii)
determining whether (if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms) a Collateral Event, Trigger Event, 
Regulatory Event, Reference Rate Event, Original 
Collateral Disruption Event or Additional Redemption 
Event has occurred in accordance with the Conditions;
(iii)
determining whether or not to suspend payments of 
interest and/or principal under the Notes on account of 
a potential Collateral Event; and
(iv)
determining whether or not a Sanctions Event has 
occurred, the Sanctions Event End Date and amounts 
payable by the Issuer following the Sanctions Event 
End Date.
See the “Annex to the CLN Conditions Product Supplement 
Frequently Asked Questions” for a brief overview of the 
determinations which the Calculation Agent is responsible for 
in relation to Credit Linked Notes.
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE NOTES
Status of Notes:
Each Series of Notes will be (i) secured, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, (ii) if the Issuer is the 
Luxembourg Issuer, subject to the Securitisation Act 2004; 
(iii) if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, subject to the 
Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
“Cayman Companies Act”), and (iv) secured in the manner 
described in Master Condition 5 (Security). Recourse in 
respect of any Series will be limited to the Mortgaged 
Property for that Series. Claims of Noteholders, the relevant 
Swap Counterparty, the relevant Custodian, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, any of the Paying Agents and any other 
Secured Creditor shall rank in accordance with the priorities 
specified in Master Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds) as it may 
be amended by the relevant Issue Deed.
Classes:
Each Series of Notes may comprise different Classes of 
Notes. Where Classes are applicable, all Classes shall be 
treated as a single Series and the Notes of each Class shall 
rank pari passu and without any preference amongst 
themselves.
Restrictions:
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Company will 
not, without the consent of the Trustee and each relevant 
Swap Counterparty engage in any business other than the 
issuance or entry into of bonds, notes or other securities or 
the entry into of loans or other agreements for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money, subject to, if the Issuer is 
the Luxembourg Issuer, the provisions of the Securitisation 
Act 2004 and the articles of incorporation of the Luxembourg 
Company, or if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, within the 
limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the constitutional 
documents of the Cayman Issuer, and provided always that

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
17
such obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other 
than the Issuer’s share capital and those assets securing any 
other obligations of the Issuer and that they are entered into 
on a limited recourse and non-petition basis.
In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other 
restrictions including without limitation, that it will not, without 
the consent of the Trustee and each relevant Swap 
Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries 
or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire 
any real property, consolidate or merge with any other 
person, convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entity to any person (other than as 
contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any further shares.
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue 
by a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) 
such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and 
are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “U.S. TEFRA Compliance” below), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Global Note”). Registered Notes will be 
represented by certificates (each a “Certificate”), one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes of one or more tranches of 
the same Series are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
These may be registered in the name of a nominee for one 
or more clearing systems.
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition:
The Notes comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer.
In respect of a Series, the Transaction Parties, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse 
only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series, 
subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of 
the Issuer.
If after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series 
is exhausted, whether following liquidation or enforcement of 
the Security or otherwise, and (ii) application of the proceeds 
derived from the Mortgaged Property as provided in Master 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds), any outstanding claim, debt or 
liability against the Issuer in respect of the Series or 
Transaction Documents relating to the Notes of such Series 
remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, 
as the case may be, shall be extinguished and the Issuer 
shall have no further obligation in respect thereof.

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
18
Following extinguishment in accordance with Master 
Condition 17(a) (General limited recourse), none of the 
Transaction Parties (save for the Trustee who may lodge a 
claim in liquidation of the Company which is initiated by 
another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer), the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or the persons acting on 
behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer, the Company or any of their officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect 
of the extinguished claim, debt or liability and the Issuer and 
the Company shall have no obligation to any such persons 
in respect of such further sum in respect of such Series. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or the persons acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person 
in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to 
the Issuer, the Company or any of their officers, 
shareholders, members, directors or incorporators or any of 
their assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising 
with respect to the assets or property attributable to any other 
notes issued by, or other Obligations entered into by, the 
Issuer.
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall 
survive maturity of the Notes and the expiration or 
termination of the agreements to which the Transaction 
Parties are party.
TERMS OF THE NOTES
Mortgaged Property:
The Notes of each Series will be secured in the manner set 
out in Master Condition 5 (Security), including:
(i)
in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, 
(i) a pledge of all of the Pledged Collateral held with the 
Custodian in respect of a Series and the relevant 
Compartment and the grant of a first ranking security 
interest (“gage de premier rang”) over such Pledged 
Collateral under Luxembourg law (the “Luxembourg 
Pledge”) and, to the extent that the relevant assets are 
not already secured pursuant to the Luxembourg 
Pledge; (ii) an assignment of the Luxembourg Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest relating to the Collateral; (iii) an 
assignment of the Luxembourg Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest against the Custodian and under the Agency 
Agreement to the extent they relate to the Collateral 
and/or the Notes; (iv) a charge over all sums held from 
time to time by the Issuing and Paying Agent insofar as 
such sums relate to that Series, together with (v) an 
assignment of the Luxembourg Issuer’s rights, title and

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
19
interest under the Swap Agreement relating to that 
Series; and
(ii)
in the case of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, (i) a 
first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, 
assets and sums derived therefrom and, to the extent 
that the relevant assets are not already secured 
pursuant to the fixed charge; (ii) an assignment of the 
Cayman Issuer’s rights, title and interest relating to the 
Collateral; (iii) an assignment of the Cayman Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest against the Custodian and under 
the Agency Agreement to the extent they relate to the 
Collateral and/or the Notes; (iv) a charge over all sums 
held from time to time by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
insofar as such sums relate to that Series, together with 
(v) an assignment of the Cayman Issuer’s rights, title 
and interest under the Swap Agreement relating to that 
Series.
Each Series may also be secured on such additional security 
as may be described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Security” are to the 
security constituted by the Trust Deed for the relevant Series 
and/or constituted by any other security documents in 
respect of the relevant Series.
Final Terms:
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market may only be issued by way of Final Terms 
under this Base Prospectus where (i) a public offering of the 
Notes is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes), and (iii) 
the Original Collateral is CS Original Collateral (as defined in 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Original 
Collateral”).
Alternative Drawdown Document:
The Original Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes will be 
as specified in the applicable Series Memorandum or, in the 
case of the Luxembourg Issuer only, the Series Prospectus, 
as the case may be.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s).
Specified Denomination:
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in accordance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, save that unless otherwise 
permitted by current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in British pound sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year whose issue constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
20
Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes of any maturity may be issued under the 
Programme.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series at a rate per annum expressed as a percentage 
equal to the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. The interest amount (if any) will, subject to the 
Conditions, be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series and, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, will be determined either (i) on the 
same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions (as applicable), as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or (ii) by reference to a relevant Screen 
Rate, in each case, subject to the Conditions and save as 
amended in the relevant Issue Terms. The interest amount 
(if any) will, subject to the Conditions, be payable in arrear 
on the date or dates in each year specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
Change of Interest Basis Notes:
Notes may be issued where the Interest Basis changes from 
Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or vice versa, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on the Interest Period(s) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest, unless payment under the Notes due on the due 
date for redemption is improperly withheld or refused.
Non-Interest Bearing Notes:
Notes may be issued that do not bear interest.
Pass-Through Notes:
Interest payable on a Pass-Through Note will be equal to 
such Note’s pro rata share of each interest amount due and 
payable to the Issuer in respect of all Original Collateral (less 
any Pass-Through Fee Amount in respect of such Note 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will be 
payable two Reference Business Days following each date 
on which each such interest amount is due and payable.
Credit Linked Notes:
Credit Linked Notes may be issued in accordance with the 
Additional CLN Conditions. Such Notes are exposed to the 
credit risk of the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) and may 
redeem in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Event and a corresponding Event Determination Date, as 
further specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
21
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Credit 
Linked Notes are (a) Single Name CLNs; (b) Basket CLNs or 
(c) Index Linked CLNs (see the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “Annex to the CLN Conditions Product 
Supplement Frequently Asked Questions” for further details).
Collateral Basket Notes:
Collateral Basket Notes may be issued in accordance with 
the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions. The Original 
Collateral relating to such Notes shall consist of two or more 
Collateral Components, and events affecting one, but not all, 
of the Collateral Components may result in redemption of all 
or some of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms).
Following a Collateral Event in respect of a single Collateral 
Component, the Notes will redeem either in full or in part (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms).
Where the Notes are to redeem in full, the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount will be (i) the net proceeds of liquidation 
or realisation of all Collateral Components and any other 
assets in respect of the relevant Series available to the Issuer 
(other than payments from the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the termination of the Swap Agreement) plus (ii) any 
termination payment payable to the Issuer by the Swap 
Counterparty on the termination of the Swap Agreement, 
minus (iii) any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer on the termination of the Swap 
Agreement.
Where the Notes are to redeem in part, the relevant 
Collateral Component will be liquidated and the partial value 
of the Swap Agreement will be determined and paid by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer or by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty, as applicable. The net amounts received by 
the Issuer following such liquidation and any payment 
reflecting the Partial Swap Value paid to the Issuer shall be 
applied to redeem the Notes in part (provided that any Partial 
Swap Value payable by the Issuer shall be deducted from 
the 
liquidation 
proceeds 
of 
the 
relevant 
Collateral 
Component).
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and the net proceeds of liquidation of 
the relevant Collateral Component are less than the amount 
owing to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer in respect of 
the partial unwind of the Swap Agreement, the Disposal 
Agent shall liquidate additional amounts of Collateral from 
one or more Collateral Components to make up such 
Shortfall Amount.
Interest Periods, Interest Accrual 
Periods and Rates of Interest:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable rate of interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. The use 
of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
22
at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.
Redemption:
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in British pound sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year whose issue 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) per Note.
Redemption by Instalments:
Where a Series of Notes is redeemable in two or more 
instalments, the applicable Issue Terms will set out the dates 
on which, and the amounts at which, such Notes will, subject 
to the Conditions, be redeemed.
Early Redemption for Events of 
Default, Tax or Other Reasons:
The Notes may be redeemed prior to or following the Maturity 
Date:
(i)
upon the occurrence of certain tax events with respect 
to the Notes or the Original Collateral;
(ii)
upon the occurrence of certain events with respect to 
the Original Collateral (the particulars of which will be 
specified on a series by series basis in the applicable 
Issue Terms (for further information see the section of 
this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”));
(iii)
if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the value of the Original Collateral and the value of the 
Swap Agreement falling to or beneath a certain level;
(iv)
if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of certain regulatory events (for further 
information see the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Risk Factors”);
(v)
upon the termination of the Swap Agreement (if any);
(vi)
if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of certain disruption events with respect 
to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate;
(vii) upon the occurrence of certain disruption events with 
respect to a relevant Reference Rate; 
(viii) upon the occurrence of a Sanctions Event; or
(ix)
if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, upon 
the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event (the 
specifics of which will be set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
Any redemption following the Maturity Date would be as a 
result of a redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity 
Date but with the resultant liquidation process not being 
completed until after the Maturity Date.
In addition, either the Noteholders and/or the Trustee 
(dependent on the relevant event and as specified in the 
Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of the

--- Page 23 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
23
Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with 
respect to the Notes, the occurrence of certain default events 
relating to the Original Collateral or upon the bankruptcy or 
certain defaults of the Swap Counterparty.
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required 
to liquidate some or all of the Collateral and the Swap 
Agreement will be terminated in accordance with its terms. 
The amount payable or transferable to Noteholders in such 
circumstances will be the Early Redemption Amount.
If “Cash Settlement” is specified as the Early Redemption 
Settlement Method or if no method is specified, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount.
If “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Noteholder elects or is 
deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount payable 
by the Issuer to such Noteholder will be the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, being, broadly, each Note’s pro rata
share of an amount equal to:
(i)
the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral and any other assets in respect of the 
relevant Series available to the Issuer (other than 
payments from the Swap Counterparty in respect of the 
termination of the Swap Agreement) plus any applicable 
rounding amounts by virtue of the Issuer having to pay 
any Physical Redemption Amounts (see below); plus
(ii)
any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty on the termination of the Swap 
Agreement; minus
(iii)
any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement.
If “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Noteholder does not elect or is 
not deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount payable 
by the Issuer to such Noteholder will be the Physical 
Redemption Amount, being, broadly, a combination of an 
amount of assets and/or cash equal to each Note’s pro rata
share (amongst only those Notes in respect of which a 
Physical Redemption Amount is payable) of an amount equal 
to:
(i)
any Original Collateral remaining after certain amounts 
of such Original Collateral (if any) are liquidated, 
rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of the 
denomination of the Original Collateral; plus
(ii)
any cash amounts derived from any rounding 
contemplated by (i) above; plus

--- Page 24 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
24
(iii)
(a) the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral and any other assets in respect of the 
relevant Series available to the Issuer (other than the 
cash amounts contemplated under (ii) above, and 
payments from the Swap Counterparty in respect of the 
termination of the Swap Agreement, and other than all 
the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of Original 
Collateral solely attributable to those Noteholders 
entitled to receive an Early Cash Redemption Amount); 
plus (b) any termination payment payable to the Issuer 
by the Swap Counterparty on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement; minus (c) any termination payment 
payable to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer on the 
termination of the Swap Agreement.
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the 
Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer to such 
Noteholder will be the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
being, broadly, each Note’s pro rata share of an amount 
equal to:
(i)
the net proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
portion of Collateral relating to such Class of Notes 
redeeming early; plus
(ii)
any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement relating to the Class of Notes 
redeeming early; minus
(iii)
any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer in respect of the transaction 
under the Swap Agreement relating to the Class of 
Notes redeeming early; plus
(iv)
where the Class of Notes redeeming early is the sole 
remaining Class of Notes, any cash remaining from any 
rounding up of Collateral to the next tradable unit in 
respect of the redemption of other Classes.
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note may be less than 
or may have a value of less than the Specified Denomination 
of that Note and may be zero.
In addition, on a redemption of the Notes other than on their 
final redemption on the Maturity Date or on an Instalment 
Date at the Instalment Amount, the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) will apply available sums or assets in 
accordance with the order of priority set out in Master 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds). Such sums or assets may not be 
sufficient to meet the claims of the Secured Creditors against 
the Issuer in respect of the Series and, accordingly, following 
application in accordance with the order of priority there may 
not be sufficient sums or assets available to satisfy the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay the Early Redemption Amount in

--- Page 25 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
25
full or at all. See further the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Limited Recourse and Non-Petition”.
Cross Default:
None.
Withholding Tax:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever 
nature that the Issuer or any Agent is required by applicable 
law to make (and any withholding required by an Information 
Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be required by 
applicable law). In that event, the Issuer or such Agent shall 
make such payment after such withholding or deduction has 
been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for 
the amount(s) so required to be withheld or deducted. This 
may result in the early redemption of the Notes – see the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Early redemption for 
Events of Default, Tax or Other Reasons”. Neither the Issuer 
nor any Agent will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to holders of Notes in respect of such withholding 
or deduction.
Sanctions:
Any obligations under the Transaction Documents will be 
suspended for the duration of a Sanctions Event. See (i) 
Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of obligations following 
a Sanctions Event) and (ii) the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”.
In addition, the 
Calculation Agent may give notice to the Issuer at any time 
that a Sanctions Event is continuing, following which the 
Issuer shall early redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption following a Sanctions 
Event). 
Further Issues:
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes of any 
Series (or Class thereof) on the same terms as existing 
Notes and such further Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series (or Class thereof) with such existing Notes of 
the same Series (or Class thereof); provided that, unless 
otherwise sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution, the 
Issuer provides, in accordance with Master Condition 21(a) 
(Further Issues), additional assets as security for such 
further Notes.
Meetings of Noteholders and 
modifications to Note terms:
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders of a Series, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority.
In certain circumstances the Trustee may agree to modify the 
terms and conditions of the Notes without the consent of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 26 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
26
Substitution of Issuer:
The Trustee may in certain circumstances, with the prior 
written consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the relevant Notes but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree to a substitution of 
any other company in the place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Trust Deed, Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons, as applicable.
Governing Law:
The Notes are governed by English law.
In respect of the Luxembourg Issuer, articles 470-1 to 470-
19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, are excluded.
ISSUANCE DETAILS
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued in Series (which may consist of 
different Classes), with the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series (or Class thereof). Each Series (or Class thereof) may 
be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue date(s). 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series (or Class thereof)) will be completed in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
Issue Price of the Notes:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and the 
system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding 
of unidentified securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited or any successor thereto in accordance with the 
United Kingdom Uncertified Securities Regulations 2001 
(“CREST”) and such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer.
In the case of Notes cleared through CREST, investors will 
hold indirect interests in such Notes through CREST by 
holding dematerialised depositary interests (“CDIs”). CDIs 
represent indirect interest in the Notes to which they relate 
and holders of CDIs will not be the legal owners of the Notes.
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a new global note (an “NGN”) or the relevant 
Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Note or Global Certificate 
will be delivered to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Safekeeper”). On 
or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a classic global note (a “CGN”) or the relevant

--- Page 27 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
27
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Certificates may also 
be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the 
name of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing 
systems.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, 
application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain 
Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market. No 
assurance can be given that such an application to admit 
Notes to the Official List and to trading on its Regulated 
Market or GEM will be successful. Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer may be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock 
exchanges 
or 
markets 
agreed 
between 
the 
Luxembourg Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
a specific Series.
Notes issued by each Issuer may be listed and admitted to 
trading on a market which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II.
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued by each Issuer.
Rating:
The Programme is not rated.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, 
Singapore, Hong Kong, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors (if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) and the Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors (if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms) and any other jurisdiction relevant to 
any Series. See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Subscription and Sale” and the applicable Issue Terms.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended.
U.S. TEFRA Compliance:
Notes in bearer form will be issued:
(i)
in 
compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal

--- Page 28 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
28
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the 
“C Rules”);
(ii)
in 
compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “D 
Rules”); or
(iii)
other than in compliance with the C Rules or the D 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 29 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
29
Transaction Structure Diagram
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging 
transaction. It is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the types of Notes which may be issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and related transactions which may be entered into by each Issuer. 
Prospective Noteholders should review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and the specific Issue Terms for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to 
making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual relationships and 
solid lines represent cashflows.
Custodian
Paying Agent
Calculation Agent
Trustee
Issuing and Paying Agent
Noteholder
Argentum 
Capital S.A., in 
respect of a
Compartment or 
Ascent Finance 
Limited
(“Issuer”)
Issuer Administrator
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor
Benefit of 
Issuer 
Security
Security for
the notes
Trust Deed
Collateral 
Payments
Agency 
Agreement
Corporate 
Services 
Agreement
Credit Suisse 
International, Credit 
Suisse AG, acting 
through its London 
Branchor (with respect 
to the Cayman Issuer 
only) or Credit Suisse 
AG, acting through its 
Singapore Branch
Scheduled 
payments due on 
Collateral
Scheduled interest amounts and 
Final Redemption Amount or, as 
applicable, specified Early 
Redemption Amount payable on 
Notes
Collateral Administrator
Disposal Agent

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS
30
RISK FACTORS
Warning: The terms and conditions of certain Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may not 
provide for scheduled repayment in full of the issue or purchase price at maturity. In such case, 
you may lose some or all of your original investment.
Even if the relevant Notes do provide for scheduled repayment in full of the issue or purchase price 
at maturity or upon mandatory early redemption or optional early redemption of the Notes (in whole 
or in part), you will still be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty and 
will lose up to the entire value of your investment if the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty either fails 
or is otherwise unable to meet its payment obligations.
You may also lose some or all of your investment if:

you sell your Notes prior to maturity in the secondary market at an amount that is less than 
your initial purchase price; or

your Notes are redeemed early under their terms and conditions at the discretion of the 
Issuer and the early redemption amount paid to you is less than the initial purchase price.
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its scheduled obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme.
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes or the reduction of any such amounts may occur for other reasons not 
set out herein and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms, and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision.
1
Risks relating to the Company and the Issuer
(a)
The Company is a special purpose vehicle
The Company is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities (with respect to the Luxembourg Issuer, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 or, 
with respect to the Cayman Issuer, within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the 
constitutional documents of the Cayman Issuer). The Company has covenanted (amongst other 
things) that, as long as any Note remains outstanding, it will not, except as otherwise provided for 
or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, engage in any business other than 
the issuance of or entry into of bonds, notes or other securities or the entry into of loans or other 
agreements for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (and, with respect to the Luxembourg 
Issuer, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 or, with respect to the Cayman Issuer, within 
the limits of the Cayman Companies Act), subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed 
and the Conditions.
For further information on the restrictions on the Issuer’s activities, see the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “Description of the Luxembourg Company – Special Purpose Vehicle”, and 
“Description of the Cayman Company – Special Purpose Vehicle”.
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share capital, 
such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Notes or entry into other

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS
31
obligations from time to time and any Mortgaged Property and any other assets on which Notes or 
other obligations are secured.
(b)
Substitution of the Issuer
In certain circumstances, the Issuer of the Notes may be substituted pursuant to the provisions of 
Master Condition 19(c) (Substitution). The Trustee may without the consent of any Noteholders or 
Couponholders but with the prior written consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect of 
such Notes agree to a substitution of the Issuer in certain circumstances, which may include, where 
(i) Noteholders would suffer adverse tax consequences if the Issuer was not substituted or (ii) it 
becomes illegal for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the Notes. In connection with 
such substitution the Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to a change in the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons 
and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document, provided that, such change would 
not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. The 
Transaction Documents will also be amended to the extent necessary to reflect any necessary 
changes following a change in Issuer and/or governing law (as further described below under the 
risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Modification, waivers and substitution”). 
Notwithstanding the above, Noteholders in respect of a Series of Notes where the Issuer is 
substituted may nevertheless suffer losses arising out of the substitution process, the amended
terms of the Notes, the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document and shall be exposed 
to the creditworthiness of the new issuer.
(c)
Consequences of winding-up proceedings
The Company is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle and is not insolvency-proof.
Subject as provided for in the Trust Deed, the Company is permitted only to contract with parties 
who agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up, or bankruptcy or 
similar proceedings against the Company. In respect of the Luxembourg Company, legal 
proceedings initiated against it in breach of these provisions shall, in principle, be declared 
inadmissible by a Luxembourg court.
If the Company fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, a creditor who has not (and 
cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in respect of the 
Company is entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency proceedings 
against the Company. In that case, such creditor (other than, in respect of the Luxembourg 
Company, a Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor or a Compartment-Specific Claims 
Creditor) should not have recourse to the assets of any Compartment (in respect of the Luxembourg 
Company) or any other Series (in respect of the Cayman Company) but would have to exercise its 
rights over the general assets of the Company, but not to the assets of any other Compartment or 
Series.
Where the Company is subject to insolvency proceedings, this could give rise to circumstances that 
result in the early redemption of the Notes, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the 
Notes.
(d)
Fees and expenses
The Noteholders should note that, in relation to a Series of Notes, fees and expenses (including 
fees payable to the Arranger and/or the Trustee) as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, may rank 
senior to payments of principal and interest on the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS
32
(e)
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments
(i)
Background
A payment with respect to a Note, the Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any) could 
be subject to U.S. withholding both under FATCA and as a result of being treated as a 
dividend equivalent payment. The maximum rate of U.S. withholding on such payment would 
not exceed 30 per cent.
A number of jurisdictions (including the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”, the intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the Cayman 
Islands, the “Cayman Islands IGA”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. The Cayman Issuer is a “foreign financial institution” for the purposes of FATCA.
(ii)
Possible impact on payments on Collateral (if any) and Swap Agreement (if any)
If the Company or the Issuer, as appropriate, fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA 
(including any Luxembourg or Cayman Islands IGA, as applicable, and any related IGA 
legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder), it may be subject to FATCA 
Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to the Original Collateral 
or the Swap Agreement (in each case, if any). Any such withholding would, in turn, result in 
the relevant Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that would 
otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes or the Swap Agreement with respect to 
a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction Party to make 
up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to satisfy its 
payment obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of the 
Original Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test date to be subject to FATCA 
Withholding, the Notes will be subject to early redemption (see the risk factor entitled “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below). 
No assurance can be given that the Company or the Issuer, as appropriate, can or will comply 
with its obligations under FATCA or that the Company or the Issuer, as appropriate, will not 
be subject to FATCA Withholding.
(iii)
Possible impact on payments on the Notes
The Issuer may be required to withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries 
through which such Notes are held) that are foreign financial institutions that are not 
compliant with, or exempt from, FATCA or Noteholders that do not provide the information, 
documentation or certifications required for the Issuer to comply with its obligations under 
FATCA. Additionally, the Issuer is also permitted to make any amendments to the Notes and 
the Swap Agreement (if any) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply with its 
obligations under FATCA (including any Luxembourg or Cayman Islands IGA, as applicable, 
and any related IGA legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder) and any such 
amendment will be binding on the Noteholders.
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts 
in the event FATCA withholding tax is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the 
Notes. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than 
expected. FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the 
Noteholders is subject to change. Potential investors should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS
33
(iv)
Possible redemption of the Notes
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes has 
failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance with 
Master Condition 12(b) (Provision of information) such that any payment received by the 
Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, 
in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime, the Notes shall redeem early at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating 
to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below).
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Company or the Issuer (as 
appropriate), the Notes and the Noteholders is subject to change.
(f)
Information reporting obligations and consequential amendments
Information relating to the Notes, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be provided 
to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to FATCA). This may include (but is 
not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with respect 
to the Notes, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and information and documents 
in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. In certain circumstances, the information 
obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. Some jurisdictions 
operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition to, such provision of information 
requirements. Pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and subject to certain limitations, a holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes is required to provide information reasonably requested by the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer for purposes of the Issuer’s, the Company’s or such 
agent’s compliance with applicable information reporting regimes. If, for a Series, any Noteholder 
or beneficial owner fails to provide any information so requested by the relevant Issuer, such Issuer 
may withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries through which such Notes are 
held) or such Series may be the subject of an early redemption.
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in Master 
Condition 12(c) (Consequential amendments), to make any amendments (other than an 
amendment that would require a “special quorum resolution” as defined in the Trust Deed) to the 
terms of the Notes, the Swap Agreement and any other Transaction Document (except for the 
Programme Deed) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under 
FATCA (including any Luxembourg or Cayman Islands IGA, as applicable, and any related IGA 
legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder) or its obligations under any legislation or 
agreements relating to any applicable Information Reporting Regime and any such amendment will 
be binding on the Noteholders.
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts if 
FATCA Withholding or any other withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
Information Reporting Regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a 
result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected.
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA 
and the other Information Reporting Regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other Information 
Reporting Regimes might affect such Noteholder in light of its particular circumstances.
In addition to the Cayman Islands IGA, the Cayman Islands has also signed, along with over 100 
other countries, a multilateral competent authority agreement to implement the OECD Standard for 
Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information – Common Reporting Standard (“CRS” and 
together with the Cayman Islands IGA, “AEOI”).

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS
34
Cayman Islands regulations have been issued to give effect to the Cayman Islands IGA and CRS 
(collectively, the “AEOI Regulations”). Pursuant to the AEOI Regulations, the Cayman Islands Tax 
Information Authority (the “TIA”) has published guidance notes on the application of the US IGA and 
CRS.
All Cayman Islands “Financial Institutions” (including the Cayman Issuer) are required to comply 
with the registration, due diligence and reporting requirements of the AEOI Regulations, unless the 
Cayman Issuer is able to rely on an exemption that permits it to be treated as a “Non-Reporting 
Cayman Islands Financial Institution” (as defined in the relevant AEOI Regulations) with respect to 
one or more of the AEOI regimes, in which case only the registration requirement would apply under 
CRS. The Cayman Issuer does not propose to rely on any Non-Reporting Cayman Islands Financial 
Institution exemption and therefore intends to comply with all of the requirements of the AEOI 
Regulations as a “Reporting Financial Institution”.
The AEOI Regulations require the Cayman Issuer to, amongst other things, (i) register with the 
Internal Revenue Service (“Cayman IRS”) to obtain a Global Intermediary Identification Number (in 
the context of the Cayman Islands IGA only), (ii) register with the TIA, and thereby notify the TIA of 
its status as a “Reporting Financial Institution”, (iii) adopt and implement written policies and 
procedures setting out how it will address its obligations under CRS, (iv) conduct due diligence on 
its accounts to identify whether any such accounts are considered “Reportable Accounts”, and (v) 
report information on such Reportable Accounts to the TIA. The TIA will transmit such information 
to the applicable overseas fiscal authorities.
Under the terms of the Cayman Islands IGA, withholding will not be imposed on payments made to 
the Cayman Issuer unless the Cayman IRS has specifically listed the Cayman Issuer as a non-
participating financial institution, or on payments made by the Issuer to the holder of the Notes 
unless the Issuer has otherwise assumed responsibility for withholding under United States tax law.
(g)
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority
Save for registration with the RCS in Luxembourg and the CSSF’s approval if the Issuer is the 
Luxembourg Issuer, the Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any 
current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would 
not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. 
There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the 
Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws 
or regulations of those jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer and could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early 
redemption of the Notes, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the Notes.
2
Additional Risks relating to the Luxembourg Company and the Luxembourg Issuer
(a)
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments
The Luxembourg Company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg and has the status of an authorised 
securitisation undertaking under the Securitisation Act 2004 and is supervised by the CSSF.
The rights of Noteholders and other Secured Creditors in respect of a Series of Notes are limited to 
the assets in respect of the corresponding Compartment. However, Noteholders may be exposed 
to competing claims of other creditors of the Luxembourg Company if foreign courts or regulators 
which have jurisdiction over assets of the Luxembourg Company allocated to a Compartment do 
not recognise the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for in the

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS
35
Securitisation Act 2004. The claims of these other creditors may affect the scope of assets which 
are available for the claims of Noteholders and those of the Transaction Parties. If, as a result of 
such claims, a shortfall arises, such shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders and the Transaction 
Parties.
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the 
Luxembourg Company – Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments”.
The assets of each Compartment may include the proceeds of the issue of the Notes of the relevant 
Series and the Collateral. The fees, costs and expenses in relation to the Notes of each Series are 
allocated to the Compartment relating to the relevant Series in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Luxembourg Articles.
Noteholders of a Series, whether or not comprised of Classes, will have recourse only to the 
Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant Series of Notes.
(b)
Allocation of liabilities among all Noteholders
Any liability which is not a Series-specific liability (that is, in respect of a Series issued by the 
Luxembourg Issuer, it does not relate to any Compartment in respect of which a Series of Notes is 
issued) which is not otherwise funded may be apportioned between the Series. The apportionment 
of such liability will reduce the return that would otherwise have been payable on such Series of 
Notes. The Luxembourg Issuer will seek to contract with all counterparties on a limited recourse 
basis such that claims in respect of any liability which is not Series-specific may not be made in 
respect of the assets of any Compartment.
In respect of Series issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, the rights of creditors (the “Non 
Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors”) whose claims have not arisen in connection with the 
creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment and which have not waived their recourse 
to the assets of any Compartment, shall be allocated by the Luxembourg Company on a half year 
basis in arrear to all the Compartments (on an equal basis and pro rata temporis for Compartments 
created within such half year) where the relevant Conditions or the Luxembourg Articles expressly 
authorise Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors to have recourse against the rights and 
assets allocated to such Compartments. Such rights of a Non Compartment-Specific Claims 
Creditor against a Compartment are hereinafter referred to as the “Pro Rata Rights”. Each Non 
Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor acknowledges and accepts that such Pro Rata Rights are 
subject to the rights of any creditor having the benefit of any security created over such assets 
allocated to a Compartment and once all the assets allocated to a Compartment in respect of which 
it has Pro Rata Rights have been realised, it is not entitled to take any further steps against the 
Luxembourg Company (including in its capacity as Issuer) to recover such Pro Rata Rights and the 
right to receive any sum in respect of the Pro Rata Rights shall be extinguished.
For further information on the restrictions on the Luxembourg Issuer’s activities, see the section of 
the Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Luxembourg Company – Special Purpose Vehicle”.
(c)
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting; Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives
Changes in tax laws or their interpretation could lead to an increase in the tax liabilities of the 
Luxembourg Issuer and could affect the intended tax treatment of investments. Tax laws could 
change or be subject to differing interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect, or the relevant tax 
authority could take a different view, so that the tax consequences of a particular investment 
structure could change after the investment has been made that may result in the after-tax returns 
of the Luxembourg Issuer being reduced.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS
36
In particular, pursuant to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (the 
“OECD”) BEPS Project, individual jurisdictions are introducing domestic legislation implementing 
certain of the BEPS Actions. Several of the areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties) on 
which the BEPS Project is focusing are relevant to the ability of the Luxembourg Issuer to efficiently 
realise income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the 
jurisdictions in which they arise to investors and, depending on the extent to and manner in which 
relevant jurisdictions implement changes in those areas of tax law (including double taxation 
treaties), the ability of the Luxembourg Issuer to do those things may be adversely impacted. There 
remains significant uncertainty as to whether and, if so, to what extent the Luxembourg Issuer may 
benefit from the protections afforded by such treaties and whether the Luxembourg Issuer may look 
to its Noteholders in order to derive tax treaty or other benefits. This position is likely to remain 
uncertain for a number of years. If the Luxembourg Issuer is unable to rely on such double taxation 
treaties, this may result in the Notes being the subject of an early redemption and any tax payable 
by the Luxembourg Issuer in such circumstances could reduce the Early Redemption Amount 
payable to Noteholders. See the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption 
for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below.
In addition, in July 2016, the European Union (“EU”) adopted the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
2016/1164 (commonly referred to as “ATAD I”), which directly implements some of the BEPS 
Project actions points within EU law and was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by the law 
of 21 December 2018 (the “ATAD I Law”) and entered into force on 1 January 2019.The ATAD I 
Law introduces a framework that limits the deduction of interest and other deductible payments and 
charges for Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as the Luxembourg 
Issuer). Whilst (i) ATAD I may be subject to future amendment by the relevant Luxembourg 
authorities and (ii) the impact of ATAD I on the Luxembourg Issuer is not yet clear, ATAD I may 
result in corporate income tax being effectively imposed and due on the Luxembourg Issuer to the 
extent that the Luxembourg Issuer derives income other than interest income or income equivalent 
to interest from its underlying assets and transactions or, as the case may be, if the Notes issued 
by the Luxembourg Issuer qualify for tax purposes as hybrid financial instruments. Where ATAD I 
results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued on the Notes, this could 
lead to an early redemption of the Notes and any tax payable by the Luxembourg Issuer as a result 
of ATAD I could reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders.
On 29 May 2017, the Council of the EU formally adopted the Council Directive amending Directive 
(EU) 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly referred to as “ATAD 
II”) amending ATAD I which was implemented into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 20 
December 2019. ATAD II came into force in Member States on 1 January 2020 (subject to relevant 
derogations).
On 22 December, 2021, the EU Commission proposed a new directive aiming at preventing the 
misuse of so-called “shell” entities for tax purposes within the EU (commonly referred to as the 
“ATAD III Proposal” or “Unshell”, together with ATAD I and ATAD II, “ATAD”). Under the current 
draft of the directive, if an undertaking passes certain gateways indicative of its “shell” nature and 
does not fulfil the certain minimum substance requirements, such undertaking may no longer benefit 
from double tax treaties or the EU interest and royalty or parent-subsidiary directives. On 17 January 
2023, the European Parliament approved the European Commission’s draft directive for preventing 
the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes as amended by the Committee on Economic and 
Monetary Affairs (“ECON”). The ATAD III Proposal is scheduled to be implemented into Member 
States’ national laws by 30 June 2023, and to come into effect as of 1 January 2024 (although the 
entry into effect might be delayed to 1 January 2025). It is currently foreseen that the reporting 
obligations will be based on the operational set up of the undertaking during the two years preceding
the year of reporting, therefore at the time of effect, 2022 may already be a point of reference. The

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS
37
ATAD III Proposal must now be submitted to the EU Council for examination and (unanimous) vote 
for adoption. While there remains considerable uncertainty surrounding the development of the 
proposal, these rules (if applicable) may have an impact on how returns are taxed and may decrease 
the amounts available to Noteholders.
Further to the BEPS Project, and in particular BEPS Action 1 (‘Addressing the Tax Challenges of 
the Digital Economy’), the OECD published a Report on 31 May 2019 entitled ‘Programme of Work 
to Develop a Consensus Solution to the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalisation of the 
Economy’ (as updated on several occasions since and most recently on 8 October 2021 by the 
‘Statement on a Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalisation 
of the Economy’), which proposes fundamental changes to the international tax system. The 
proposals (commonly now also referred to as “BEPS 2.0”) are based on two ‘pillars’, involving the 
reallocation of taxing rights (Pillar One), and additional global anti-base erosion rules (Pillar Two). 
The implementation of the Pillar One and Pillar Two proposals is scheduled for the end of 2023. 
Whilst an implementation plan on BEPS 2.0 has now been agreed in the latest OECD Statement of 
8 October 2021, the detailed rules are to be developed over the coming months. On 20 December 
2021, the OECD published the last version of the detailed rules to assist in the implementation of 
Pillar Two. On 22 December 2021, the European Commission has proposed an EU directive 
ensuring a minimum effective tax rate in line with Pillar Two. On 12 December 2022, the EU member 
states reached agreement to implement Pillar Two at EU level, with a directive to be transposed 
into member states’ national law by the end of 2023. Depending on the application of the technical 
detail of BEPS 2.0 to the Luxembourg Issuer and its investments, effective tax rates could increase 
within the Luxembourg Issuer structure or on its investments, including by way of higher levels of 
tax being imposed than is currently the case, possible denial of deductions or increased withholding 
taxes and/or profits being allocated differently. The implementation of the foregoing laws and 
regulations (the full extent of which is not yet known) could have a material and adverse effect on 
the Luxembourg Issuer and its operations.
On 11 May 2022, the EU commission proposed a new directive aiming at reducing the disparity in 
treatment between debt and equity financing by proposing a tax-deductible allowance that increases 
in equity investments (commonly referred to as the “DEBRA Proposal”). The DEBRA Proposal 
provides additional interest limitation rules allowing the deduction of exceeding borrowing costs only 
up to 85%. However, the DEBRA Proposal provides that certain financial undertakings are out of 
scope. The DEBRA Proposal was scheduled to be implemented by 31 December 2023, and to 
come into effect as of 1 January 2024. However, on 6 December 2022, it was announced by the EU 
Council that the DEBRA Proposal “will be suspended and, if appropriate, would be reassessed 
within a broader context only after other proposals in the area of corporate income taxation 
announced by the Commission have been put forward”.
The implementation of the foregoing laws and regulations (the full extent of which is not yet known) 
could have a material and adverse effect on the Luxembourg Issuer, its operations and its 
subsidiaries.
(d)
Disallowance of the tax deductibility of interest due to associated enterprises located in a 
country listed on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions
On 28 January 2021, the Luxembourg Parliament passed a law prohibiting as from 1 March 2021 
the deduction of interest expenses or royalties, accrued or paid, to entities established in 
jurisdictions (countries or territories) which are considered to be “non-cooperative” (such countries 
or territories being designated on a so-called “Blacklist”). Expenses will be concerned as from 1 
January 2021 onward when they are paid or due to “related parties”, a concept as defined for the 
purposes of Luxembourg’s transfer pricing rules, i.e. article 56 of the Luxembourg income tax law

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS
38
dated 4 December 1967, as amended. This limitation applies when the recipient of the expense is 
a corporate entity, which, under Luxembourg tax law, is considered as “opaque”. However, where 
a Luxembourg tax payer can prove “valid commercial reasons that reflect economic reality”, such 
prohibition would not apply. The Blacklist should, in principle, be the same as the most recent list 
published (at that moment) by the EU Council of “non-cooperative” countries and territories. This 
Blacklist will be updated regularly by the Luxembourg Government when presenting the annual 
budget bill. This law may have a significant impact for certain investment structures. The denial of 
the deductibility regime will cease to apply to interest or royalties owed to an entity that is resident 
in a jurisdiction that is being removed from the EU list as from the date of the publication of the 
updated list in the Official Journal of the EU. The list adopted by the EU Council on 14 February 
2023 is composed of American Samoa, Anguilla, the Bahamas, British Virgin Islands, Costa Rica, 
Fiji, Guam, Marshall Islands, Palau, Panama, Russian Federation, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, 
Turks and Caicos Islands, US Virgin Islands and Vanuatu. Any change to such list could materially 
and adversely affect the amount of payments made by the Luxembourg Issuer to Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes.
3
Additional Risks relating to the Cayman Company and the Cayman Issuer
(a)
EU AML List
With effect form 13 March 2022, the Cayman Islands has been included on the list, adopted by the 
European Commission, of third countries which have strategic deficiencies in the anti-money 
laundering and countering the financing of terrorism regimes that pose significant threats to the 
financial system of the European Union (“EU AML List”). The inclusion of the Cayman Islands on 
the EU AML List will require all financial services providers within the European Union to apply 
enhanced due diligence measures to relationships or transactions involving persons domiciled in 
the Cayman Islands. Under Regulation 20176/2402/EU, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/557 
(the “European Securitisation Regulation”), European Union financial institutions will be 
prohibited from establishing tranched securitisation vehicles in the Cayman Islands, and European 
Union investors will be likely precluded from investing in the Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer. 
However, the European Securitisation Regulation does not, expressly, impose divestment 
obligations on European Union investors who have invested in pre-existing transactions that closed 
prior to 13 March 2022.
4
Risks relating to the Notes
(a)
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption
The amount payable to a Noteholder upon an early redemption will be either:
(i)
where Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or where Noteholder 
Settlement Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and such Noteholder has elected 
or is deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, an amount per 
Note equal to the Early Cash Redemption Amount; or
(ii)
if Noteholder Settlement Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and such 
Noteholder does not elect or is not deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, an amount per Note equal to the Physical Redemption Amount.
Where Classes are applicable in respect of a Series of Notes and the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that where one Class of Notes redeems early, all Classes of Notes shall redeem early (as further 
described below in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – All Classes of Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Early Redemption Commencement Date that occurs in respect of certain 
Class(es) of Notes only”), an Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined in respect of

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS
39
each Class of Notes. If, however, the applicable Issue Terms specify that one Class of Notes may 
redeem early without triggering the early redemption of all Classes of Notes: (i) the Swap Agreement 
will be deemed to comprise only the Swap Transaction in respect of the relevant Class and the 
portion of the Credit Support Annex relating thereto, (ii) where either of the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty have a Credit Support Balance under the Credit Support Annex, a proportion of such 
Credit Support Balance determined to relate to the Swap Transaction for the relevant Class shall 
be taken into account in determining an Unpaid Amount, and (iii) any early termination payment of 
the Swap Agreement payable by the Issuer shall be limited to the value of the portion of Original 
Collateral attributable to the relevant Class.
The Noteholders will be paid such amounts and/or delivered such assets, as the case may be, after 
payment of any priority claims in accordance with the Conditions. There is no assurance that in such 
circumstances the proceeds and/or assets available following payment of any such priority claims 
will be sufficient to pay or deliver, as the case may be, in full the amounts that holders of the relevant 
Notes would expect to receive in the event that the Notes redeemed in accordance with their terms 
on their Maturity Date or that such holders will receive back the amount, or assets with a value equal 
to the amount, they originally invested.
In both cases, the Noteholders will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral and the Swap 
Agreement (for a consideration of factors that may impact such values see the risk factor entitled 
“Market value of Notes” below).
(b)
Limited recourse obligations
The Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of 
the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors. Payments due in respect of the Notes prior to 
redemption or acceleration thereof will be made solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Mortgaged Property. The Issuer will have no other assets or sources of 
revenue available for payment of any of its obligations under the Notes. No assurance can be made 
that the proceeds available for and allocated to the repayment of the Notes at any particular time 
will be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be due and payable in respect of the 
Notes. If the proceeds of the realisation of the Security received by the Trustee for the benefit of the 
Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on or deliveries under the Notes, as the case may 
be, no other assets will be available for payment or delivery in respect of the shortfall, and, following 
distribution of the proceeds of such realisation, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.
Further, only the Trustee may pursue remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure is continuing. In addition, in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment 
or delivery of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount that became 
due and payable on the Maturity Date, no Secured Creditor may direct the Trustee to pursue any 
remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes 
or the Coupons until the Relevant Payment Date, which is the tenth Reference Business Day after 
the Maturity Date.
In addition, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance 
with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed.
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on or deliveries under the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS
40
(c)
Meetings of Noteholders, electronic consent and written resolutions
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally and to obtain written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from 
Noteholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion 
who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Deed and whose Notes are then outstanding will, for all purposes, be deemed to be an 
Extraordinary Resolution. In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held on behalf of a clearing 
system, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by 
the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion for the time being 
outstanding, and such electronic consents shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion 
duly convened and held. A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be 
effected in connection with any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the 
modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in 
the written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written resolution). The Trustee may, in 
certain circumstances and without the consent of Noteholders, (i) agree to certain modifications of, 
or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, the provisions of the Notes, (ii) 
determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) 
agree to the substitution of another entity as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer.
(d)
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders of the relevant Series, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee (i) may in certain circumstances and 
without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of any of the Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Transaction Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Conditions or any provision of the 
Transaction Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the interest 
of the Noteholders or (iii) may agree without the consent of the Noteholders to the substitution of 
another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, subject to the prior 
written consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect of such Notes. Any such amendments 
and/or substitution could adversely affect the Notes and the Noteholders may suffer losses arising 
out of such amendments and/or substitutions.
(e)
Trustee indemnity and remuneration
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain actions 
in respect of a Series of Notes, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series becomes

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS
41
enforceable under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction it may decide not to take such action and such 
inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the 
Noteholders would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding or 
accept the consequences of such inaction by the Trustee. Noteholders should be prepared to bear 
the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding and/or the 
consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. Such inaction by the Trustee will not entitle 
Noteholders to take action directly against the Issuer to pursue remedies for any breach by the 
Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (although the events giving rise to the need for 
Trustee action might also permit the Noteholders to exercise certain rights directly under the 
Conditions).
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall pay the Trustee remuneration for its services. 
Such remuneration may reduce the amount payable to Noteholders.
(f)
Priority of claims
During the term of the Notes, following a Liquidation or on an enforcement of the Security, the rights 
of the Noteholders to be paid amounts or delivered assets due under the Notes will be subordinated 
to (i) amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, (ii) the Issuer’s 
share of the payment or satisfaction of all taxes owing by the Company, (iii) the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities due and payable to the Trustee including costs incurred in the enforcement 
of the Security (including any taxes to be paid, legal fees and remuneration) (iv) certain amounts 
owing to the Custodian, the Collateral Administrator (if applicable), the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and the other Agents in respect of reimbursement for sums paid by them in advance of receipt by 
them of the funds to make such payment and fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities, (v) fees 
of the Disposal Agent, (vi) any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, (vii) the Issuer’s share of fees of the Corporate Services Provider owing by the 
Company and (viii) any other claims as specified in the Conditions as may be amended by the Issue 
Deed relating to the relevant Series of Notes, that rank in priority to the Notes. Such subordination 
could significantly reduce the amount of available proceeds receivable by the Noteholders following 
the liquidation of the Collateral or on an enforcement of the Security.
(g)
No gross-up
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in respect 
of the Notes (as a result of any Information Reporting Regime or otherwise), the Noteholders will 
not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax nor be 
reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall. In certain circumstances, the imposition of such taxes or 
deductions for tax will result in the Notes being redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as further described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for 
Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below).
(h)
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date 
pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) upon the occurrence of (i) certain tax 
events with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral; (ii) certain events with respect to the 
Original Collateral (which, depending on what is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, may 
include the Original Collateral being called for redemption or repayment prior to its scheduled 
maturity date, a failure by the Original Collateral Obligor to call the Original Collateral for redemption 
or repayment, the Original Collateral becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity, certain 
failures to make payments in respect of the Original Collateral, the conversion of the Original

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS
42
Collateral into another instrument or a redenomination of the currency in which the principal or 
interest of the Original Collateral is due to be paid); (iii) the termination of the Swap Agreement; (iv) 
a Trigger Event where the value of the Original Collateral and the Swap Agreement falls to or 
beneath a certain level; (v) certain regulatory events including (but not limited to) changes in any 
applicable law, regulation, regulatory guidance or interpretation after the Issue Date of the Notes as 
a result of which (including without limitation) (A) it is or will be unlawful or there is a reasonable 
likelihood that it would become unlawful for the Issuer to maintain or perform any of its obligations 
under the Notes or (B) the costs of the Issuer in complying with its obligations under the Notes or 
the Trust Deed or its operating or administrative expenses are materially increased and the Issuer 
is unable to obtain the costs of such increase from another party; (vi) an illegality event; (vii) 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event; (viii) if specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, certain 
disruption events with respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate; (ix) certain disruption 
events with respect to a relevant Reference Rate; (x) a sanctions event; or (xi) an Additional 
Redemption Event, if applicable, the specifics of which will be set out in the Issue Terms of the 
Notes. 
An event may constitute a Collateral Event for these purposes even if it occurs prior to the Issue 
Date, provided that it occurs on or after the Initial Trade Date.
Where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes, a Collateral Event may occur in respect of one or 
more Collateral Components and, depending on the elections made in the relevant Issue Terms, 
this may result in (a) partial redemption of each Note to reflect the weighting of the Affected 
Collateral Component and, if other Collateral Components are liquidated in respect of such partial 
redemption (to make up a Shortfall Amount), the portion of such other Collateral Components 
liquidated or (b) redemption in full, notwithstanding that a Collateral Event may have only occurred 
in respect of a single Collateral Component. If, where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, other Collateral Components are required to be liquidated to make up a 
Shortfall Amount but the liquidation of such other Collateral Components would result in there being 
no Original Collateral standing to the credit of the Custody Account, the Notes will early redeem in 
full.
In addition, either the Noteholders and/or the Trustee (dependent on the relevant event and as 
specified in the Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of the Notes upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Notes, the occurrence of certain default events 
relating to the Original Collateral, upon the bankruptcy or certain other defaults of the Swap 
Counterparty or following receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent determining that an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event or a Reference Rate Redemption Event has occurred. In such 
circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required to liquidate some or all of the Collateral and/or 
the Trustee may enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the 
case may be) and any Swap Agreement may terminate in accordance with its terms (for the impact 
of an early redemption on amounts payable to Noteholders, see the risk factor entitled “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption” above).
(i)
Determinations of Swap termination payments
Upon early termination of the Swap Agreement (if any), an early termination payment based on the 
losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a replacement 
transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with the terms of 
such Swap Agreement) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or (as the case may 
be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. Such payment will generally 
be determined by the Swap Counterparty save where it is in default. The determination of any such 
losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains will be dependent on a number of factors including, 
without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments,

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS
43
(ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to 
the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and (iv) where 
a Credit Support Annex has been entered into as part of the Swap Agreement, the value of any 
collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral posted by the Issuer, thereunder. The determination 
of a termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders (see below). However, in determining a 
termination payment, the relevant party is required to act in good faith and to use commercially 
reasonable procedures to produce a commercially reasonable result.
(j)
Early redemption of the Notes following a termination of the Swap
The Notes may be redeemed early pursuant to a termination of the Swap Agreement. The Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty can both terminate the Swap Agreement following the occurrence of 
certain events under the Swap Agreement which include the following: (i) failure of either party to 
make payments when due under the Swap Agreement; (ii) the bankruptcy of either party; (iii) 
misrepresentation (of the Swap Counterparty only); (iv) illegality; (v) the occurrence of a force 
majeure event; (vi) the occurrence of certain tax events, including a Tax Event Upon Merger (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) and (vii) the occurrence of certain Additional Termination Events 
including (but not limited to) default of the Original Collateral, breach of specified covenants by the 
Issuer, service of an Early Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes the requirement of a party to 
make a deduction or withholding imposed pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime or Sections 
871 or 881 of the Code and amendments to the Transaction Documents without the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty.
(k)
Potential consequences following a Sanctions Event
Where a Sanction Event occurs in respect of a Series, which may occur where (amongst other 
things) any of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Collateral, the Collateral Obligor, the Reference 
Entity, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Dealer(s), the Custodian and/or the Swap 
Counterparty is subject to any Sanctions, payments under the Notes may be suspended and/or the 
Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer.
If payments under the Notes are suspended as a result of a Sanctions Event, (i) any such payments
that would otherwise be due to the Noteholders will be paid into a suspense account, (ii) no interest 
shall accrue and (iii) in certain circumstances, the Custodian may apply negative interest rates to 
any cash funds. As such, the amount due to Noteholders following a Sanctions Event End Date may 
be reduced by any negative interest. Prospective investors should note that (i) while a Sanctions 
Event is continuing, Noteholders will have no right to take any action to compel the Trustee or the 
Issuer to take any action or enforce the Collateral and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
amounts (if any) due to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Sanctions Event and shall take 
into account events which have occurred during the suspension period corresponding to any 
Sanctions Event. Further, the period of time that a Sanctions Event may continue is uncertain. If 
payments under the Notes are suspended following a Sanctions Event, Noteholders should be 
aware that they may not receive any payments in respect of the Notes for an indeterminate (and 
prolonged) period.
If the Notes are redeemed early by the Issuer as a result of a Sanctions Event, the ability of the 
Disposal Agent to Liquidate the Collateral and/or the ability of the parties to effect an orderly unwind 
of the Notes may be significantly affected by the existence of such Sanctions Event. In such 
circumstances, there is no assurance that the proceeds available to pay Noteholders (if any) will be 
the same as would have been the case had the relevant Sanctions not been imposed and, given 
the potentially significant impact on the ability of the Disposal Agent to Liquidate the Collateral, the 
Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders may be zero.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS
44
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be required to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Sanctions Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any 
notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any loss occasioned by the 
occurrence of a Sanctions Event.
(l)
All Classes of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Early Redemption Commencement 
Date that occurs in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, 
unless such Issue Terms also specify that “Independent Class Early Redemption” is applicable, any 
Early Redemption Commencement Date which applies in respect of one Class of Notes shall be 
deemed to apply to all Classes of Notes, and all of the Notes will be redeemed at their respective 
Early Cash Redemption Amount. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that all Notes may 
be redeemed notwithstanding that an Early Redemption Commencement Date has only occurred 
in respect of the other Class(es) of Notes.
(m)
All Classes of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Enforcement Notice in respect of 
certain Classes of Notes only
Even where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes and “Independent Class Early 
Redemption” apply in respect of a Series, if an Enforcement Notice is delivered in respect of a Class 
of Notes, all other Class(es) of Notes shall redeem early and the Enforcement Notice shall be 
deemed to apply to all Class(es) of Notes. As such, Noteholders should be aware that where the 
Trustee enforces Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, all of the Security shall 
be enforced and all Class(es) of Notes shall redeem early, even where the Enforcement Event only 
relates to certain Class(es) of Notes.
(n)
Classes may be uncollateralised depending on whether the value of the Swap Transactions 
across the Series are positive or negative to the Issuer
Where Classes apply in respect of a Series, a proportion of any Credit Support Balance of the Issuer 
that the Swap Transaction (where it is of a positive value) relating to any Class redeeming early to 
the Issuer bears to the total amount of Swap Transactions across the Series that are of a positive 
value to the Issuer shall be taken into account when determining an Unpaid Amount. Noteholders 
should be aware that as the Credit Support Balance of the Issuer will be shared out amongst the 
Swap Transactions (if any) under which the Issuer is exposed to the Swap Counterparty, where 
there are Swap Transactions that are of positive value to the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer will be 
less collateralised than would otherwise be the case, and will be exposed to the Swap Counterparty 
for the remaining amount. As such, if the Swap Counterparty is in bankruptcy, any such Classes 
being redeemed early that are of positive value to the Issuer would be unsecured against the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of amounts owing in relation to the Early Redemption Amount.
(o)
Market value of Notes
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to 
the extent that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Credit Support Annex.
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to 
(i) the value and volatility of the Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of 
any Collateral, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities or other obligations 
to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the creditworthiness of the 
issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which payments on the Notes 
may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS
45
exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) the nature and liquidity of the
Swap Agreement or any other derivative transaction entered into by the Issuer or embedded in the 
Notes or the Collateral. Any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired on the Issue 
Date.
Prospective purchasers should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be substantial. 
Accordingly, any prices provided by a Dealer may not be representative of prices that may be 
provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or quoted by a Dealer 
should not be viewed or relied upon by prospective purchasers as establishing, or constituting 
advice by that Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value of the Notes. The price (if any) provided 
by a Dealer is at the absolute discretion of that Dealer and may be determined by reference to such 
factors as it sees fit. Any such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements 
entered into by that Dealer with a third party in respect of the Notes and that Dealer shall have no 
obligation to any Noteholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as 
of a particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values 
or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price.
(p)
Inflation risk 
Recently inflation rates have increased in the UK and across the EU due to a number of 
macroeconomic factors. As such, potential investors in any Notes should be aware that the real 
yield on an investment in a Note is reduced by inflation. Consequently, the higher the rate of inflation, 
the lower the real yield on any Note will be. If the inflation rate is equal to or higher than the yield 
under a Note, the real yield the holder of any such Note will achieve will be zero or even negative.
(q)
Valuations and calculations derived from models
Valuations or calculations in respect of Notes and certain asset classes of instruments comprising 
Collateral relating to Notes have typically been based on quoted market prices or market inputs. 
However, since 2007, actively traded markets for a number of such asset classes and obligors have 
either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or limited availability of such market 
prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or calculations in 
respect of the Notes and such underlying instruments. No assurance can be given that similar 
impairment may not occur in the future.
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on valuations 
derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are based 
on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values or 
behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or interpolate 
future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market volatility and 
disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or in extreme 
departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain instances 
such data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with respect to 
prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically representative as data 
for longer periods.
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation relating 
to the Notes (including any instrument comprising Collateral relating to the Notes) that is determined 
by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the model which 
may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those predicted by the 
model.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS
46
(r)
Listing may be discontinued
Each Issuer may discontinue any listing of the Notes or the Notes may be listed on another stock 
exchange or exchanges (which may or may not, in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer, be on EEA Regulated Markets and, in the case of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, must 
not be on EEA Regulated Markets) and may or may not be in Western Europe). This could have 
adverse consequences for, and impact on, amounts payable to Noteholders.
(s)
Specified Denominations may involve integral multiples
Notes may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral multiples 
of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case (i) for so long as the 
relevant Clearing Systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of the Specified Denomination and the Integral Multiples and (ii) it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination that are not Integral 
Multiples of the Specified Denomination. A Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts as 
contemplated in (ii) above, holds an amount which is less than the Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time may need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to not less than the Specified Denomination in order 
to be able to transfer its Notes (subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System).
(t)
Application of negative interest rates
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds held 
by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer which have been transferred by the Swap Counterparty to 
cover its credit risk under any Credit Support Annex or derive therefrom. To the extent that such 
negative interest rates were to apply, the amount of cash collateral held by the Issuer in respect of 
its exposure to the Swap Counterparty would be reduced. Whilst the application of any negative 
interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Swap Counterparty unless the Swap Agreement is 
terminated as a result of an Event of Default thereunder by either the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty or as a result of a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event, where such a termination 
does occur as a result of such an Event of Default or Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event the 
reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the Issuer 
from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.
(u)
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. A decrease in market 
interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate of interest payable 
on the Notes will remain unchanged. Conversely, an increase in market interest rates will have an 
adverse impact on the value of the Notes.
(v)
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon payable by the Issuer is determined in part by reference 
to a designated interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source (including Floating Rate Notes) 
(each a “Reference Rate” for the purposes of such Notes):
(i)
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the level of the 
Reference Rate;
(ii)
during the term of the Notes, the Reference Rate may be lower than it was as at the Issue 
Date; and

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS
47
(iii)
the Reference Rate may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may be 
less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and could be zero or less 
than zero.
Prospective investors should be aware that, in respect of any Notes where “ISDA Determination” is 
specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will determine 
which of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions will apply to the Notes and/or the 
Swap Agreement from the Initial Trade Date (and neither the Swap Counterparty nor the Issuer 
takes any liability or responsibility in respect of such election). Where the Swap Agreement needs 
to be terminated early upon the Series falling due for early redemption, the value of the Swap 
Agreement may be different if the 2006 ISDA Definitions are applicable than if the Swap Agreement 
had, instead, applied the 2021 ISDA Definitions (or vice versa). In such circumstances, this may 
have an adverse impact on amounts received by a Noteholder on early redemption.
Prospective investors should also ensure that they fully understand how the interest rate applicable 
to any Series is determined and, where a Reference Rate is relevant, how such Reference Rate is 
established and administered. See the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Benchmark 
reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” below for a description of the risks relating to the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain Reference Rates.
(w)
Resolution of financial institutions
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any resolution regime may 
adversely affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Company itself is unlikely to be within scope of any 
implementing legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original Collateral 
Obligor) or the relevant Swap Counterparty is within the scope of any implementing legislation:
(i)
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral or the Swap 
Agreement (as the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person;
(ii)
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination 
rights under the Swap Agreement; or
(iii)
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap 
Agreement and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may 
be different to the value that would have been determined by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty (as the case may be)).
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is 
complex and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor or the Swap Counterparty is likely to adversely 
affect the Notes in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a 
resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under 
the Notes or any Transaction Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early 
redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. Each 
Noteholder should take such advice as it deems necessary to ensure that it understands the impact 
that a resolution regime may have on its investment in the Notes.
For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Considerations relating to 
the Resolution of Financial Institutions”.
(x)
Limited liquidity of the Notes
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to the Official List and admit them to trading 
on the Regulated Market (in respect of notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer) or on another stock 
exchange (which may or may not, in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, be on 
EEA Regulated Markets and, in the case of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, must not be on

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS
48
EEA Regulated Markets), there is currently no secondary market for the Notes. There can be no 
assurance that a secondary market for any of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does 
develop, that it will provide the holders of the Notes with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of 
the Notes. Consequently, any investor in the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an 
indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Notes. If a Dealer begins making a market for the 
Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making such a market at any time.
There may be less liquidity in any secondary market for the Notes if the Notes are exclusively offered 
to the public and not to institutional investors. In addition, any secondary market price for the Notes 
may not reflect any embedded fees and/or other additional costs or inducements included in the 
price paid for the Notes by initial investors.
(y)
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may result in investors receiving less interest or 
principal than expected
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the “Notes Currency“). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversion if 
an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency“) other than the Notes Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Notes Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Notes Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
(z)
Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event
Reference Rates, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR“), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates (LIBOR and 
EURIBOR, together with such other rates, “IBORs“), which are used to determine the amounts 
payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments have, in recent years, 
been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny and reform as to how they are created and 
operated. Pursuant to recommendations of the FSB, the FSB’s Official Sector Steering Group 
(“OSSG“) has been working with benchmark administrators to strengthen benchmarks for IBORs, 
and with financial institutions and other market participants to promote the development of 
alternative reference rates (“ARRs“) which will be used as replacements to IBORs. ARRs are in 
response to concerns over the sustainability of IBORs and the need to prepare markets for the 
suspension, discontinuance, non-representativeness or unavailability of one or more of the IBORs.
Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented or formulated. 
The Programme contains fallback provisions relating to these reforms that may impact the terms 
and conditions of any Series of Notes, and/or lead to their early redemption, if certain events or 
circumstances have occurred, or subsequently occur, in connection with a relevant Reference Rate.
(i)
The cessation or non-representativeness of LIBOR
In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) announced that the FCA would no 
longer use its influence or legal powers to persuade or compel contributing banks to make 
LIBOR submissions after the end of 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future 
cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR benchmark settings then being

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS
49
published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised and regulated 
administrator of LIBOR (the announcement being the “FCA Announcement”). The FCA 
Announcement follows the notification by IBA that it intends to cease providing all LIBOR 
settings for all currencies, subject to any rights of the FCA to compel IBA to continue 
publication. In accordance with the FCA Announcement:
(A)
publication of all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot 
next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-
week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month 
USD LIBOR settings ceased immediately after 31 December 2021;
(B)
publication of the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease immediately 
after 30 June 2023;
(C)
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese 
yen LIBOR and sterling LIBOR settings are no longer representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such setting is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; and
(D)
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that such setting is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be 
restored.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent has determined that the FCA 
Announcement constitutes a Reference Rate Event in respect of any Reference Rate which 
is any of the LIBOR settings mentioned above. A Reference Rate Event shall therefore have 
already occurred as at the date of issue of any Series of Notes using any such Reference 
Rate issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, as further set out in the risk factor 
entitled “Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event” below, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, (B) calculate an adjustment 
spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate (an “Adjustment Spread”) and 
(C) determine such amendments which it considers are necessary or appropriate in order to 
account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative Reference 
Rate. If no alternative Reference Rate can be identified or Adjustment Spread calculated, the 
Notes will be the subject of an early redemption.
The FCA has also exercised its powers under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) to compel 
IBA to continue publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR and 
sterling LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, in each case for a limited period from 1 January 
2022 onwards. All three settings for synthetic JPY LIBOR will be published for 12 months 
only, whilst continued publication of the three sterling LIBOR settings will be subject to further 
review by the FCA, with a view to potentially renewing the requirement for continued 
publication of some, or all, of those settings for a further 12 months before the end of 2022. 
With respect to 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings, the FCA will 
continue to consider the case for requiring IBA to continue their publication on a ‘synthetic’ 
basis after the end of June 2023, taking into account views and evidence from the US 
authorities and other stakeholders.
It should, however, be noted that the FCA has emphasised that it does not intend to use 
these powers for longer than necessary to ensure an orderly wind-down of LIBOR, as it does 
not view ‘synthetic’ publication as a permanent solution. The FCA has also indicated that 
publication of certain LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis is intended to assist legacy

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS
50
contract holders only, and use of ‘synthetic’ LIBOR by UK regulated firms for the purposes of 
entering into new contracts is generally prohibited under the UK Benchmark Regulation. 
Consequently, it is not expected that any new issuances of Notes will reference LIBOR 
settings.
(ii)
ARRs
Relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs and have 
identified ARRs to take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. These ARRs 
include (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), (ii) for 
EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), (iii) for USD LIBOR, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight (“SARON”) and (v) for JPY LIBOR, the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (“TONA”).
ARRs are “backward-looking” such that interest payments are calculated shortly before the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Therefore, Noteholders will have significantly less notice of 
the amounts due to be paid for an Interest Period where the relevant interest rate is 
determined by reference to an ARR. Forward-looking ARRs are not generally available as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty that they will be available in respect 
of any currency or any particular product in the future.
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, ARRs are overnight 
rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. However, ARRs are comparatively new and 
less historical data is available than for IBORs. As such, Noteholders should be aware that 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA may behave materially differently from the IBORs 
as interest reference rates and could provide a worse return over time than an IBOR.
(iii)
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series reference 
a Reference Rate, prospective investors should understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in 
place of such Reference Rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what 
amendment rights (if any) exist under the terms of such Notes and Swap Agreement. 
Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events occurring 
in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor entitled “Consequence of Original 
Collateral Disruption Event” below.
(iv)
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event
If a Series references a Reference Rate, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event might 
have already occurred at the time of issue of such Series or may occur in the future in respect 
of such Reference Rate. A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (A) the Reference 
Rate has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (B) the administrator 
of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not 
permitted under applicable law for one or more persons to perform their obligations under 
the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into by the Swap Counterparty, (C) the 
Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which such 
Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, 
(D) the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes 
a public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be
restored, such statement being made in the awareness that it will engage certain contractual

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS
51
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor or (E) if 
“Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference 
Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change.
It may be uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a 
Reference Rate. Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
Investors should be aware that if “Material Change Event” is specified to be not applicable in 
the Issue Terms, a change (whether material or not) to the definition, methodology or formula 
for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such Reference Rate will not, in itself, 
constitute a Reference Rate Event unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of Alternative 
Drawdown Document only, otherwise specified in the applicable Alternative Drawdown 
Document. Each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not be 
entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change.
(v)
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a relevant Reference Rate, it will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, (B) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate and 
(C) determine such other amendments which it considers are necessary or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as 
practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).
Investors should be aware that (I) the application of any alternative Reference Rate 
(notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential 
amendments, could result in the relevant interest rate being determined on a different day 
than originally intended and/or a lower amount being payable to Noteholders than would 
otherwise have been the case, (II) any such Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment 
Spread) and any consequential amendments shall apply without requiring the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders and (III) if no alternative Reference Rate can be identified 
or Adjustment Spread calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Conditions, 
the Notes will be the subject of an early redemption. There is no guarantee that an alternative 
Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent.
(vi)
Determination of alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread
When identifying alternative Reference Rates, the Calculation Agent may only have regard 
to (A) any alternative specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (B) Reference Rates that are 
recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions. If both an alternative Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and an industry standard replacement Reference Rate exists, the alternative 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms will take precedence.
The Adjustment Spread shall (I) take account of any transfer of economic value that would 
otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant Reference Rate under the Conditions, 
including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (or vice 
versa) as a result of any changes made to the Swap Agreement as a consequence of such 
replacement and (II) reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS
52
incurred by the Swap Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding 
any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement, which actions arose from the replacement under the Notes of 
the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, 
negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.
Where the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is determined in accordance 
with Master Condition 7(b)(ii) by reference to an ISDA Rate, if the Reference Rate Event 
would constitute an index cessation event under the ISDA Definitions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions), 
then the fallback provisions of the ISDA Definitions (including the fallback spread adjustment 
published by Bloomberg) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when 
determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. Given the different 
factors that will inform the Adjustment Spread, it may differ from the relevant fallback spread 
adjustment published by Bloomberg in respect of the relevant Reference Rate.
(vii)
Interim measures
If, following a Reference Rate Event and provided that the Notes are not to be redeemed 
early as a result thereof, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in 
respect of the Notes before the adjustments referred to above have occurred, then:
(A)
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level 
of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; 
or
(B)
if the Reference Rate is no longer available, the Reference Rate is non-representative 
or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference 
the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference 
to the level on the last day on which the rate was published, representative or could 
be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, meaning that during this 
period determinations in respect of the Notes would be made by reference to a static 
rate that could depart significantly from prevailing market rates.
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series reference 
a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event has occurred or is likely to 
occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware of the potential 
consequences of such a Reference Rate Event described above. Prospective investors 
should also be aware of the consequences of similar events occurring in respect of any 
Original Collateral. See the risk factor entitled “Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption 
Event” below.
(aa)
Impact of increased regulation
The global financial crisis led to materially increased involvement of governmental and regulatory 
authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In particular, 
governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions (including the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom and the European Union) have imposed stricter laws and regulations 
around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in 
the future. Such regulatory changes have had, and future regulatory reforms may have, a significant 
impact on the operation of the financial markets, including impacts on the operations of the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty and the other Transaction Parties as well as the value of the

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS
53
Notes. Consequences may include the early redemption of the Notes following the occurrence of 
certain regulatory events (as described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early 
redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” above).
(bb)
CREST Depository Interests (“CDIs”)
If the Issuer intends to permit interests in a Series of Notes to be held through CREST Depository 
Interests to be issued by the CREST Depository (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) investors 
in CDIs will not be the legal owners of the Notes to which such CDIs relate (such Notes being 
“Underlying Notes”). CDIs are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Notes and represent 
indirect interests in the interests of the CREST International Nominee Limited (the “CREST 
Nominee”) in such Underlying Notes. CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to investors 
and will be governed by English law.
The Underlying Notes (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such Underlying 
Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying Notes 
through the relevant clearing system. Rights in the Underlying Notes will be held through custodial 
and depositary links through the relevant clearing system. The legal title to the Underlying Notes or 
to interests in the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the relevant clearing system in or 
through which the Underlying Notes are held.
Rights in respect of the Underlying Notes and, by extension, the Collateral relating to such 
Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by holders of CDIs except indirectly through the CREST 
Depository and CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the intermediary 
depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the 
Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. These 
arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have 
been made in respect of the Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the 
relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not held 
in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on 
behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries.
If a matter arises that requires a vote of Noteholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written consent 
of the Trustee or with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements to permit the 
holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST 
Nominee in respect of the Underlying Notes. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible 
to put such voting arrangements in place for holders of CDIs.
Holders of CDIs will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or 
prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual (November 2014) issued by Euroclear UK 
& Ireland Limited and as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the “CREST 
Manual”) and the CREST Rules (contained in the CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. Holders of CDIs must comply in full with all obligations 
imposed on them by such provisions.
Investors in CDIs should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and 
the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by 
holders of CDIs and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CDIs. 
Holders of CDIs may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them.
Investors in CDIs should note that holders of CDIs may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS
54
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, 
duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding 
of the Underlying Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links Service.
Investors in CDIs should note that none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any Agent will 
have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders acting in connection with CDIs or for the respective obligations of such 
intermediaries, participants or accountholders under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.
5
Risks relating to the Collateral
(a)
Collateral
The Collateral relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the 
event of an insolvency of the issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral, various insolvency and 
related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the 
Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such Collateral.
If the Issuer has entered into a Credit Support Annex as part of its Swap Agreement, by virtue of 
the collateral requirements applicable to any such arrangements the Collateral held by it from time 
to time may comprise assets other than, or in addition to the Original Collateral, or may comprise 
less Collateral than the amount held by it on the Issue Date, as assets will be required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty which have an aggregate value (after the application of the 
relevant valuation percentage haircut specified in the Credit Support Annex) at least equal to the 
exposure that the Issuer has to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. Where the 
Issuer holds other or additional assets, the types of assets that may comprise Collateral may be 
diverse and may be less liquid and more volatile than the Original Collateral. If pursuant to the terms 
of the Credit Support Annex, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be credited to the Issuer’s Cash 
Account with the Custodian), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the Custodian’s deposit 
terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case interest will be credited to 
the Cash Account) or negative (in which case interest will be debited from the Cash Account).
The outstanding principal amount of the Original Collateral held on behalf of the Issuer may also be 
reduced from time to time (to an amount not less than zero) to the extent that Original Collateral is 
required to be transferred to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Credit Support Annex. This will 
occur if the Swap Agreement increases in value from the Swap Counterparty’s perspective. The 
principal amount of the Original Collateral shall also be reduced by an amount equal to the Collateral 
Component which has matured.
If Notes redeem other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date, the Collateral relating thereto 
will be sold or otherwise liquidated (except where otherwise transferred in accordance with the 
Conditions). No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or liquidation of 
such Collateral at that time since the market value of such Collateral will be affected by a number 
of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of the 
Collateral, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time 
remaining to the scheduled maturity of the Collateral and (iv) the liquidity of the Collateral. 
Accordingly, the price at which such Collateral is sold or liquidated may be at a discount (which 
could be substantial) to the market value of the Collateral on the Issue Date and the proceeds of 
any such sale or liquidation when taken together with the proceeds of termination of any related 
Swap Agreement and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the relevant Series of 
Notes may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of principal of and interest on the relevant Notes

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS
55
that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive in the event that the Notes were redeemed 
in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date.
The Arranger and the Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral and they shall not 
be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any of the other Transaction Parties.
Original Collateral can be collateral issued by Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG and/or 
one of their Affiliates. In such circumstances Noteholders will be subject to the credit risk of Credit 
Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG and/or their Affiliates.
(b)
Substitution of Original Collateral
A Noteholder holding more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of outstanding Notes may, if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, request a substitution of any Original Collateral with a 
nominal amount of new collateral obligations which fulfil the criteria specified in the relevant 
applicable Issue Terms. Upon effective delivery of a valid Substitution Notice to the Disposal Agent, 
the Disposal Agent shall Liquidate the Substituted Original Collateral and the Issuer shall use such 
net proceeds of Liquidation to purchase the Replacement Collateral Obligations. The net proceeds 
of Liquidation of the Substituted Original Collateral may not be sufficient to purchase the nominal 
amount of Replacement Collateral Obligations specified in the relevant Substitution Notice, and in 
such a case the aggregate nominal amount of Original Collateral after such substitution may be 
more or less than the aggregate nominal amount of Original Collateral prior to such substitution.
Where appointed under the applicable Issue Deed, the Collateral Administrator will perform certain 
functions in respect of the Original Collateral. Investors should note the risks set out in the section 
entitled “Risks relating to the Collateral Administrator” below.
(c)
Original Collateral subordination
The Original Collateral relating to any Notes may comprise direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. Where an Original Collateral 
Subordination Event occurs, the payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Original 
Collateral will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all the Original Collateral Obligor’s 
present and future unsubordinated creditors. As a result of the subordinated nature of such Original 
Collateral, the value attributed thereto by dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less than 
the value attributed to unsubordinated debt obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In 
particular, the value of such Original Collateral will be affected in the event that an Original Collateral 
Subordination Event of the Original Collateral Obligor occurs (such event will also trigger an Original 
Collateral Default) and could be zero. The value of the Original Collateral is an integral component 
of the Early Cash Redemption Amount that will be payable on the Notes were they to be redeemed 
early and will directly impact the return of the Noteholders upon early redemption.
(d)
Original Collateral correlation risk
The Collateral Obligor of any Original Collateral relating to a Series of Notes may be an Affiliate of 
Credit Suisse International, which undertakes a number of roles in respect of the Notes including 
the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent and if so specified in the Issue Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty. If a Collateral Event were to occur with respect to the Original Collateral in respect of 
which an Affiliate of Credit Suisse International is the Collateral Obligor, each of the Calculation 
Agent, the Disposal Agent and the Swap Counterparty (as applicable) may be required to take 
certain actions in order to facilitate the Issuer to meet its obligations on the Notes. In certain of such 
circumstances (most likely where the Collateral Event occurs as a result of an Original Collateral 
Default), Credit Suisse International may not be able to take one or more of such actions and

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS
56
replacement agents may need to be appointed. Any delay or failure to appoint such a replacement 
may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders.
(e)
Suspension of payments under the Notes and the Swap Agreement during the Suspension 
Period
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be suspended pursuant to the provisions 
of Master Condition 8(s) (Suspension of payments) if the Calculation Agent determines that facts 
exist which may amount to a Collateral Event following the expiration of any applicable grace period. 
During the Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no payments on account of principal and/or 
interest under the Notes; and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty shall make any 
payments under the Swap Agreement (provided that if the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes such 
suspension shall relate to a proportion of each Note corresponding to such Note’s pro rata share of
the notional amount of the Affected Collateral Component to which such suspension relates).
If a Collateral Event (i) occurs during the Suspension Period (which will continue until the Calculation 
Agent makes a determination as to whether a Collateral Event has occurred) then no further 
payments will be made under the Notes in respect of principal and/or interest and the Notes will be 
redeemed at the Early Cash Redemption Amount (provided that if the Notes are Collateral Basket 
Notes such redemption and cessation of interest shall relate to a proportion of each Note 
corresponding to such Note’s pro rata share of the notional amount of the Affected Collateral 
Component) or (ii) has not occurred on the last day of the Suspension Period, any principal and/or 
interest amount which would otherwise have been payable will be payable on the second Business 
Day following the earlier of (i) last day of such Suspension Period or (ii) the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the events which may have resulted in the Collateral Event have 
been remedied or no longer exist.
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive any further payments as a result of such suspension and 
the corresponding delay in payment of any principal and/or interest amount.
(f)
Likelihood of Original Collateral Default
The likelihood of a Collateral Event occurring in respect of any Original Collateral will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the Original 
Collateral Obligor, general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political 
events, developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. 
An investor’s investment is at risk and if a Collateral Event occurs in respect of (i) any Original 
Collateral, at least a proportion of an investor’s investment corresponding to such Original Collateral 
will be at risk (which, unless the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes, will be the entire amount) and 
(ii) in the case of Collateral Basket Notes each Collateral Component comprising the Original 
Collateral, the whole of an investor’s investment is at risk. Prospective investors should review the 
Original Collateral Obligor and conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the 
creditworthiness of the Original Collateral Obligor and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Collateral 
Event with respect to the Original Collateral Obligor.
(g)
No claim against any Original Collateral Obligor
The Notes will not represent a claim against the Original Collateral Obligor and, in the event of any 
loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the Notes to the Original Collateral Obligor.
In particular, Noteholders will not have:
(i)
the right to vote or give or withhold from giving any consent in relation to any obligation of 
any Original Collateral Obligor(s);

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS
57
(ii)
the right to receive any coupons, fees or other distributions which may be paid by any Original 
Collateral Obligor(s) to holders of any debt obligations thereof; or
(iii)
the right to receive any information from the Original Collateral Obligor(s).
Accordingly, an investment in the Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the Original Collateral.
(h)
Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event
If the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Series specify that “Original Collateral Disruption Event” 
is applicable and an Original Collateral Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment 
or replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a 
notice to the Issuer requiring it to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or (ii) redeem the Notes.
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”) 
must be to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, which will typically be determined by reference to any difference between the cash 
flows under the Original Collateral and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement which have resulted following 
the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. If there are no such hedge transactions, 
the Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include any change to the amounts 
scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of the Original 
Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event.
The Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or 
principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Original Collateral Disruption Event may not be beneficial to 
the Noteholders.
(i)
Emerging Market risk
An investment in a Series of Notes may, as a result of the nature of the Collateral, the jurisdiction 
of a Collateral Obligor or the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity, represent an investment in, among 
other things, emerging markets (“Emerging Markets”). Emerging Markets are located in countries 
that possess one or more of the following characteristics: a certain degree of political instability, 
relatively unpredictable financial markets and economic growth patterns, a financial market that is 
still at the development stage or a weak economy. Emerging Markets investments usually result in 
higher risk such as political risks, economical risks, credit risks, exchange rate risks, market liquidity 
risks, legal risks, settlement risks, market risks, shareholder risks and creditor risks which could 
adversely impact the Notes and the Noteholders could suffer losses as a result.
(j)
Bail-in eligible debt
Original Collateral may comprise bail-in eligible debt. Such Original Collateral may be subject to the 
resolution regime under the local regulations of the relevant Original Collateral Obligor and, 
consequently, to the broad statutory powers in the case of restructuring proceedings of the relevant 
local regulators (“Local Regulators“), which could adversely affect holders of the Notes. Relevant 
banking laws provide the Local Regulators with broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution 
procedures with respect to banks. In such resolution procedures, Local Regulators may require the 
conversion of the Original Collateral into equity and/or a partial or full write-off of such Original 
Collateral. In such case, the Issuer as a holder of such Original Collateral would lose all or some of 
its investment in that Original Collateral. Where Local Regulators order the conversion of any 
Original Collateral into equity, the securities received may be worth significantly less than such 
Original Collateral and may have a significantly different risk profile.

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS
58
(k)
Collateral Basket Notes
Where the Collateral Basket Product Supplement is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Notes will be Collateral Basket Notes and the Original Collateral will comprise separate 
Collateral Components and as such a Collateral Event may occur in respect of one or more 
Collateral Components, resulting in one of the following:
(i)
the partial redemption of each Collateral Basket Note to reflect the weighting of the Affected 
Collateral Component and, where elected in the relevant Issue Terms, if other Collateral 
Components are liquidated in respect of such partial redemption to make up a shortfall 
amount, a portion of the weighting of the Collateral Components to reflect the additional 
amount so liquidated; or
(ii)
the redemption in full of each Collateral Basket Note, notwithstanding that a Collateral Event 
may not have occurred in respect of the other Collateral Component(s),
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
(l)
Determination of Partial Swap Value and/or Shortfall Partial Swap Value
The Partial Swap Value (used, for Collateral Basket Notes where “Partial Unwind” or “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall” are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, to determine the Partial Swap Gain or 
Partial Swap Loss following the occurrence of a Collateral Event) and the Shortfall Partial Swap 
Value (where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and provided that a Collateral Exhaustion Event would not occur, to 
determine the Shortfall Partial Swap Gain or Shortfall Partial Swap Loss following the occurrence 
of a Collateral Event) are amounts determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the Swap Agreement (that would be 
payable either by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (which will be a “Partial Swap Loss” and a 
“Shortfall Partial Swap Loss”, as applicable) or by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (which will 
be a “Partial Swap Gain” and a “Shortfall Partial Swap Gain”, as applicable)) under the Swap 
Agreement upon a termination of the Swap Agreement on the Early Valuation Date.
The determination by the Calculation Agent of an Early Termination Amount may, without limitation, 
involve the Calculation Agent (i) valuing components of the Swap Transaction that are traded in the 
market and/or (ii) using financial models to determine the value of the Swap Transaction. Financial 
models are typically simplified projections of what is expected to occur in practice and are likely to 
contain certain assumptions which may or may not be accurate. Different financial institutions may 
use different financial models to value the same asset, which may result in diverging valuations for 
such asset. For the purpose of determining the Partial Swap Value and/or, if applicable, the Shortfall 
Partial Swap Value, the Calculation Agent shall take into account the fact that the Swap 
Counterparty’s claim against the Issuer under any replacement transaction would be limited in 
recourse to the prevailing market value of the relevant amount of the Mortgaged Property at that 
time. Such limited recourse nature could result in a lower Partial Swap Value or Shortfall Partial 
Swap Value, as applicable, than would otherwise be the case absent limited recourse. If a Partial 
Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer, the Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders will be 
lower than would otherwise be the case.
If, where the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, a Partial Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer on the early termination of 
the Swap Agreement in connection with the redemption of the Notes following a Collateral Event 
and the net proceeds of Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component are less than such Partial 
Swap Loss, an amount of Additional Collateral will be liquidated such that the net proceeds of 
Liquidation and the value of the Swap Agreement relating to such amount of Additional Collateral

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS
59
are at least equal to the Shortfall Amount. In such circumstances, the partial redemption of each 
Note will reflect a portion of the weighting of each of the Additional Collateral so liquidated (not just 
the Affected Collateral Component). For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances the amount 
of the Additional Collateral so liquidated will no longer form part of the Original Collateral in respect 
of the Notes and the Weighting of any Collateral Component from which Additional Collateral has 
been Liquidated shall be reduced by the relevant Additional Collateral Weighting. If a Partial Swap 
Loss or Shortfall Partial Swap Loss is payable by the Issuer, the Early Redemption Amount payable 
to Noteholders will be lower than would otherwise be the case.
6
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes
The following risks apply only to those Notes in respect of which the CLN Conditions Product Supplement 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Alternative Drawdown Document.
(a)
Exposure to Reference Entities, Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying Obligations, 
Underlying Obligors, Reference Obligations and Deliverable Obligations
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms, investors in Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to the credit risks and other risks associated with each relevant Reference Entity and their 
Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying Obligations, Underlying Obligors, Reference Obligations, 
Deliverable Obligations and any relevant jurisdictional risks.
Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs are linked to the credit risk of more than one Reference Entity 
and the likelihood of a Credit Event occurring and the risk of loss of principal or loss of interest on a 
Basket CLN or an Index Linked CLN may therefore be greater than for a Single Name CLN which 
is linked to the credit risk of only one Reference Entity. With respect to First-to-Default Basket CLNs 
and Linear Basket 2 CLNs, a Credit Event in respect of just one Reference Entity in the basket will 
(subject, in the case of First-to-Default Basket CLNs, to the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event following which the Swap Counterparty elects to only partially redeem the relevant 
transaction, if applicable) lead to the redemption in full of the Credit Linked Notes. The likelihood of 
a Credit Event occurring in respect of any of the Reference Entities referenced by a Basket CLN or 
an Index Linked CLN will differ for each Reference Entity and prospective investors should conduct 
their own analysis of the credit risk of each of the multiple Reference Entities for the relevant Basket 
CLN or Index Linked CLN.
Further, in respect of Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs, the credit risk to Noteholders may be 
increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or 
other risks as other Reference Entities.
The risk that the Noteholders bear in relation to the Credit Linked Notes is a function of both the risk 
of a Credit Event occurring in respect of the Reference Entity or Entities and the risk relating to the 
amount that may be recovered following such Credit Event. Where a Credit Event results in a high 
recovery rate, the Noteholders will incur a relatively small loss. Conversely, where a Credit Event 
results in a low recovery rate, Noteholders will incur a larger loss.
(b)
Synthetic exposure
Prospective investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes do not represent a claim against any 
Reference Entity and, in the event of any loss, investors in Credit Linked Notes will not have 
recourse under the Credit Linked Notes to any Reference Entity nor shall a Noteholder have any 
legal, beneficial or other interest whatsoever in any of the Reference Entity Obligations, the 
Reference Obligations, the Valuation Obligations or the Deliverable Obligations relating to a Credit 
Linked Note. The Issuer is not obliged to own or hold any Reference Entity Obligation or Reference

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS
60
Obligation, and no inference may be drawn from the Programme, the Additional CLN Conditions or 
any relevant Issue Terms that the Issuer holds any such Reference Entity Obligation or Reference 
Obligation or has any credit exposure to any Reference Entity. Amounts payable under the Credit 
Linked Notes are not, in any direct or indirect way, limited by, associated with, or linked or calculated 
by reference to, any loss of bargain, cost of funding or any other actual loss or cost suffered by the 
Issuer as a result of its holding or not holding any Reference Entity Obligation or Reference 
Obligation. Amounts received by holders of Credit Linked Notes may be lower than would have 
been the case if the Issuer, or the investor directly, were to hold the Reference Entity, Reference 
Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation.
(c)
Credit Events
Prospective investors should note that not all Credit Events have easily ascertainable triggers and 
disputes can and have arisen as to whether a specific event did or did not constitute a Credit Event. 
However, under the Credit Linked Notes and subject to any determinations made by an ISDA DC 
which will be binding on the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Calculation Agent, the ISDA DC 
and/or the Swap Counterparty’s determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Noteholders), 
notwithstanding the disagreement of such persons or other financial institutions, rating agencies or 
commentators.
The occurrence or non-occurrence of a Credit Event will directly and materially affect the return 
and/or the value of the investor’s investment in the Notes. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring 
in respect of any Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among other things, the financial 
condition and other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general economic conditions, the 
condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular 
industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Public information which is available in relation to 
any Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out-of-date.
Unless, in accordance with the Additional CLN Conditions, the ISDA DC makes a DC Credit Event 
Announcement or a DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Swap Counterparty is bound by 
such determination, the Swap Counterparty has the right to serve a Credit Event Notice and, if 
applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in respect of a Reference Entity. The Swap 
Counterparty cannot make such determination without some information to support its determination 
that a Credit Event has occurred and where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is applicable 
it must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described 
in the Credit Event Notice.
The Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) are effective 
when delivered to the Issuer. The delivery of or failure to deliver copies of a Credit Event Notice and 
Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) to Noteholders will not affect the effectiveness 
of such notices.
(d)
Risk of loss of principal
Investors bear the risk of loss of principal if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date 
occur. The Early Cash Redemption Amount payable under the Notes following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date in accordance with Additional CLN Conditions 
6 (Auction Redemption Terms), 7 (Cash Redemption Terms) and 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Terms), in respect of a Series of Notes is likely to be less than the outstanding principal amount of 
the Notes (or, in the case of (i) Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal 
to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) all Credit 
Linked Notes, if the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, an amount 
equal to the Applicable Proportion) and may be zero.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS
61
See also the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes – Risks relating to the Credit 
Event redemption method” below.
(e)
Risk of loss of Interest
Save as otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms, if a Credit Event occurs, interest will cease 
to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes (or, in the case of (i) Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked 
CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity and (ii) all Credit Linked Notes, if the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event, an amount equal to the Applicable Proportion as at the Interest Payment Date (or Interest 
Commencement Date where no Interest Payment Date has occurred)) occurring on or immediately 
preceding the relevant Event Determination Date.
(f)
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make interest payments under the Notes
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (i) an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and no corresponding 
DC Resolution has been published or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that factors exist which 
may amount to a Credit Event, then the payment of interest (if any) under the Credit Linked Notes 
will be suspended (or, in the case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion thereof 
equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a potential 
Credit Event may occur). Noteholders will not receive payment of such suspended interest amount 
until (i) an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal is made; (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has 
not occurred or (iii) that an Event Determination Date has occurred but such Event Determination 
Date occurred after the Interest Payment Date in relation to which the interest payment was 
suspended. The Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount five Reference Business 
Days following the date on which the relevant determination under (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable, was 
made. No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in 
connection with the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount.
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event 
Determination Date falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended 
interest amount will no longer be due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed to 
cease to accrue on the Notes (or, in the case of Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion 
thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity) from and 
including the Interest Payment Date (or, the Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date) immediately preceding such Event Determination Date.
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the proportion of the suspended interest amount which relates 
to (i) the Applicable Proportion shall no longer be due under the Notes and will be deemed to have 
ceased to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date (or, the Interest Commencement 
Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) immediately preceding such Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the remaining suspended interest amount will be paid to Noteholders 
five Reference Business Days following the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is 
delivered.
(g)
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make principal payments under the Notes
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements) if following the occurrence 
of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date or, if 
applicable, an Auction Final Price Determination Date or a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, in 
respect of a Reference Entity an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement has been

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS
62
made any obligation to redeem the Notes in whole or in part shall be suspended until the date of an 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as 
applicable.
(h)
Early Cash Redemption Amount in respect of Credit Linked Notes following a Credit Event
If a Credit Event occurs with respect to any Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes will fall due for redemption at an amount equal in aggregate to the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount and no further payments of interest and/or principal in respect of the Applicable 
Proportion of such Notes will be due and payable. The Early Cash Redemption Amount is, in respect 
of Credit Linked Notes and the Applicable Proportion, an amount determined with respect to the 
Series (or, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, each Class) of Notes, in 
the Specified Currency (although, for the avoidance of doubt, each component of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in the Base Currency, with the final amount converted into 
the Specified Currency once all determinations are made) by the Calculation Agent which will take 
into account (a) the Collateral Proceeds, (b) the Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss, (c) the 
Credit Event Loss Amount, and (d) where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, any interest 
amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance 
from time to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance which, where Classes apply, 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, is attributable to 
the Swap Transaction relating to each Class of Notes being redeemed. For a description of 
“Applicable Proportion”, please refer to “What is the Applicable Proportion?” of the Annex to the 
CLN Conditions Product Supplement Frequently Asked Questions on page 295 of this Base 
Prospectus.
The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss reflects the early termination amount that the 
Calculation Agent determines would be payable to the Issuer (in the case of an Affected Swap Gain) 
or by the Issuer (in the case of an Affected Swap Loss) upon the early termination of the Swap 
Agreement. The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss takes into account, among other things, 
(i) the scheduled payments under the Notes; (ii) the scheduled payments under the Original 
Collateral which determine the amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement; and (iii) the limited recourse nature of the Swap Agreement in respect of the 
Issuer’s obligations thereunder. Where Classes apply, the Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap 
Loss in respect of each Class of Notes will be valued separately, in the Base Currency for such 
Class, and a relevant portion of the Credit Support Annex will be similarly attributed to each Class 
of Notes.
(i)
Risks relating to the Credit Event redemption method
The Credit Event redemption method (i.e. one of “Auction Redemption”, “Cash Redemption” or 
“Fixed Recovery Redemption”) specified in the relevant Issue Terms will affect how the Credit 
Linked Notes are redeemed. Prospective investors should assess whether the Credit Event 
Redemption Method is appropriate for them prior to investing in the Credit Linked Notes.
(i)
Auction Redemption
If “Auction Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
amounts payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Obligation will be determined in 
accordance with the Auction Final Price. This may result in a lower recovery value than a 
Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would have if such Auction Final Price had not 
been used.

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS
63
If an ISDA DC does not decide to conduct an Auction with respect to obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity satisfying the relevant characteristics as set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then Cash Redemption shall apply. In such circumstances, the Value of the 
Valuation Obligations will be determined using Quotations in respect of the Deliverable 
Obligations.
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Auction Final Price may be 
determined by reference to the value of the Asset Package received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in connection 
with such Asset Package Credit Event. Such Asset Package may be worth significantly less 
than the original Package Observable Bond prior to such Asset Package Credit Event and 
may result in a significantly lower Early Cash Redemption Amount being paid out to 
Noteholders than would have been the case following the relevant Credit Event had the 
Auction Final Price ben determined only by reference to Deliverable Obligations.
(ii)
Cash Redemption
If “Cash Redemption” applies with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (which will be the case 
when Auction Redemption is not possible), the Calculation Agent will value the Reference 
Obligation or any other obligation of the Reference Entity fulfilling certain criteria including 
the Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics by asking for 
Quotations from Quotation Dealers. The date, time and method of such auction, and the 
selection of the Reference Obligation, will impact the Value of the Valuation Obligations. The 
Quotation Dealers selected by the Calculation Agent must be financial institutions, funds or 
other entities that purchase or deal in obligations similar to the Reference Obligation; 
however, the Quotation Dealers have no duty towards any Noteholder and may not be aware 
that the purpose of the auction is to determine a Value of the Valuation Obligations for 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes or any other Credit Linked Notes.
Investors should note that the Value of the Valuation Obligations determined pursuant to a 
dealer poll may be significantly different to any Auction Final Price.
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations may be determined by reference to the value of the Asset Package received or 
retained by a Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond which would otherwise have been valued in order to determine the Value 
of the Valuation Obligations. Such Asset Package may be worth significantly less than the 
original Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event and may result in a significantly lower Early Cash Redemption Amount 
being paid out to Noteholders than would have been the case following the relevant Credit 
Event had the Value of the Valuation Obligations been determined only by reference to 
Deliverable Obligations.
(iii)
Fixed Recovery Redemption
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, the return 
a Noteholder receives under the Notes (or if the Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index 
Linked CLNs, in respect of a proportion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount attributable 
to the relevant Reference Entity) will be determined according to the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS
64
If a fixed recovery percentage of zero is applicable in respect of the Notes, following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and applicable Event Determination Date the Issuer shall not 
make any payment of principal to the Noteholders under the Notes (or if the Notes are Linear 
Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, in respect of a proportion of the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount attributable to the relevant Reference Entity). The Noteholders will receive 
no payment of principal and will lose their entire invested amount if the Credit Linked Notes 
are linked to a single Reference Entity.
(j)
Partial exercise following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event
Restructuring as a Credit Event is unique in that there are three variations of this Credit Event which 
can apply to Reference Entities. The M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event relates to a Mod R or Mod 
Mod R Restructuring Credit Event. Other than for Linear Basket 2 CLNs (in respect of which the 
Swap Counterparty shall not have the right to trigger a partial redemption (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Swap Counterparty has the right in such 
circumstances to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes equal to the Exercise Amount. Such 
Exercise Amount may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount for a Single Name CLN 
(or in relation to Linear Basket 1 CLNs, First-to-Default Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs the 
proportion of a Note equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount attributable to the Affected 
Reference Entity). This mirrors the right the Swap Counterparty would have under a credit default 
swap to trigger partial settlement of the credit default swap following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event and related Event Determination Date.
For Linear Basket 2 CLNs, Noteholders should be aware that, unlike a standard credit default swap 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty will not have 
the right to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
and, accordingly, the Notes will instead be redeemed in full following the occurrence of such a Credit 
Event.
(k)
Reference Obligation Subordination
Where, in respect of a Series, a Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation of the Reference 
Entity, in the event of the winding up of the Reference Entity in bankruptcy or otherwise, the payment 
of principal on the Reference Obligation will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all of the 
present and future unsubordinated creditors of the Reference Entity. As such, Noteholders should 
be aware that, upon a Credit Event the Auction Final Price or Value of the Valuation Obligations (as 
applicable) of the Reference Obligation may be substantially less than the Auction Final Price or 
Value of the Valuation Obligations (as applicable) determined in respect of obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are not subordinated and could be zero. 
(l)
Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations
Following a Succession Date, one or more Successor Reference Entity or Successor Reference 
Entities will (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) be deemed to be a Reference 
Entity in replacement of (or in addition to, as applicable) the relevant Reference Entity originally 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Further, upon a Reference Obligation ceasing to exist in the 
manner specified in the definition thereof, a Substitute Reference Obligation may be selected.
As a result of the circumstances discussed in the preceding paragraph, a Series of Notes may be 
linked to the credit of one or more Reference Entities and their Reference Entity Obligations and 
Reference Obligations notwithstanding that such Reference Entities, Reference Entity Obligations 
and Reference Obligations were not specified in the relevant Issue Terms upon issuance of such 
Series of Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS
65
If one or more Successors are identified in respect of a Reference Entity this could increase the 
likelihood of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occurring in respect of the Notes.
Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Additional CLN Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such determination if an ISDA DC has already determined that 
such event does not constitute a Succession Event; (ii) is required to act on the basis of Eligible 
Information and (iii) is required to act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner in 
accordance with Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions). For further information see the 
risk factor entitled “Risks relating to other parties – Calculation Agent calculations and 
determinations”.
(m)
Redemption after Scheduled Maturity Date
Redemption may occur irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing on or after a 
relevant Event Determination Date. The Early Redemption Date may be later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. If the Calculation Agent determines that one or more Reference Entities is or may be 
subject to (a) a Credit Event, (b) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay or, (c) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, the Credit Linked Notes then 
outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed instead 
on the Extended Maturity Date. If an extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date applies pursuant to 
and in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension), the Swap 
Counterparty may deliver a Credit Event Notice and if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information or the ISDA DC may make a DC Credit Event Announcement which will trigger 
settlement of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the Auction Redemption Terms, Cash 
Redemption Terms or Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms, as the case may be and each as set out 
in the Additional CLN Conditions, after the Scheduled Maturity Date.
If the Maturity Date of the Notes is extended in such circumstances the Noteholders will not receive 
payment of principal and interest (if any) payable on such date. Upon such a postponement of the 
Maturity Date Noteholders may or may not be entitled to receive interest on any unpaid amounts. 
The relevant Issue Terms will specify whether or not Postponement Interest is applicable.
If an Event Determination Date (i) has not occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then the 
Notes will be redeemed on the fifth Reference Business Day following the Notes Extension Date 
(or, if relevant, such other date specified in the applicable Issue Terms); (ii) has occurred on or prior 
to the Notes Extension Date then the Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date in 
accordance with the Auction Settlement Terms, Cash Redemption Terms or Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms, as applicable. No further interest amount will be payable under the Notes 
following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date from and including the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date or such other date specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable).
(n)
Early Cash Redemption Amount in respect of Credit Linked Notes where no Credit Event has 
occurred
Where Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early for any reason other than the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, interest shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue from and including the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date or (if no such preceding Interest Payment Date) the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Notes will fall due for redemption at an amount equal in aggregate to the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount and no further payments of interest and/or principal in respect of 
any Notes will be due and payable.

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS
66
The Early Cash Redemption Amount is, where no Credit Event has occurred, an amount determined 
with respect to the Notes (or, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, each 
Class of Notes), in the Specified Currency (although, for the avoidance of doubt, each component 
of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined in the Base Currency, with the final 
amount converted into the Specified Currency once all determinations are made) for the Notes, by 
the Calculation Agent which will take into account (a) the Collateral Proceeds, (b) the portion of any 
Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer by the Swap 
Counterparty (and, where Classes apply, is attributable to such Class of Notes being redeemed), 
(c) the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (and, where Classes apply, is attributable to such Class of Notes 
being redeemed) and (d) where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, any interest amount 
to be transferred to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance from time 
to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance. Where Classes apply, each of limbs (b), 
(c) and (d) will be subject to the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as to what portion or amount is attributable to the Swap Transaction relating to 
each Class of Notes being redeemed.
The Collateral Proceeds represents, in the Base Currency, all cash sums derived from Liquidation 
of the Applicable Proportion of the Collateral or, where Classes apply, the Applicable Proportion of 
the Class Collateral.
The Termination Payment payable to the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, or from the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty, represents an aggregated amount due under the Swap Agreement 
following an early termination of the same.
Prospective Noteholders must read and understand all the provisions herein that relate to the 
calculation of the Early Cash Redemption Amounts before investing in the Notes.
(o)
Additional CLN Conditions
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the definitions 
and provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as such definitions may be amended 
by the supplements thereto and there may be differences between the definitions used in the 
Additional CLN Conditions and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. As such, investing in 
Credit Linked Notes is not exactly the same as entering into a credit default swap that incorporates 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.
While ISDA has published the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market is 
expected to continue to evolve and change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including Credit Linked Notes, are subject to 
interpretation and further evolution. Past events have shown that the views of market participants 
may differ as to how the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions operate or should operate. As a 
result of the continued evolution in the market, interpretation of the Credit Linked Notes may differ 
in the future because of future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the 
Credit Linked Notes.
There can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will 
be predictable or favourable to the Issuer or Noteholders. Future amendments or supplements to 
the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will only apply to Credit Linked Notes that have 
already been issued if the Issuer and the Noteholders agree to amend the Credit Linked Notes to 
incorporate such amendments or supplements and other conditions to amending the Credit Linked 
Notes have been met.

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS
67
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions introduced the new Asset Package Delivery 
provisions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA 
have not been updated to reflect such Asset Package Delivery provisions. The Calculation Agent 
has discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package if it determines that the 
Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package and in doing so the 
Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any Auction Settlement Terms published 
by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset Package Credit Event.
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any 
corresponding adjustment to the price must comply with the provisions of Additional CLN Condition 
6(d) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) which includes (i) the Calculation Agent preserving 
the economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes; and (ii) the Calculation Agent not 
taking into account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset Package that has 
been taken into account in determining the Auction Final Price published by the DC Secretary. The 
Calculation Agent is also under a duty to act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
when making such determination pursuant to Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions).
(p)
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (each, an “ISDA DC”) were established 
pursuant to the March 2009 Supplements to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Further information about the ISDA DCs may be found at 
https://dc.isda.org/.
Whether or not a Credit Event or Succession Event has occurred, and certain decisions relating 
thereto, may be dependent on determinations made by the ISDA DC. In certain circumstances, 
determinations made by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent may be overridden by 
subsequent determinations made by an ISDA DC. If the Issuer delivers a Credit Event Notice or 
Succession Event Notice to the Trustee, the Noteholders should be aware that such notice may be 
superseded by a determination of an ISDA DC.
The Swap Counterparty and the Calculation Agent as applicable shall have regard to and, where 
applicable, be bound by decisions made by an ISDA DC.
Noteholders will have no ability to submit questions to an ISDA DC, no influence on the composition 
of an ISDA DC and no recourse to ISDA or to the members of such ISDA DC, in each case solely 
by virtue of being an investor in the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the 
Calculation Agent will have any liability to the Noteholders where they rely on a determination of an 
ISDA DC.
Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates are currently members of one or more ISDA 
DCs. In reaching decisions, neither Credit Suisse International nor any other member of an ISDA 
DC will take account of the interests of the Noteholders.
Whilst Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates acting in their respective capacities as 
members of any relevant ISDA DC may make determinations in respect of Reference Entities and/or 
any obligations of such Reference Entities which could have an adverse impact on the Notes held 
by investors, such determinations will not be made by Credit Suisse International or any applicable 
affiliate unilaterally.
Noteholders shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent, Credit Suisse International and or any of its affiliates, any institutions serving on

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS
68
an ISDA DC or the external reviewers in the event of any loss arising directly or indirectly from any 
action, determination or resolution taken or made by an ISDA DC.
(q)
A Credit Event may occur even if the Issuer and/or Swap Counterparty suffers no loss
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and the Swap Transaction are irrespective of any loss 
which the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty may suffer as a result of the circumstances giving 
rise to a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date. Neither the Issuer nor the Swap 
Counterparty are required to suffer any loss, liability or other detriment at any time as a condition to 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, nor is any party required to 
have any credit exposure to any Reference Entity at any time.
(r)
Determination of Value
Whilst the Value of the Valuation Obligations are determined by reference to Quotations, if no 
Quotations are obtained, such value shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner. Where an asset the value of which is being sought is 
illiquid or of a low notional amount, there may be a limited availability of dealers willing to provide 
Quotations. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent would instead make such determination 
in accordance with the provisions of Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions); for further 
information please see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to other parties – Calculation Agent 
calculations and determinations”. No assurance can be given that sufficient numbers of Quotations 
will be available.
(s)
Hedging
In the ordinary course of their business, including without limitation in connection with their 
market-making activities, each Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Quotation Dealers 
and/or any agent or any Affiliate of any of them (each such entity for the purposes of this risk factor, 
a “Programme Party”) may effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers and hold long or short positions in any applicable Reference Obligation or related 
derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the Credit Linked Notes, any Programme 
Party may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to a Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities, any applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives. Credit Suisse 
International and Credit Suisse AG have policies and procedures in place to identify and manage 
any conflicts of interest that may arise in relation to the above activities, for further information see 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Conflicts of Interest”. In connection with such hedging 
or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by any 
Programme Party, a Programme Party may enter into transactions with respect to the Reference 
Entity or Entities, any applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives which may affect the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Credit Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any Programme Party may pursue such hedging or 
related derivatives actions and take such steps as they deem necessary or appropriate to protect 
their interests without regard to the consequences for any Noteholder.
(t)
Change in Standard Hedging Terms
If the Calculation Agent determines that the terms of any hedging activities that the Swap 
Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) has or may enter into in connection with the credit default 
swap are modified pursuant to any protocol published by ISDA or any equivalent market 
arrangement (determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) (a “Change in Standard Hedging Terms”) has occurred, it may make such 
amendments to the terms of any of the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines 
(acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) are appropriate to account for the

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS
69
effect (including, without limitation, the economic effect) of such Change in Standard Hedging Terms 
on any hedging activities that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) may enter into in 
connection with the credit default swap.
It is possible that, as a result of such amendments, the interest rate under the Notes and/or the 
credit default swap may change and/or other amendments may be made to the Notes and/or the 
Transaction Documents. The Noteholders will be bound by such amendments and it is possible that 
such amendments may negatively impact the valuation profile of the credit default swap, and/or 
value, marketability and/or return on the Notes and Noteholders may suffer a loss.
(u)
No Guarantee of Performance
The Credit Linked Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that are 
linked to the credit risk of each Reference Entity and/or Reference Obligation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. No Programme Party (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Hedging” above) 
guarantees, or otherwise stands behind, the performance of any Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation or is under any obligation to make good losses suffered as a result of Credit Events each 
of which may negatively impact on the value, marketability and/or return on the Notes and the losses 
that Noteholders may suffer.
(v)
LPN Reference Entities
If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Additional CLN Conditions will 
apply in a way that reflects the Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities published by ISDA 
on 15 September 2014. The Additional CLN Conditions, among other things, amend and expand 
the definition of “Reference Obligation” to cover (among other things) loan participation notes 
(“LPN”) which, as of the Trade Date for the Swap Transaction, are issued for the sole purpose of 
providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the 
relevant Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of obligations that are 
not direct obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
conduct their own review and investigation of any LPN which may constitute a Reference Obligation, 
the issuer(s) of such LPN and associated credit risks.
7
Risks relating to other parties
(a)
Reliance on creditworthiness of Credit Suisse International and/or Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its London Branch and/or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes depends on the receipt by it of 
payments under the Swap Agreement. Furthermore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and to remain solvent may be impaired if Credit Suisse International (acting as the 
Arranger), fails to pay the Issuer’s fees and expenses and neither the Trustee nor the holders of the 
Notes elect to pay such fees and expenses. Investors in the Notes are accordingly exposed, as to 
both principal and interest, to the credit risk of Credit Suisse International.
Potential investors should further note that Credit Suisse International and/or Credit Suisse AG, 
acting through its London Branch and/or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch
may be subject to recovery and resolution measures pursuant to national laws transposing and 
implementing the BRRD (as further described in the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Resolution of financial institutions” above) and other similar legislation in other jurisdictions, 
including Article 12 para. 2bis of the Banking Ordinance of 30 April 2014 (Verordnung über die 
Banken und Sparkassen; SR 952.02) as supplemented by Chapter 5 Article 56 and 61a of the 
“Ordinance of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority on the Insolvency of Banks and

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS
70
Securities Dealers” (Verordnung der Eidgenössischen Finanzmarktaufsicht über die Insolvenz von 
Banken und Effektenhändlern; SR 952.05) as construed in accordance with Swiss law.
(b)
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Agreement
(i)
The Swap Counterparty
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes may depend on the receipt 
by it of payments under the Swap Agreement (if any). Consequently, the Issuer is exposed 
not only to the occurrence of an Original Collateral Default in relation to the Original Collateral 
and the volatility in the market value of the Collateral, but also to the ability of the relevant 
Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Swap Agreement. Default by such 
Swap Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement and, in such 
circumstance, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination may not be paid in full.
Default by the relevant Swap Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap 
Agreement and, in such circumstances, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination 
may not be paid in full. If, on the termination of the Swap Agreement an amount is payable 
by such Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt taking into account any 
collateral posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex to 
the Swap Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against the relevant 
Swap Counterparty. Any termination of the Swap Transactions under a Swap Agreement will 
result in a redemption in full of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such 
redemption, the amount paid or delivered to Noteholders to redeem the Notes may be 
significantly less than the Noteholder’s original investment in such Notes and may be zero.
If on the termination of the Swap Agreement an amount is payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex to the Swap 
Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against such Swap Counterparty 
for such amount.
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Swap Agreement is also 
dependent on the timely payment and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Swap Agreement. The ability of the Issuer to make timely payment and/or delivery of its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement depends on receipt by it of the scheduled payments 
under and/or deliveries of the Original Collateral. Consequently, the Issuer is also exposed 
to the ability of the issuers and guarantors of the Original Collateral to perform their respective 
payment and/or delivery obligations.
In the circumstances specified in any Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Swap Counterparty may terminate all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement in full, as described in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “The Swap Agreement”. Any such termination of the Swap 
Transactions under a Swap Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the relevant Series 
of Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such redemption, the amount paid or 
delivered to Noteholders to redeem such Notes may be significantly less than the 
Noteholder’s original investment in such Notes and may be zero.
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Pass-Through Note Terms Product 
Supplement applies to a Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer will not enter into a Swap Agreement.
The relevant Swap Counterparty may also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk 
factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial institutions” above).

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS
71
(ii)
SFTR (Article 15) Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements risk disclosure
In respect of each Series, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as defined 
below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003 
under UK SFTR (as defined below)) (each such arrangement, a “Title Transfer Arrangement”) 
with a counterparty (as the “Title Transfer Counterparty”), as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the relevant Series. The Credit Support Annex will constitute Title 
Transfer Arrangements.
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) (“EU 
SFTR”) and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), the transferee of securities under 
any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the transferor of such securities of the 
general risks and consequences that may be involved in entering into a Title Transfer 
Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below and are also relevant for Noteholders even 
though they will not be directly party to any Title Transfer Arrangement, particularly in 
circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of securities under a Title Transfer 
Arrangement.
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer Arrangement 
is referred to as the “Transferor”, the person to whom such securities are transferred is 
referred to as the “Transferee” and the securities so transferred are referred to as the 
“Securities Collateral”.
(A)
Loss of proprietary rights in Securities Collateral
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Securities 
Collateral transferred to a Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security granted 
by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement. If the 
Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title Transfer Arrangement, the 
Transferor’s claim for delivery of equivalent Securities Collateral will not be secured 
and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement and applicable law. 
Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such equivalent Securities Collateral 
(although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to 
the Transferee under such Title Transfer Arrangement can be netted or set-off against 
the obligation of the Transferee to deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the 
Transferor).
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Securities Collateral, such 
securities will cease to form part of the Mortgaged Property such that Noteholders will 
no longer have the benefit of security over such securities. If the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the Mortgaged 
Property will not include equivalent Securities Collateral which the Issuer might 
otherwise have been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, Noteholders 
should be aware that the net proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may 
be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under the Notes and 
consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee).

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS
72
The Title Transfer Counterparty will not have any proprietary rights in the Securities 
Collateral transferred to the Issuer. If the Issuer defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, the Title Transfer Counterparty’s claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral will, as a result of the applicable payment waterfall, be 
subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other Secured Creditors in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the equivalent 
Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced to the extent 
that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer Arrangement can be 
netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to deliver equivalent 
Securities Collateral to the Transferor).
(B)
Stay of proceedings following resolution process
In the event that a resolution process (i.e. the process by which the authorities can 
intervene to manage the failure of a firm in an orderly fashion) is commenced by a 
resolution authority under any relevant resolution regime in relation to the Transferee, 
then (i) any rights that the Transferor may have to take any action against the 
Transferee, such as to terminate the Title Transfer Arrangement, may be subject to a 
stay by the relevant resolution authority and (ii) the Transferor’s claim for delivery of 
equivalent Securities Collateral may be reduced (in part or in full) or converted into 
equity or (iii) a transfer of assets or liabilities may result in the Transferor’s claim 
against the Transferee being transferred to different entities, although the Transferor 
may be protected to the extent that the exercise of resolution powers is restricted by 
the availability of set-off or netting rights.
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that the Issuer may not be able to 
immediately enforce its rights against the Title Transfer Counterparty and its rights 
may be altered by operation of law or contract. Noteholders will be exposed to the risk 
of such delay and alteration of rights against the Title Transfer Counterparty.
(C)
Loss of voting rights in respect of Securities Collateral
The Transferor in respect of any Securities Collateral will not be entitled to exercise, 
or direct the Transferee to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to 
the Securities Collateral.
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the Noteholders 
will not have any right under the Notes to direct the Issuer to exercise any voting, 
consent or similar rights attached to the Securities Collateral.
(D)
No information provided in respect of Securities Collateral
The Transferee will have title to any Securities Collateral and may or may not continue 
to hold such Securities Collateral and as such it will have no obligation to inform the 
Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any Securities Collateral.
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to 
Noteholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Securities Collateral.
(c)
Risks relating to the Custodian
(i)
Custodian risk
Collateral in the form of cash or transferable securities will be held in an account of the 
relevant Custodian (being The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in 
respect of the Luxembourg Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch in

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS
73
respect of the Cayman Issuer) in the name of the relevant Issuer. Where the Collateral 
consists of assets other than cash or transferable securities, it may be held in the name of 
the Issuer or under the control of the relevant Custodian or in such other manner as is 
approved by the Trustee.
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the relevant Custodian under the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held). Consequently, the Noteholders are 
relying on the ability of the Custodian to perform its obligations under the Agency Agreement 
for such Notes.
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian 
for the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker 
and not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and will represent 
only an unsecured claim against the relevant Custodian’s assets.
In respect of The Bank of New York Mellon London Branch as Custodian, Collateral in the 
form of securities may be held in a commingled account of the Custodian with securities of 
other clients of the Custodian and securities so held shall be treated as fungible. The 
Custodian may use the Cayman Issuer’s securities in connection with facilitating timely 
settlement of securities trades for other clients of the Custodian. As a result, the Noteholders 
are relying on there being no shortfall in any such commingled account.
(ii)
Sub-custodians, depositaries and Clearing Systems
(A)
Credit risk
Under the Agency Agreement the Issuer authorises the relevant Custodian to hold the 
Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with any sub-custodian, any 
securities depositary or at such other account keeper or clearing system as may be 
appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the Collateral.
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, the Custodian will remain liable for 
the losses resulting from the negligence, wilful default or fraud of such sub-custodian. 
Where the Collateral is held with a securities depositary or clearing system (whether 
via the Custodian, a sub-custodian or otherwise), the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of 
payments from the Custodian under the Agency Agreement for the Notes (if the 
Collateral is so held) and, in turn, the Custodian (and any applicable sub-custodian) 
will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such, securities 
depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on 
the creditworthiness of the Collateral and the ability of the Custodian to perform its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement for such Notes (and any obligations of any 
sub-custodian under or pursuant to the Agency Agreement or otherwise), but also on 
the performance of the respective obligations of, and the creditworthiness of any 
securities depositary or clearing system holding the Collateral deposited by the 
Custodian or any sub-custodian.
(B)
Lien/Right of set-off
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or 
clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral held 
with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the 
Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, security 
depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, which may

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS
74
result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of the Collateral, 
and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with 
respect to the Notes.
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will 
not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the relevant 
Custodian under the Agency Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) but 
will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system 
not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it holds. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due any 
fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositaries or clearing systems (or 
the ability of the Issuer to pay such amounts due to the Custodian and/or the sub-
custodians, security depositary or clearing system).
(d)
Risks relating to the Paying Agents
Any payments and/or deliveries made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be 
made by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the relevant Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer is to transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent such 
amount as may be due under the Notes, on or before each date on which such payment and/or 
deliveries in respect of the Notes becomes due.
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the relevant Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment 
to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all 
(or any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the relevant Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such 
unpaid amounts but the Issuer will have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part 
thereof) and Noteholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but 
also on the creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the relevant Paying Agents in 
respect of the performance of its obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate 
payments to Noteholders.
(e)
Risks relating to the Disposal Agent
(i)
Liquidation
Where the Notes of a Series or a Class thereof are to be redeemed as a result of a 
redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity Date, or where the Collateral has a stated 
maturity falling after the Maturity Date of the Notes, the Disposal Agent is generally required 
to sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral. Except as otherwise set out in the Conditions, the 
Disposal Agent is permitted to sell all or any part of the Collateral at any time or at different 
times during the relevant period or in stages in respect of smaller portions, and will not have 
any liability for doing so if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken place 
at a different time during such specified period and/or had or had not been effected in stages 
in respect of smaller portions. Further, if the Notes are Collateral Basket Notes and “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the net proceeds of 
Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component are less than such Partial Swap Loss, the 
Disposal Agent shall determine, in its absolute discretion, which Additional Collateral to 
liquidate to make up such Shortfall Amount.
The Disposal Agent may elect not to liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances
including without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. If the Disposal Agent decides not to

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS
75
liquidate the Collateral (i) it shall not be held liable for failing to liquidate the Collateral in such 
circumstances; and (ii) this could affect the ability of the Issuer to make payment of any 
amounts on account of interest and/or principal under the Notes to Noteholders.
If the Company is subject to a Bankruptcy Event, to the extent that a competent bankruptcy 
officer has been appointed in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings, such bankruptcy 
officer will replace the Disposal Agent and will Liquidate the Collateral in accordance with the 
applicable legal and regulatory provisions.
(ii)
Replacement Disposal Agent
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either by the Issuer, 
with the prior approval of the Trustee and (unless either a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit 
Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or a Swap Counterparty Event has occurred) the 
Swap Counterparty or by the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution. Arranging for 
and appointing any such replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral 
and related payments and/or deliveries on the Notes and there is no guarantee that any 
replacement will be found. Any delay or failure to appoint such a replacement may have 
adverse consequences for the Noteholders.
(f)
Risks relating to the Calculation Agent
(i)
Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event
Upon the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Calculation Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the relevant Issuer will be required to 
appoint a replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either by 
the Issuer, with the prior approval of the Trustee and (unless either a Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or a Swap Counterparty Event 
has occurred) the relevant Swap Counterparty or by the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary 
Resolution. Arranging for and appointing any such replacement may delay certain 
determinations and related payments and/or deliveries on the Notes and there is no 
guarantee that any replacement will be found. Any delay or failure to appoint such a 
replacement may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders.
(ii)
Calculation Agent calculations and determinations
The Calculation Agent has broad discretionary authority to make various determinations and 
adjustments under the Notes, any of which may have an adverse effect on the market value 
thereof or amounts payable or other benefits to be received thereunder.
The Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and 
actions), act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner when making any 
determinations or calculations under the Conditions in relation to the Notes. Any 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding, final and conclusive.
In making calculations and determinations with regard to the Notes, there may be a difference 
of interest between the investors and the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is 
required to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but does not have any 
obligations of agency or trust for any investors and has no fiduciary obligations towards them. 
In particular the Calculation Agent and its affiliated entities may have interests in other 
capacities (such as other business relationships and activities).

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS
76
The determination as to whether a Collateral Event has occurred shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent under the Notes and without regard to any related determination by the 
Original Collateral Obligor or any action taken, omitted to be taken or suffered to be taken by 
any other person, including, without limitation, any creditor of the Original Collateral Obligor.
Further, all calculations and determinations are made by the Calculation Agent in relation to 
the Credit Linked Notes are final and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, any agents appointed under the Agency Agreement and the Noteholders. In 
selecting any Deliverable Obligations or Valuation Obligations or in making any other 
selection in accordance with the Additional CLN Conditions, the Calculation Agent is not 
under any obligation to the Noteholders or any other person and, provided that such selection 
meets the criteria specified, the relevant Calculation Agent will not be liable (in any capacity 
whatsoever) to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit 
to it which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection.
(g)
Risks relating to the Collateral Administrator
Where appointed by the Issuer under the applicable Issue Deed, the Collateral Administrator may 
instruct the Custodian to settle the purchase or sale of Collateral on receipt of notice from the Swap 
Counterparty or the Calculation Agent, or at the instruction of such Issuer, according to the terms 
set out in the applicable Issue Deed.
Noteholders will bear the risk of any actions taken by the Collateral Administrator on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer that are not in accordance with the terms of the Issue Deed or Transaction 
Documents.
The Collateral Administrator is not required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to the validity of 
any such notice or instructions received from the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer and shall be entitled to rely on such notice or instructions without further enquiry or 
investigation and without any liability. There may be a time lag between the receipt by the Collateral 
Administrator of any such notice or instructions and the corresponding instruction by the Collateral 
Administrator to the Custodian. The Collateral Administrator is not required to verify if there is 
sufficient money credited to the account of the Issuer to settle any such purchase or sale, nor is it 
obliged to instruct the Custodian where there is insufficient money.
(h)
Impact of FATCA Withholding on all Agents
The application of FATCA withholding to interest, principal or other amounts payable under or in 
respect of the Notes is not clear (see the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Company and the 
Issuer – FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments” above). If an amount in 
respect of FATCA withholding were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments payable under or in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any Agent nor any other 
person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of such 
FATCA withholding. In such circumstances, Noteholders might receive less than otherwise 
expected.
(i)
Conflicts of interest
The Transaction Parties and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with the 
Notes and the Mortgaged Property in respect of a Series and need not take into account the specific 
interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may also enter into business dealings relating 
to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or Collateral are exposed, including 
the acquisition of the Notes, from which such party may derive revenues and profits in addition to 
any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account, or act in a way that is adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders generally.

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS
77
In addition, where the Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a 
decision in such capacity under or in respect of the Swap Agreement, the terms and conditions or 
otherwise in respect of the Notes then such party will be under no obligation or duty to the 
Noteholders or any other person and is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome for itself 
and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit 
to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such action.
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Conflicts of Interest”.
(j)
Withdrawal, termination and early closing of public offers
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, if Notes are distributed by means of a 
public offer, in certain circumstances as set out in the relevant Series Prospectus, the Issuer may 
have the right to refrain from commencing or to withdraw the offer and in such circumstances the 
offer will be deemed to be null and void. In such case, any amounts paid by an investor to a 
distributor in relation to the purchase of Notes will be returned to the relevant investor by the 
distributor but, depending on the agreement(s) in place between the investor and the distributor 
and/or the distributor’s distribution polices, interest may or may not accrue on such amounts. There 
may also be a time lag between the cancellation or withdrawal of the offer, as applicable, and the 
return of any such amounts and, unless otherwise agreed with and paid by the relevant distributor, 
no amount will be payable to investors as compensation in respect thereof. Following the 
cancellation and withdrawal of the offer and the return of invested amounts, an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate or yield on the 
Notes under the terms of the offer being cancelled or withdrawn and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Investors in the Notes should consider such reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time.
Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant Series Prospectus, the Luxembourg Issuer may close 
an offer early, whether or not subscriptions have reached the maximum size of the offer, by 
immediately suspending the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice of 
such in accordance with the relevant Series Prospectus. In such circumstances, the early closing 
of the offer will have an impact on the aggregate amount of the Notes issued and therefore may 
have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes.
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the Issuer may have the right to postpone the originally 
designated issue date of the Notes. In the event that the issue date is so delayed, no compensation 
or other amount in respect of interest shall accrue and be payable in relation to such Notes, unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant distributor and/or specified in its distribution policies, and paid 
by the distributor. Investors will have the right, within a prescribed time period, to withdraw their 
acceptance of the relevant offer as a result of such postponement.
(k)
Systemic risk
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. Financial institutions such as the 
Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee, each Swap Counterparty, each Custodian and the Agents (or 
any affiliate of any of them) and any obligors of the Collateral (or any guarantor or credit support 
provider in respect thereof) that are financial institutions or are significant participants in the financial 
markets are likely routinely to execute a high volume of transactions with various types of 
counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, 
mutual and hedge funds and institutional clients. To the extent they do so, they are and will continue 
to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail or are otherwise unable to meet their 
obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or other significant participant in the

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS
78
financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other significant participant 
in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further significant systemic liquidity 
problems and other problems that could exacerbate the global financial crisis and as such have a 
material adverse impact on other entities.
Accordingly, Noteholders of a Series may suffer greater losses (and be more likely to suffer losses) 
as a result of such systemic risk than they may otherwise have done had the Arranger, the Dealer(s), 
the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian, the Agents and/or, where applicable, any 
Collateral Obligor not all been financial institutions, significant participants in the financial markets 
or affiliates thereof.

--- Page 79 ---
DISCLAIMERS
79
DISCLAIMERS
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either of the Issuers 
or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
(a)
The Notes
The Notes are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for 
sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience and access to such 
professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own evaluation of the 
risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, 
legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment), who understand that 
any Reference Rate associated or used in connection with the Notes (as relevant) may change, 
cease to be published or be in customary market usage, become unavailable, have its use restricted 
or become calculated by a different methodology, and that, as a result (a) such Reference Rate may 
cease to be appropriate during the lifetime of the Notes and (b) amendments may be required to 
the Notes to account for the change or cessation of such Reference Rate and who have considered 
the suitability of such Notes in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Prospective 
investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the 
Notes, and the extent of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Notes and, before 
making their investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this 
Base Prospectus and, in particular, the considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured 
nature of the Notes, their price may be more volatile than that of unstructured securities.
Each Company believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its scheduled 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.
Factors which each Company believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
Each Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Company to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or the reduction of any such amounts 
may occur for other reasons not set out herein and the Issuers do not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the 
risks and investment considerations associated therewith as may exist at the date hereof or as may 
from time to time alter. Additional risk factors may be set out in any Alternative Drawdown Document 
for any Series and prospective purchasers should also read those risk factors in connection with the 
Notes to which such Alternative Drawdown Document relates.
(b)
Investors
Each prospective investor in Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including where principal and interest may 
reduce as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of 
any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, prices, values or indices, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor’s currency, 
including a loss of their entire invested amount and any potential returns related to it.
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its

--- Page 80 ---
DISCLAIMERS
80
professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments 
for it, and/or (ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their professional advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
For the purposes of these risk factors, references to “Noteholders” or “holders” of Notes should 
generally be read as including holders of beneficial interests in such Notes, except where the context 
otherwise requires.
(c)
Security
The Notes will have the benefit of Luxembourg (in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer only) and 
English law-governed security interests (and, in certain circumstances, security interests governed 
by the laws of any other relevant jurisdiction such as Japan, if applicable in respect of the relevant 
Series) which are granted to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Transaction Parties for the relevant 
Series) over the Mortgaged Property allocated to the relevant Compartment (in respect of Notes 
issued by the Luxembourg Issuer) or to the relevant Series (in respect of Notes issued by the 
Cayman Issuer). Noteholders should be aware that the Collateral and any related cash in respect 
of such security arrangements will be held on a pooled basis in respect of the Series and not 
allocated to specified accounts.
In respect of the Luxembourg Company only, the Securitisation Act 2004 provides that the assets 
allocated to a Compartment are in principle exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the holders 
of the relevant Series of Notes and the rights of the other creditors whose claims have arisen as a 
result of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of the Compartment. That being said, the net 
proceeds of the Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer for each Series of 
Notes are available to meet only the claims of Secured Parties (including the Noteholders) for that 
Series so the Secured Parties will benefit from a priority payment.
(d)
No fiduciary role
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties or any of 
their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as adviser in any other capacity, and 
none of them (other than the Trustee under the Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any 
purchaser of Notes or any other party, including the Issuers.
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties assumes 
any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial 
condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Collateral 
or the terms thereof or of any Swap Counterparty or the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement.
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other 
Transaction Parties for any information in relation to any person.
(e)
No reliance
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other 
Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the 
legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to any of the other matters referred to above.
(f)
No representations
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:

--- Page 81 ---
DISCLAIMERS
81
(i)
Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or 
filed in respect of such Collateral with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-
regulatory authority or any other person;
(ii)
issuer or obligor of any Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person;
(iii)
Swap Counterparty or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed in respect of such party with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or 
self-regulatory authority or any other person;
(iv)
relevant Swap Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed in respect of such agreement with any exchange, governmental, 
supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; or
(v)
Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation or the credit quality thereof, or any information 
contained in any documents provided by any Reference Entity or filed by a Reference Entity 
with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority of any other 
person.
None of the Arranger or the Dealer(s) makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in 
respect of the Issuers or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuers.
(g)
Provision of Information
Neither the Issuers nor the Dealer(s) have provided or will provide prospective purchasers of Notes 
with any information or advice with respect to the Original Collateral, the Original Collateral Obligor, 
the relevant Custodian or the relevant Swap Counterparty or makes any representation as to the 
credit quality of the Original Collateral, the Original Collateral Obligor, the relevant Custodian or the 
relevant Swap Counterparty.
The Issuer, the Dealer(s) and/or the relevant Swap Counterparty may have acquired, or during the 
term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the relevant Custodian, the 
Original Collateral and the Original Collateral Obligor which will not be disclosed to Noteholders. 
The timing and limited scope of the information provided to Noteholders regarding the Original 
Collateral, the Original Collateral Obligor and the occurrence of a Collateral Event, may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes and the ability of Noteholders to value the Notes accordingly. None of the 
Issuers, Dealer(s) and Swap Counterparties are under any obligation to make such information, 
whether or not confidential, available to Noteholders.
For Credit Linked Notes, the Programme Parties and the Swap Counterparties, whether by virtue 
of the types of relationships described herein or otherwise, may possess information in relation to 
any Reference Entity, any Affiliate of a Reference Entity, any Reference Obligation or any guarantor
that is or may be material in the context of Credit Linked Notes and that may or may not be publicly 
available or known to the Noteholders or any other person. The Credit Linked Notes will not create 
any obligation on the part of any of the Programme Parties or the Swap Counterparties to disclose 
any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential). The Issuers and/or the Calculation 
Agent and/or their respective affiliates may have access to information with respect to a Reference 
Entity that would (or would if available from a Public Source), amongst other things, constitute 
Publicly Available Information with respect to a Credit Event or otherwise suggest that a Credit Event 
has occurred or may occur with respect to a Reference Entity. There is no obligation on the Issuers 
or the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates to disclose such information to any Noteholder 
or Couponholder, nor to respond to any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s enquiries or requests for

--- Page 82 ---
DISCLAIMERS
82
information with respect to any such, or similar, event. As such, a Noteholder or Couponholder may 
not have access to information with respect to a Reference Entity that, if available, would affect such 
Noteholder or Couponholder’s decision to make and retain an investment in the Notes.
(h)
No Investigations
No investigations, searches or other enquiries have been made by or on behalf of the Issuers or the 
Trustee in respect of the Collateral or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or any Reference 
Entity. No representations or warranties, express or implied, have been given by the Issuers, the 
Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any other person on their behalf in respect of the Collateral 
or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or any Reference Entity. Any publicly available 
information in respect of the Collateral or the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or any Reference 
Entity has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Further, for Credit Linked Notes, neither the Issuers nor the Calculation Agent nor any of their 
respective affiliates has made any investigation of, or makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the existence or financial or creditworthiness or other condition of any 
Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligations or Valuation Obligations of 
such Reference Entity or any information provided in respect of such Reference Entity. The Issuers 
and/or the Calculation Agent may also, at any time, be in possession of information in relation to 
any Reference Entity (which may or may not be publicly available). None of such persons shall be 
under any obligation to make any such information available to Noteholders or any other party.

--- Page 83 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
83
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Who is the Luxembourg Company?
The Luxembourg Company is Argentum Capital S.A., a 
special purpose vehicle incorporated as a société 
anonyme (public limited liability company) under the laws 
of Luxembourg (Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies as amended) and has the status of 
an authorised securitisation undertaking under the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and is supervised by the CSSF (as 
defined in the Master Conditions). The Luxembourg 
Company is a special purpose vehicle whose only business 
is to issue debt securities such as the Notes and to enter 
into transactions within the limits of the Securitisation Act 
2004.
The directors of the Luxembourg Company may be 
employees of the Luxembourg Corporate Services 
Provider (as defined in the Master Conditions) of the 
Luxembourg Company. The Luxembourg Company is not 
an affiliate or a subsidiary of Credit Suisse International or 
Credit Suisse AG, and its obligations are not guaranteed 
by any other party.
Who is the Luxembourg Issuer?
The Luxembourg Issuer is the Luxembourg Company 
acting in respect of one of its Compartments.
Who is the Cayman Company?
The Cayman Company is Ascent Finance Limited, an 
exempted company incorporated under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands with limited liability. The Cayman 
Company was incorporated on 15 November 2018 under 
the laws of the Cayman Islands, with registration number 
345050. The registered office of the Cayman Company is 
at the offices of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One 
Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, 
Cayman Islands. The Cayman Company is a special 
purpose vehicle whose only business is to issue debt 
securities such as the Notes and to enter into transactions 
within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act.
The directors of the Cayman Company may be employees 
of the Cayman Corporate Services Provider (as defined in 
the Master Conditions) of the Cayman Company. The 
Cayman Company is not an affiliate or a subsidiary of 
Credit Suisse International or Credit Suisse AG, and its 
obligations are not guaranteed by any other party.
Who is the Cayman Issuer?
The Cayman Issuer is the Cayman Company.
What are the Notes?
The Notes are debt securities issued by the Issuer which 
may be in bearer form or registered, as described in the 
relevant Issue Terms.
The Notes are secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer and, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.

--- Page 84 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
84
What is the Series Prospectus and 
when will the Issuer prepare one?
For some Notes, the Luxembourg Issuer may prepare a 
Series Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, a Series 
Prospectus may not be completed with respect to Notes 
issued by the Cayman Issuer. The Series Prospectus will 
set out the terms relating to a relevant Series of Notes, 
incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus, but will also contain additional 
information, 
such 
as 
additional risk 
factors. 
The 
Luxembourg Issuer will prepare a Series Prospectus where 
it needs to do so in order to comply with the Prospectus 
Regulation, including in instances where a Series of Notes 
is offered to the public for the purposes of the Programme. 
A Series Prospectus or a Series Memorandum that 
incorporates by reference the whole or part of the Base 
Prospectus will comprise an Alternative Drawdown 
Document. References to Issue Terms in the Base 
Prospectus mean the Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the Series Prospectus.
An Alternative Drawdown Document will be produced for 
any Series of Notes which are Credit Linked Notes or 
Collateral Basket Notes.
What should I read before investing?
You should carefully read and understand this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms prior to investing 
in the Notes. You should note that the “Overview of the 
Programme” section, this “Frequently Asked Questions” 
section and the “Annex to the CLN Conditions Product 
Supplement Frequently Asked Questions” section of this 
Base Prospectus must be read only as an introduction to 
this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of this Base 
Prospectus as a whole and the relevant Issue Terms.
This Base Prospectus contains information about the 
Issuer, the general terms and conditions of the Notes 
(which, for all Notes, must be read in conjunction with the 
applicable Issue Terms) and general information about the 
offer and issue of the Notes and certain risk factors relating 
to the Issuers and Notes issued under the Programme.
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information 
about the Notes, the relevant Issue Terms contain the 
specific issue terms of each particular issuance of Notes, 
together with information about how investors can 
purchase them, product specific risk factors and other 
product specific information. The Issue Terms complete 
and/or amend the general terms and conditions of the 
Notes as set out in the Base Prospectus under “Master 
Conditions” and any of the Collateral Basket Product 
Supplement, the CLN Conditions Product Supplement, or 
the Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement as 
applicable; and contain, for example, the issue date, the 
maturity date and the methods used to calculate the

--- Page 85 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
85
redemption amount and any interest payments, if 
applicable. Therefore, the Issue Terms for a Series of 
Notes must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.
Investors may request copies of this Base Prospectus free 
of charge from the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent.
What are the risks of investing in 
any Notes?
Before making an investment in the Notes, you should 
carefully consider all of the information set out in the Base 
Prospectus, and the relevant Issue Terms as well as your 
own personal circumstances. You should have particular 
regard to, among other matters, the considerations 
described under the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Risk Factors” and if applicable the “Annex to the 
CLN Conditions Product Supplement Frequently Asked 
Questions” and any product specific risk factors identified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms.
For some Notes, the amount payable on the maturity date 
may be less than your original investment and may even 
be zero. Typically, the higher the potential return on the 
Notes, the greater the risk of loss attached to those Notes 
will be.
Investors should also note they will, usually in all 
circumstances, be exposed to the credit risk of:
(i)
the relevant Issuer;
(ii)
the obligor of the Collateral;
(iii)
the relevant Custodian;
(iv)
each of the Paying Agents (if applicable); and
(v)
the relevant Swap Counterparty (if applicable).
If there is a default by the Original Collateral Obligor on the 
Collateral or by any of the Issuer, the Custodian, or any of 
the Paying Agents or the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement, investors are highly likely to lose some 
or all of their money.
You should review the Issue Terms to understand whether 
your investment is designed to be at risk and the terms on 
which your investment will be paid.
How do changes in interest rates 
affect the value of the Notes?
The market value of a Note may be affected by a change 
in interest rates. All other things being equal, the market 
value of a Note will go down when interest rates go up and 
vice versa.
What will the Issuer do with the 
proceeds of the Notes issuance?
The Issuer will, if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, 
subject to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004, or 
if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, subject to the provisions 
of the Cayman Companies Act and the constitutional 
documents of the Cayman Issuer, use the proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes to purchase the Collateral applicable 
to such Series of Notes and/or enter into the Transaction

--- Page 86 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
86
Documents and/or to fund any initial payment obligations 
under any related Swap Agreement and/or may use such 
proceeds in meeting certain expenses and fees payable in 
connection with the operations of the Issuer and the issue 
of Notes.
The Issue Terms of the Notes will specify amongst other 
things:
(i)
the exact Original Collateral acquired on the issue 
date of the Notes; and
(ii)
whether or not a Swap Agreement will be entered into, 
and if one is entered into, the relevant Swap 
Counterparty entity.
The Collateral and/or the Swap Agreement will generally 
be the only assets available to the Issuer to fund its 
payment obligations under the Notes. The payments under 
such assets (both to and from the Issuer) will be designed 
to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient funds to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes and to meet any 
related payment obligations. The Issuer will not be 
receiving any issue proceeds in the United Kingdom which 
would constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA.
What is the Swap Counterparty’s 
role and what is its relationship to 
the Issuer?
There may or may not be a Swap Agreement entered into 
in connection with a Series of Notes. Where the Issuer 
does enter into a Swap Agreement, the Issuer will use the 
issue proceeds to meet its payment obligations under the 
Swap Agreement (which may include an initial payment to 
the Swap Counterparty of an amount equal to the issue 
proceeds of the Notes) and/or will exchange the payments 
received under the Collateral for the payment flows 
required to meet the payments of interest (if any) and the 
amounts due on redemption of the Notes.
If there is a Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty will 
be (i) in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer, Credit Suisse International or Credit Suisse AG, 
acting through its London Branch and (ii) in the case of 
Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, Credit Suisse 
International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London 
Branch or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore 
Branch, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each 
case, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms.
If there is a Swap Agreement in respect of the Notes, the 
relevant Issue Terms will also specify whether there is a 
Credit Support Annex and, if so, whether the Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer, or both, are required to provide 
collateral to the other for their respective obligations under 
the Swap Agreement.
If the Swap Counterparty is required to provide collateral 
under the Credit Support Annex to the Issuer, any such

--- Page 87 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
87
collateral posted by the Swap Counterparty and held by the 
Issuer from time to time is referred to as “CSA Posted 
Collateral”. If the Issuer is required to provide collateral 
under the Credit Support Annex, the outstanding Collateral 
it then holds will be used to meet such obligation and, 
accordingly, the outstanding Collateral will be released 
from the security and the overall amount of Collateral the 
Issuer holds will be reduced. Upon posting to the Swap 
Counterparty as collateral, title to the relevant assets is 
transferred to the Swap Counterparty.
The posting of Collateral by the parties pursuant to the 
Credit Support Annex reflects movements in the market 
value of the Swap Agreement. If:
(i)
the market value of the Swap Agreement increases 
from the perspective of the Issuer, then the Swap 
Counterparty will be obliged to transfer cash or other 
assets or property to the Issuer under the Credit 
Support Annex in respect of the Swap Agreement 
relating to that particular series of Notes; or
(ii)
the market value of the Swap Agreement increases 
from the perspective of the Swap Counterparty, then 
the Issuer will be obliged to transfer Original Collateral 
and other assets or cash which it holds in respect of 
such Series to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Credit Support Annex in respect of the Swap 
Agreement relating to that particular series of Notes.
The transfer of Eligible Credit Support by either party may 
be subject to (including, without limitation) (i) certain 
eligibility criteria; and (ii) minimum transfer/threshold 
amounts. The threshold amounts and eligibility criteria will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Deed.
The obligations of the Issuer to transfer any cash or assets 
under the applicable Credit Support Annex are limited to 
the amount of Collateral which it holds from time to time in 
respect of such Series.
What types of Collateral are the 
Notes secured upon and how does 
my investment differ from a direct 
investment in such Collateral?
The Collateral (if any) may comprise transferable securities 
issued by Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG or 
any of their Affiliates or by a third-party issuer or such other 
Collateral as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(which could, without limitation, be in the form of other 
assets such as shares, loans or cash deposits) and/or, if 
applicable, any CSA Posted Collateral held, from time to 
time, by the Issuer. The Original Collateral, if any, as at the 
issue date of the Notes will be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms.
Original Collateral for a Series shall include any Original 
Collateral specified in the Issue Terms and any different 
collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or 
replacement of such Original Collateral originally held by it

--- Page 88 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
88
or as a result of its conversion or exchange (see also, “Are 
there any circumstances in which the Original Collateral 
may change?” below).
CSA Posted Collateral for a Series shall comprise of any 
securities, cash or other assets or property transferred by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Credit 
Support Annex in respect of the Swap Agreement relating 
to that particular series of Notes that meet certain eligibility 
criteria as set out in the relevant Credit Support Annex.
An investment in the Notes differs from a direct investment 
in the Collateral, as the return on the Notes may differ from 
the return on the Collateral.
What happens if there is a default in 
respect of the Original Collateral or a 
Swap Agreement is terminated?
If there is a default in relation to the Original Collateral (or 
certain other events occur relating to or affecting the 
Original Collateral) and/or if the Swap Agreement is 
terminated, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the Early Redemption Amount. (See also 
“When may the Notes redeem before their stated 
maturity?” below).
Are there any circumstances in 
which the Original Collateral may 
change?
If “Original Collateral Substitution” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any holder of more 
than 50% in principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes for the time being outstanding shall have the right at 
any time to request a substitution of any Original Collateral 
with a nominal amount of Replacement Collateral 
Obligations (which may comprise other debt securities that 
fulfil the criteria set out in such Issue Terms). Such 
substitution shall be effected by the Disposal Agent, who
will arrange for the Liquidation of the relevant Original 
Collateral and use the proceeds to purchase the 
Replacement Collateral Obligations. (See also “When does 
Liquidation apply and what is the Disposal Agent’s role?” 
below).
Do Noteholders have recourse to 
particular assets of the Issuer?
The Noteholders and the other Transaction Parties will 
have recourse to (i) the Mortgaged Property of the 
Compartment in respect of the Notes of that Series, in 
respect of the Luxembourg Company and (ii) the 
Mortgaged Property in respect of the Notes of that Series, 
in respect of the Cayman Company. The Mortgaged 
Property includes the outstanding Collateral in respect of 
such Compartment or Series (as applicable), all cash (if 
any) held in the Compartment or Series (as applicable) in 
respect of the Notes of such Series, the Issuer’s rights 
under the Agency Agreement, the Issuer’s rights under the 
Swap Agreement (if there is one) and, if there is a Credit 
Support Annex, the CSA Posted Collateral (which will form 
part of the outstanding Collateral).
You should note that the Noteholders and the other 
Transaction Parties will have recourse only to the

--- Page 89 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
89
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the 
Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders 
and other Secured Creditors, and not to any other assets 
of the Issuer and subject to the order of priority. If the 
Mortgaged Property is not sufficient to meet Noteholders’ 
claims and those of all the other relevant parties, the 
Mortgaged Property will be used to meet claims according 
to a specified order of priority. Amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, and certain 
other sums payable to certain Transaction Parties, will be 
paid before Noteholders. If there is no Mortgaged Property 
left after paying the parties that the Issuer is obliged to pay 
in priority to the Noteholders then no amounts will be 
available for payment to Noteholders and Noteholders will 
as a result lose all of the amounts they have invested.
What rights do Noteholders have 
against the Issuer?
Noteholders’ rights include the right to any payments or 
deliveries due to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms. Noteholders may 
also have the right to make certain determinations or 
decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a 
resolution of Noteholders or which may simply require a 
direction in writing by a specified percentage of 
Noteholders) and the Issuer may only take certain actions 
with respect to the Notes if approved by Noteholders. 
Noteholders should note that, notwithstanding that they 
may be owed payments or deliveries under the Notes, their 
rights of direct action against the Issuer are limited as the 
right to take such action is generally vested in the Trustee.
What are the requirements for 
exercising Noteholders’ rights in 
respect of the Notes?
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising 
each right in respect of the Notes, including the person (if 
any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the 
Noteholders and the required percentage of Noteholders (if 
any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For 
example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may 
exercise the right to enforce the Security on behalf of 
Noteholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has 
occurred. The Noteholders may direct the Trustee to 
exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution.
An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution 
passed at a duly convened meeting of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75 per cent. of the votes cast at such meeting. 
Noteholders may also pass written resolutions on matters 
relating to the Notes without calling a meeting. A written 
resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes will be 
deemed to be an Extraordinary Resolution. In certain 
circumstances, where the Notes are held on behalf of a 
clearing system, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled 
to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer

--- Page 90 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
90
or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) 
in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion, and 
such electronic consents shall for all purposes be as valid 
and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of such 
Relevant Noteholder Proportion passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held.
How do you exercise a right to vote 
or enforce your rights in respect of 
the Notes?
If the Notes are held through a clearing system then, as 
rights under the Notes can only be exercised by the legal 
Noteholders, you must contact the custodian, broker or 
other entity through which you hold your interest in the 
Notes if you wish for any vote to be cast or direction to be 
given on your behalf.
In respect of Notes held outside the clearing system, you 
may exercise your rights to vote or give directions directly 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes.
What is the maturity of the Notes?
Each Series of Notes has a scheduled maturity as stated 
in the relevant Issue Terms.
If certain events occur pursuant to the Conditions the 
Issuer has the right to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, prior to the scheduled maturity date. See “When may 
the Notes redeem before their stated maturity?” below for 
further details.
What do the Notes redeem at?
Each Note will redeem on the relevant Maturity Date:
(i)
at the Final Redemption Amount; or
(ii)
if the Note is an Instalment Note, the final Instalment 
Amount,
provided that, such Note has not been previously 
redeemed, purchased or cancelled.
The Final Redemption Amount will be a cash amount as 
specified in the Issue Terms unless “Physical Settlement” 
is specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which case the Physical 
Redemption Amount will be delivered in respect of each 
Note. If no amount is so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be the
outstanding nominal amount of such Note. The final 
Instalment Amount will be a cash amount as specified in, 
or determined in accordance with, the relevant Issue 
Terms.
Where the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity in any of the circumstances described in “When 
may the Notes redeem before their stated maturity?” below 
and in any additional circumstance(s) that may be specified

--- Page 91 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
91
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Note will be redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount, which, depending on what 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, may be either the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Amount.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount payable to 
Noteholders will generally be each Note’s pro rata share of 
an amount equal to:
(i)
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of the 
Collateral and/or amounts realised by the Trustee on 
enforcement of the Security and otherwise derived 
from the Mortgaged Property for the Series and 
available to either the Issuer or the Trustee; plus
(ii)
any termination payment payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the Swap 
Agreement (if any); minus
(iii)
any termination payment payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement 
(if any).
Where a Series of Notes is comprised of Classes of Notes, 
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Class will 
be the Early Cash Redemption Amount, which will 
generally be each Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal 
to such Class’ share of:
(i)
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of such 
Class’ pro rata share of the Class Collateral and/or 
amounts realised by the Trustee on enforcement of 
the Security and otherwise derived from the 
Mortgaged Property for the Series and available to 
either the Issuer or the Trustee; plus
(ii)
any termination payment payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the 
transaction under the Swap Agreement relating to 
such Class (if any); minus
(iii)
any termination payment payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement relating to such Class (if any).
The amount payable to Noteholders in such circumstances 
will also be subject to payment of any amounts owed by 
the Issuer to any other Transaction Parties which rank in 
priority to payments due to the Noteholders.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount or the value of any 
Physical Redemption Amount delivered to Noteholders 
may be less than the issue price of the Notes and may be 
zero. In certain circumstances delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Amount may also be delayed and/or the 
Issuer may pay a cash amount in lieu of, or in addition to, 
physical settlement.

--- Page 92 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
92
If the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, it is subject to the 
Securitisation Act 2004. Each Series of Notes issued by the 
Luxembourg Issuer will therefore relate to a separate 
Compartment created by the Luxembourg Board. A 
Compartment is a separate part of the Luxembourg 
Company’s assets and liabilities. An investor’s recourse to 
the Luxembourg Issuer is limited to the assets and liabilities 
allocated to the relevant Compartment and where such 
assets are not sufficient to meet the claims of the investors 
in relation to such series of Notes, the investors will have 
no further recourse to any other assets of the Luxembourg 
Issuer, or any other assets of any other compartment or 
any other assets of the Luxembourg Company. Any 
shortfall will therefore be borne by investors.
When does Liquidation apply and 
what is the Disposal Agent’s role?
Liquidation of the Collateral may be applicable in certain 
instances, including without limitation:
(i)
where there is a default of more than 14 days in the 
payment or delivery of any interest amount or 
Instalment Amount that has become due and payable 
other than on the Maturity Date;
(ii)
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Early 
Redemption 
Commencement Date (which may arise if the Notes 
are redeemed prior to their stated maturity in any of 
the circumstances described in “When may the Notes 
redeem before their stated maturity?” below); and
(iii)
in connection with an Original Collateral Substitution.
Following receipt by it of a valid Substitution Notice (in 
respect of any substitution of Original Collateral) or, as the 
case may be, a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice 
from the Issuer (and if it otherwise determines that a 
Liquidation Event has occurred), the Disposal Agent may 
take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to 
effect any Liquidation, including, but not limited to selecting 
the method of Liquidating any Collateral.
The Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as 
reasonably practicable within the available timeframe (if 
applicable) and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
even where a larger amount could possibly be received in 
respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were 
delayed. The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to anyone 
merely because a larger amount could have been received 
had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal 
Agent selected a different method of Liquidating any such 
Collateral.
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result 
of its determination that a Liquidation Event has occurred, 
the Disposal Agent shall have complete discretion, no duty 
or obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder or any other 
person to take such action or determination and shall not

--- Page 93 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
93
be liable for any such determination decision or the timing 
thereof.
The Disposal Agent shall not be required to monitor 
whether a Liquidation Event has occurred and shall be 
entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice 
without 
investigation, 
provided 
that 
a 
Liquidation 
Commencement Notice delivered by the Issuer or the 
Trustee shall not be valid and the Disposal Agent shall not 
take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has 
already received (i) a valid Liquidation Commencement 
Notice in respect of the same or prior Liquidation Event or 
(ii) a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee.
Although the Disposal Agent will attempt to liquidate the 
Collateral within the prescribed timeframes, if it has not 
been able to do so then it will continue in its attempts to 
liquidate the Collateral until it is instructed by the Issuer to 
the contrary or it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from 
the Trustee.
The Disposal Agent may determine not to liquidate the 
Collateral in certain circumstances, including without 
limitation, on grounds of illegality.
If the Disposal Agent decides not to liquidate the Collateral:
(i)
it shall not be held liable for failing to liquidate the 
Collateral in such circumstances; and
(ii)
this could affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payment of any amounts on account of interest and/or 
principal under the Notes to Noteholders.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Disposal Agent will be Credit Suisse International. 
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy 
Event or if the Disposal Agent fails to undertake any 
material requirement pursuant to the Conditions or any 
other Transaction Document, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the 
Issuer will use reasonable endeavours (provided it has 
funds available for this purpose) and with the prior approval 
of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty or, if a particular 
Swap Counterparty default has occurred, an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders to appoint a replacement 
institution to take its place.
If the Company is subject to a Bankruptcy Event, to the 
extent that a competent bankruptcy officer has been 
appointed in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings, 
such bankruptcy officer will replace the Disposal Agent and 
will Liquidate the Collateral in accordance with the 
applicable legal and regulatory provisions.
What is the order of priority?
Following any Liquidation or on an enforcement of the 
Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be paid amounts

--- Page 94 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
94
or delivered assets due
under the Notes will be 
subordinated to:
(i)
amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
the Credit Support Annex;
(ii)
the Issuer’s share of the payment or satisfaction of all 
taxes owing by the Company;
(iii)
the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities due 
and payable to the Trustee including costs incurred in 
the enforcement of the Security (including any taxes 
to be paid, legal fees and remuneration);
(iv)
certain amounts owing to the Agents in respect of 
reimbursement for sums paid by them in advance of 
receipt by them of the funds to make such payment 
and fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities;
(v)
fees of the Disposal Agent;
(vi)
any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement;
(vii) the Issuer’s share of fees of the Corporate Services 
Provider owing by the Company; and
(viii) any other claims as specified in the Conditions as may 
be amended by the Issue Deed relating to the relevant 
Series of Notes, that rank in priority to the Notes.
When may the Notes redeem before 
their stated maturity?
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
in any of the following circumstances and in any additional 
circumstance(s) that may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms:
Collateral Event
Upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Collateral Event 
has occurred, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and in any 
event, within five Reference Business Days) and each Note 
shall become due and payable on the Early Redemption 
Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the 
only amount payable with no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). The Collateral Events 
which apply to a Series will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If specified to be applicable to a Series a 
Collateral Event will occur under the Notes if:
(i)
the Original Collateral has become payable or 
repayable or becomes capable of being declared due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity for whatever 
reason otherwise than in accordance with their 
scheduled repayment profile or as a result of the 
exercise of an issuer option or a holder option unless 
such option arises as a result of an event of default, 
tax event or other similar event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent);

--- Page 95 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
95
(ii)
notice is given that any of the Original Collateral is 
called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole 
or in part) prior to its scheduled maturity date;
(iii)
there is a failure to make a scheduled payment on the 
date and in the currency such payment was originally 
scheduled to be made (disregarding any terms of the 
Original Collateral that allow for non-payment, 
deferral or adjustments to any scheduled payments 
and any notice or grace period in respect thereof);
(iv)
the Original Collateral is converted into any other 
financial instrument upon the exercise by the Original 
Collateral Obligor of any option or other right to 
convert the Original Collateral under the terms and 
conditions of the Original Collateral; or
(v)
the currency in which the Original Collateral Obligor 
pays (or is required under any applicable law to pay) 
interest or principal is redenominated, substituted or 
otherwise changed from the currency in which any 
payment of interest or principal was, at the date such 
Original Collateral was included as Original Collateral, 
due to be made.
Certain Tax Events
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Issuer is, or will be, required to withhold, deduct or account 
for tax in respect of the Notes (other than in respect of 
FATCA (as defined in Master Condition 1(a) (Definitions)) 
or the Original Collateral or tax will be or is being withheld 
or deducted from payments made to the Issuer in respect 
of the Original Collateral or any other income of the Issuer 
such that it would be unable to make payment of the full 
amount due under the Notes (including as a result of 
FATCA) or that the Issuer is or will be required to comply 
with any reporting requirement (other than in respect of 
FATCA) in respect of any payment received in respect of 
the Original Collateral, the Notes may become due for 
redemption prior to the maturity. If so, upon becoming 
aware of the same, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and in any 
event, within two Reference Business Days) and each Note 
shall become due and payable on the Early Redemption 
Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the 
only amount payable with no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon).
Investors should note that certain tax events relating to the 
Original Collateral and the Notes will not result in an early 
redemption of the Notes, including in instances where:
(i)
withholding or deduction of taxes on the Notes arises 
solely in respect of FATCA;

--- Page 96 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
96
(ii)
reporting requirements on the Original Collateral 
arises solely in respect of FATCA;
(iii)
withholding or deduction of taxes on the Notes arises 
solely as a result of the Noteholder’s connection with 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer 
(otherwise than by reason of the holding of any Note 
or receiving any payment in respect thereof); and
(iv)
a withholding or deduction arises as a result of the 
presentation of payment of any Bearer Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by a holder who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant instrument to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union. In such cases, 
a deduction may instead be made just from the 
amount(s) payable to the affected Noteholder.
You should carefully review the tax redemption events in 
Master Condition 8(d) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of 
the Master Conditions before investing in any Notes.
Trigger Event
If specified to be applicable to a Series in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that the Value of 
the Original Collateral plus the Trigger Swap Gain (if any) 
or minus the Trigger Swap Loss (if any) is equal to or less 
than the Trigger Level (which will be a level specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(and in any event, within five Reference Business Days) 
and each Note shall become due and payable on the Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable with no separate payment 
of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
Termination of Swap Agreement
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the early termination 
of the Swap Agreement, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(and in any event, within two Reference Business Days) 
and each Note shall become due and payable on the Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable with no separate payment 
of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
The section of this Base Prospectus entitled “The Swap 
Agreement” describes the events that may lead to the 
termination of the Swap Agreement. These include certain 
payment defaults, breaches of agreement and insolvency 
as 
well 
as 
the 
occurrence 
of 
certain 
illegality, 
redenomination and force majeure events, certain tax-
related events and the occurrence of certain regulatory 
events.
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event

--- Page 97 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
97
If the Issuer is directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes that a 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event (broadly speaking, 
if the Swap Counterparty becomes subject to an insolvency 
procedure) 
has 
occurred 
and 
such 
Extraordinary 
Resolution directs the Issuer to give a notice of redemption, 
the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable upon 
being so directed (and in any event, within two Reference 
Business Days), notify the Noteholders and each Note 
shall become due and payable on the Early Redemption 
Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the 
only amount payable with no separate payment of unpaid 
accrued interest thereon).
Illegality
Upon the Issuer becoming aware that, due to the adoption 
of or change in any applicable law or due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, in each case, after the 
Issue Date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
obligations in respect of the Notes, to hold any Collateral 
or receive payment in respect thereof or to comply with any 
other material provision of any agreement entered into in 
connection with the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(and in any event, within two Reference Business Days) 
and each Note shall become due and payable on the Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable with no separate payment 
of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
Regulatory Event
If the Calculation Agent determines that certain regulatory 
events have occurred, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(and in any event, within five Reference Business Days) 
and each Note shall become due and payable on the Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable with no separate payment 
of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
Events of Default
The Notes may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of 
certain defined Events of Default. These include:
(i)
a default (for a period of at least 14 days) in the 
payment of any interest or Instalment Amount due in 
respect of the Notes (other than any interest or 
Instalment Amount payable on the Maturity Date);
(ii)
a failure by the Issuer to perform or comply with any 
of its other obligations in relation to the Notes if such
failure is incapable of remedy, or, if in the opinion of

--- Page 98 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
98
the Trustee, such failure is capable of remedy but, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, is continuing 30 days after 
the Trustee gives notice of such event to the Issuer; 
and
(iii)
the insolvency of the Issuer.
If an Event of Default occurs, the Trustee may at its 
discretion, and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (provided it has been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice that each 
Note shall become due and repayable on the Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be the only amount payable with no separate payment 
of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
Original Collateral Disruption Event
If “Original Collateral Disruption Event” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of a 
Series of Notes, following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event (being, in summary, the 
adjustment or replacement of any interest rate, index, 
benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount 
payable 
under the 
Original 
Collateral is 
determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a notice to 
the Issuer requiring it to amend or redeem the Notes. If the 
Calculation Agent delivers a notice which requires a 
redemption of the Notes, the Issuer shall direct the 
redemption of the Notes. The Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders and each Note of such Series shall become 
due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at 
its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only 
amount payable with no separate payment of unpaid 
accrued interest thereon).
Reference Rate Redemption Event
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer shall direct the 
redemption of the Notes. The Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders and each Note of such Series shall become 
due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at 
its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only 
amount payable with no separate payment of unpaid 
accrued interest thereon).
A Reference Rate Redemption Event will occur if (a) the 
Calculation Agent has determined that a Reference Rate 
Event has occurred and (b) either (I) an alternative 
benchmark and any Adjustment Spread, together with 
associated amendments, are not identified prior to the 
relevant deadline, (II) it is or would be unlawful or would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements for the 
Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in the 
Conditions following the occurrence of a Reference Rate

--- Page 99 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
99
Event, (III) the calculation of an Adjustment Spread would 
impose material additional regulatory obligations on the 
Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty or (IV) having 
identified a Replacement Reference Rate and determined 
an Adjustment Spread, the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments 
provided 
for 
would 
not 
achieve 
a 
commercially reasonable result for the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Noteholders.
A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (I) the 
relevant Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely, (II) the administrator 
of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary 
authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under 
applicable law for one or more persons to perform their 
obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions 
entered into by the Swap Counterparty, (III) the Reference 
Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the 
subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which 
such Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or 
near risk-free rate) on a specified date, (IV) the regulatory 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
makes or publishes a public statement announcing that 
such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative for the 
underlying market and economic reality that the Reference 
Rate 
is 
intended 
to 
measure 
and 
that 
its 
representativeness will not be restored, such statement is 
being made in the awareness that it will engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor or (V) if “Material 
Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the definition, methodology or formula for a 
Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the 
Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a 
specified future date will materially change.
Additional Redemption Event
The Notes may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of 
an Additional Redemption Event the specifics of which will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.
Sanctions Event
If, in respect of a Series, (i) the Calculation Agent has
notified the relevant parties that a Sanctions Event has 
occurred and (ii) the Sanctions Event is continuing, the 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to) in its sole and 
absolute discretion deliver notice to the Issuer (copied to 
the Transaction Parties) and the Issuer, upon receipt of 
such notice, shall direct the redemption of the Notes. Each 
Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption

--- Page 100 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
100
Amount (which shall be the only amount payable with no 
separate payment of unpaid accrued interest thereon).
When will Security be enforced?
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event 
whereby the Issuer has failed to make payment of certain 
amounts due and payable to the Noteholders and/or the 
Swap Counterparty, the Trustee may, and if:
(i)
requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or Class 
thereof) 
then 
outstanding, 
directed 
by 
an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or
(ii)
directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty,
shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has effectively 
delivered a valid Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the 
Custodian and the Disposal Agent) enforce all of the 
Security constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and/or 
any other Security Documents (if applicable).
Will the Programme be rated?
The Programme is not rated.
Will there be a secondary market in 
the Notes?
A market may not develop for the Notes. While Credit 
Suisse International or any of its respective agents may 
make a market in Notes upon their issuance and/or 
purchase Notes (subject to all regulatory requirements and 
the internal policies and procedures of Credit Suisse 
International or such agent (as applicable)), it is under no 
obligation to do so and may cease to do so at any time. 
Even if Credit Suisse International or any of its respective 
agents does make a market in the Notes, there is no 
guarantee that a secondary market will develop or, to the 
extent that a secondary market does exist, that such 
market will provide the holders of any such Notes with 
liquidity or will continue for the life of the Notes. Investors 
should therefore be prepared to hold their Notes until their 
maturity.
Are there any fees or expenses to 
pay when purchasing, holding or 
selling the Notes?
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the 
purchase, holding, transfer and sale of Notes. You should 
also be aware that stamp duties may have to be paid in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred.
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, 
expenses, commissions or other costs in order to 
understand fully the cost implications specific to investment 
in any Notes.
What tax will I have to pay and how 
will tax affect payments made to 
me?
General information relating to certain aspects of 
Luxembourg, Swiss, Cayman Islands and Irish taxation is 
set out under the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
“Taxation”. If you are unsure of the tax implications of

--- Page 101 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
101
making an investment in the Notes, you should obtain 
professional tax advice.
If withholding taxes are imposed on payments under the 
Notes (as described in more detail in the terms and 
conditions), the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to “gross-up” such payments and the Notes will generally 
be redeemed early on the Early Redemption Date.
Any tax, duty, withholding or other payment (including any 
stamp or transfer tax) which may arise as a result of the 
ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Note 
by any person shall not be borne by the Issuer and all 
payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any 
such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted without 
any obligation for the Issuer or any Agent to gross-up such 
payments.

--- Page 102 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
102
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
1
General
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to the extent 
that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the relevant Swap Counterparty under the Credit 
Support Annex.
Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG and/or any of their affiliates (“CS”) may act in a number of 
capacities in connection with any issue of Notes. CS shall have only the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by the relevant entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any 
affiliate acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to 
hold a standard of care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. CS 
may enter into business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or 
Collateral are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which the relevant entity may derive 
revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account 
therefor. CS has policies and procedures in place to identify and manage conflicts of interest that may 
arise in relation to such activities.
CS may from time to time be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or opinions 
with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral which information and/or opinions might, if known by 
a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, 
CS shall not have any duty or obligation to notify the Noteholders or the Issuer or any other Transaction 
Parties (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions.
CS may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may accept deposits from, 
make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment 
banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may act with respect 
to such transactions in the same manner as if the relevant Swap Agreement and the Notes of the relevant 
Series did not exist and without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the 
issuer or obligor of any Collateral, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the holders of the Notes of the 
relevant Series.
CS may at any time be active and significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a wide 
range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities 
undertaken by CS may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of 
such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities and derivatives 
based on, or relating to, the Notes or any Collateral. Notwithstanding this, CS shall not have any duty or 
obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Notes when effecting transactions 
in such markets.
In addition, other potential conflicts of interest may arise where the Notes are offered to the public, as any 
distributor (which can be CS or any Transaction Party) will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer 
and will receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed and the outcome of the 
placement of the Notes to the public.
One or more of CS or any Transaction Party may:
(i)
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to, the 
Collateral;
(ii)
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Collateral or 
other classes of securities issued by the issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral or an 
affiliate thereof;

--- Page 103 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
103
(iii)
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Collateral under a swap or 
other derivative agreements;
(iv)
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates 
or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates;
(v)
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial 
advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates; or
(vi)
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or obligors 
with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates.
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire,
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral and they shall not be under 
any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, the Trustee or any of the 
other Transaction Parties.
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Collateral, the 
Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to payments and/or deliveries 
on such Collateral. When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer of any 
Collateral or an affiliate thereof, a Transaction Party will owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such other 
classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests from the holders of the class 
of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders 
(including, where applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part. 
As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements, a Transaction Party may take actions 
adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation of its 
exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating such swaps or agreements in 
accordance with the terms thereof. In making and administering loans and other obligations, a Transaction 
Party may take actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other 
remedies with respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging 
significant fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any Collateral in bankruptcy 
or demanding payment on a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s acquisition, 
holding and sale of the Collateral may enhance the profitability or value of investments made by a 
Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all such transactions 
or arrangements between a Transaction Party and issuers of, and obligors with respect to, the Collateral 
or their respective affiliates, a Transaction Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the 
Issuer and the Noteholders.
2
The Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders. In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not, in respect 
of Notes of any Series or Class thereof, assume any duty or responsibility to any of the Swap 
Counterparties, the Custodians, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any of the Paying Agents or any other 
Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay any such party any moneys received 
and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed and other than in respect 
of any obligations it may have to Secured Creditors in respect of any enforcement of the Security) and 
shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders and (save where expressly provided otherwise 
in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party) shall not be obliged to act on any directions

--- Page 104 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
104
of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party if this would in the Trustee’s opinion be contrary to the 
interests of the Noteholders. The Trustee has broad discretion as to how it performs its role under the 
Notes and is empowered to exercise discretions without the consent of the Noteholders.
The Trustee benefits from an indemnity under clause 9.18 (Indemnity) of the Trust Deed which is limited 
to liabilities and expenses properly incurred and all actions, proceedings, fees, costs, claims and demands 
in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the Mortgaged Property and, subject to the detailed 
provisions of clause 10.1 (Trustee Act 2000) of the Trust Deed, does not extend to negligence, fraud, 
breach of trust or wilful default.
3
The Swap Counterparties
Prospective investors should be aware that, where the relevant Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise 
its discretion rights in such capacity under the Swap Agreement (including any right to terminate the Swap 
Agreement), in respect of the terms and conditions or otherwise in respect of the Notes, then unless 
specified to the contrary therein, such Swap Counterparty will be under no obligation to, and will not 
assume any fiduciary duty or responsibility for, the Noteholders or any other person. Prospective investors 
should expect and understand that the relevant Swap Counterparty may attempt to maximise the beneficial 
outcome for itself (that is maximise any payments due to it and minimise any payments due from it) and 
will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any 
of its respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such selection.

--- Page 105 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
105
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed 
in accordance with:
1.
the audited financial statements of the Luxembourg Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 (the “2021 Accounts”), which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The 2021 Accounts have been filed with the Central Bank and can be found at:
http://www.argentumcapital.lu/pdfs/financial/Argentum%20AFS%202021.pdf
2.
the audited financial statements of the Luxembourg Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 (the “2022 Accounts”), which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The 2022 Accounts have been filed with the Central Bank and can be found at:
http://www.argentumcapital.lu/pdfs/financial/2022-12-
31%20Argentum%20Financial%20statements%20-%20Signed.pdf
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Luxembourg
Issuer since 31 December 2022, being the date of the Luxembourg Issuer’s last audited financial 
statements; and
3.
the Luxembourg Articles dated 30 April 2020. A copy of the Luxembourg Articles can be found at:
http://www.argentumcapital.lu/pdfs/statutory/2020-04-30-Argentum%20Capital%20S.A.-
Consolidatef%20AoA-Original.pdf
In respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, no financial statements of the Cayman Issuer have been 
prepared since the date of incorporation. The Cayman Issuer is not required by Cayman Islands law, and 
does not intend, to publish audited financial statements.
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
106
MASTER CONDITIONS
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Such Master Conditions, as modified and supplemented by any Additional Conditions set out in any 
Product Supplement that is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Alternative 
Drawdown Document and further subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms, or to completion, amendment and/or variation in accordance with the relevant 
section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, shall be applicable to the Notes. Either 
(i) the full text of these Master Conditions together with the relevant Additional Conditions and the relevant 
provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or the relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown 
Document, as the case may be, or (ii) these Master Conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
any Bearer Note or on any Certificate relating to a Registered Note. In respect of the Notes, “Issue Terms” 
means the applicable “Final Terms” for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed 
by the Luxembourg Issuer which specifies the issue details of the Notes or, in all other cases (and which 
shall be the case for Credit Linked Notes and Collateral Basket Notes), the applicable terms and conditions 
set out in the “Alternative Drawdown Document” which may include a series memorandum or a series 
prospectus relating to the Notes incorporating by reference the whole or any part of these Master 
Conditions and any Additional Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the Trust Deed. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
These Master Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred 
to below.
An Agency Agreement has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent, custodian (in respect of 
Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer only) and collateral administrator (where specified in the relevant Issue 
Deed), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as initial paying agent (in respect of 
Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only), custodian (in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer only), registrar and transfer agent and the other agents named in it.
The issuing and paying agent, the calculation agent, each relevant custodian, the disposal agent, the 
collateral administrator, the registrar, the paying agents and transfer agents for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Calculation Agent”, the 
“Custodian”, the “Disposal Agent”, the “Collateral Administrator”, the “Registrar”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and collectively as the “Agents”.
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) 
(the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to 
the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are 
deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and any other 
Transaction Document entered into in connection with the Notes.
As used in the Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes of a Series or, where a Series comprises Classes, a 
Class, that are issued on the same date and that are identical in all respects. Where applicable, references

--- Page 107 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
107
made herein to the “Issuer” in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer shall be construed as references to the 
“Company” in respect of the Luxembourg Company.
1
Definitions and Interpretation
(a)
Definitions
All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them in 
the Trust Deed, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Issue Deed relating to the Notes 
and the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, the terms of the Issue Deed shall prevail. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, the terms of the relevant Issue 
Deed and the terms of the applicable Issue Terms, the terms of the applicable Issue Terms shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between these Master Conditions and the terms of the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In addition, the 
following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accounts” means each Securities Account and Cash Account (in each case as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) opened by the relevant Custodian for the relevant Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series pursuant to the Agency Agreement.
“Actual Currency Proceeds” means the Available Proceeds as of the Early Valuation Date but 
excluding any amount paid by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of 
all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the Notes provided that if 
any Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation Date then the Actual Currency 
Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair bid-side 
market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred on the sale of the Collateral.
“Additional Conditions” means any of the Additional Pass-Through Conditions, the Additional CLN 
Conditions or the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions, each of which has the meaning given to 
it in the applicable Product Supplement.
“Additional Redemption Event” means the determination by the Calculation Agent on any day of 
the occurrence of any of the Additional Redemption Events specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to:
(i)
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from 
(a) the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders or (b) the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate;
(ii)
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from 
(a) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or (b) the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, in each 
case that would otherwise arise as a result of any changes made to the Swap Agreement as 
a consequence of the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate; and
(iii)
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the Notes and any

--- Page 108 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
108
transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement which have resulted following the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event.
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate 
by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero, 
or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:
(i)
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either (i) the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or 
(ii) the Swap Counterparty or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; or
(ii)
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any event 
which otherwise constitutes an “administrator/benchmark event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions.
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is:
(i)
required under any applicable law or regulation; or
(ii)
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that 
the Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal,
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference Rate 
Trade Date.
“Affected Class Cash Redemption Portion” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes, a cash amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal to (i) the Affected 
Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of the Early Redeeming Class of Notes minus (ii) the Affected 
Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of the Early Redeeming Class of Notes multiplied by the 
fraction obtained by dividing (x) the Affected Collateral Rounding Component in respect of the Early 
Redeeming Class of Notes by (y) the aggregate nominal amount of the Affected Class Collateral 
relating to the Early Redeeming Class of Notes.
“Affected Class Collateral” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes, the Class 
Collateral relating to such Early Redeeming Class of Notes excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, 
where either the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty has a Credit Support Balance under the Credit 
Support Annex, any Eligible Credit Support and amounts derived therefrom making up such Credit 
Support Balance.

--- Page 109 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
109
“Affected Class Collateral Proceeds” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes 
and with respect to a Liquidation Event, as of a particular day:
(i)
all Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds, any amount paid by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of the Affected Class Terminated Transaction under the 
Swap Agreement relating to such Early Redeeming Class of Notes and all other cash sums 
available to the Issuer derived from the Mortgaged Property relating to such Class of Notes; 
less
(ii)
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Master Condition 
15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation)
on any Issuer Application Date.
“Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes, 
all cash sums in the Base Currency from the Liquidation of the Affected Class Collateral, provided 
that if any Affected Class Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation Date, the 
Affected Class Liquidation Proceeds in respect of such Affected Class Collateral not then Liquidated 
shall be deemed to be the fair bid-side value of such Affected Class Collateral as of the Early 
Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that 
would be incurred on the sale of the Affected Class Collateral.
“Affected Class Terminated Transaction” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes and a Swap Agreement, the Swap Transaction relating to such Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes entered into under such Swap Agreement.
“Affected Class Termination Payment” means, in respect of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes, 
any Termination Payment in the Base Currency in respect of the Swap Agreement and the relevant 
Affected Class Terminated Transaction, together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon, 
provided that the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Affected Class Termination Payment payable 
by the Issuer shall be limited to the prevailing value of the Affected Class Collateral at the time.
“Affected Collateral Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(b) 
(Liquidation process).
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or indirectly, 
under common control with that person. For this purpose “control” means ownership of a majority 
of the voting power of the entity or person.
“Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent, custodian (in respect 
of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer) and collateral administrator, The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as initial paying agent (in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer), custodian (in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer), registrar and transfer 
agent and the other agents named in the Original Programme Deed by execution of the Original 
Programme Deed, as amended and restated by execution of the relevant Programme Deed in 
respect of the Programme.
“Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Aggregated Note Entitlements” has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 8(u) 
(Physical Redemption Amounts).
“Alternative Drawdown Document” means, where the Notes are not issued by way of Final Terms 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the document relating to the Notes that describes the Issue 
Terms. References to “Alternative Drawdown Documents” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 110 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
110
“Articles” means the Luxembourg Articles or the Cayman Articles, as applicable.
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, Tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction.
“Available Deliverable Collateral” has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 8(u) 
(Physical Redemption Amounts).
“Available Proceeds” means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event, as of a 
particular day:
(i)
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of Collateral for the Notes, any amount paid by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the Notes, any amounts realised by the 
Trustee on enforcement of the Security and all other cash sums available to the Issuer or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, derived from the Mortgaged Property for such Series; less
(ii)
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Master Condition 
15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) 
on any Issuer Application Date or by the Trustee pursuant to Master Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security) on any Trustee Application 
Date, as the case may be.
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Redemption Amount is payable by the Issuer in 
respect of any Notes, the Collateral comprised in such Physical Redemption Amount shall not, in 
any way, constitute Available Proceeds.
“Bank” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(a) (Bearer Notes).
“Bankruptcy Credit Event” means the occurrence of a Credit Event as a result of Bankruptcy, and
with each of “Credit Event” and “Bankruptcy” having the meaning given to them in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions.
“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to a party, (i) such party (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; (d) institutes or has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding 
up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives

--- Page 111 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
111
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
such party, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any 
definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for 
credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
and/or (iii) such party is an Affiliate of another party and a Bankruptcy Event has occurred with 
respect to such other party (provided that, for the purposes of determining whether a Bankruptcy 
Event has occurred with respect to such other party, paragraph (iii) of this definition shall be 
disregarded).
“Base Currency” means (i) for a Series of Notes comprising Classes denominated in more than 
one currency, the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) otherwise, the 
Specified Currency.
“Base Listing Particulars” means this document which, in respect of Notes issued by the 
Luxembourg Issuer, constitutes base listing particulars for the purposes of the issuance of Notes to 
be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on Global Exchange Market.
“Base Prospectus” means this document which, in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer, constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation.
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified Denomination 
and Title).
“Board” means the board of directors of the relevant Company.
“Broken Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Business Centre” means any business centre specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency;
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro (a “TARGET Business Day”);
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in such Business Centres or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
such Business Centres; and/or
(iv)
any other day specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, (ii) the 
Following Business Day Convention, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention and (iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, provided that if ISDA Determination, “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” and “Unscheduled Holiday” are applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and where 
Following Business Day Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or Preceding 
Business Day Convention is specified to apply to a particular date and such date would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to Valuation Business Day and Exercise 
Business Day and construing references to the Confirmation to mean the applicable Issue Terms) 
notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv) above, the relevant day will instead be the first following 
day that is a Business Day after such Unscheduled Holiday.

--- Page 112 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
112
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Calculation Agent (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; (d) institutes or has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding 
up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
the Calculation Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person 
under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard 
terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Swap Counterparty.
“Calculation Agent Business Day” means a business day in the jurisdiction of the Calculation 
Agent.
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Interest Accrual Period, the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Calculation Amount Factor” means, in respect of a Note, the number equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.
“Calculation Period” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Day Count Fraction” in this 
Master Condition 1(a).
“Cash Redemption Portion” means a cash amount equal to (i) the Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Proceeds minus (ii) the Physical Top-Up Portions (if any).
“Cayman Articles” means the memorandum of association and the articles of association of the 
Cayman Company, as may be amended from time to time.
“Cayman Board” means the board of directors of the Cayman Company.
“Cayman Companies Act” means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as 
amended from time to time.
“Cayman Company” means Ascent Finance Limited.

--- Page 113 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
113
“Cayman Corporate Services Agreement” means the administration agreement entered into by 
the Cayman Company, the Cayman Corporate Services Provider and Intertrust SPV (Cayman) 
Limited as owner, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
“Cayman Corporate Services Provider” means Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited.
“Cayman Corporate Services Provider Fees” means any fees charged by, or any other amounts 
owed to, the Cayman Corporate Services Provider for the performance of its duties pursuant to the 
Cayman Corporate Services Agreement.
“Cayman Issuer” means, for a Series, the Cayman Company.
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified Denomination and 
Title).
“Class Collateral” has, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in 
respect of a Series, the meaning given to it in such Issue Terms.
“Classes” means, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in respect 
of a Series, such classes as are specified in such Issue Terms and “Class” shall be construed 
accordingly.
“Clearing System Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(b)(iii) 
(Registered Notes).
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
“Collateral” means, in connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or 
interests in and to:
(i)
the Original Collateral (other than any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, 
posted or otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex); and
(ii)
from time to time, any CSA Posted Collateral held by the Issuer; and
(iii)
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex.
The term “Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (a) any net proceeds of 
Liquidation remaining following the Liquidation of Collateral in respect of the redemption of some, 
but not all, of the Notes then outstanding which were not then payable to Noteholders, (b) any further 
Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes that are to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or a class thereof, (c) any Collateral acquired 
by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any Collateral previously held by it, (d) any 
asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) 
into which any of the Collateral is converted or exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any 
relevant person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof 
and (e) in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, any cash held by the Cayman Issuer with 
the Custodian in respect of the relevant Series.
“Collateral Administrator” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Collateral Basket Notes” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Basket Product Supplement.
“Collateral Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events which are specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms:
(i)
Original Collateral Call;

--- Page 114 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
114
(ii)
Original Collateral Default;
(iii)
Original Collateral Subordination Event;
(iv)
Original Collateral Non-Call Event;
(v)
Original Collateral Payment Failure;
(vi)
Original Collateral Conversion; or
(vii)
Currency Redenomination Event.
“Collateral Event Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption following a Collateral Event).
“Collateral Obligor” means any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any relevant 
person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the Collateral pursuant to 
the terms of such Collateral.
“Companies Act 1915” means the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended.
“Company” means the Luxembourg Company or the Cayman Company, as the context requires 
and in respect of a Series of Notes, shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. References to 
“Companies” shall be construed accordingly.
“Compartment” means, in respect of the Luxembourg Company, the compartment established by 
the Luxembourg Board in respect of a Series of Notes.
“Component Collateral” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Non-Physically 
Deliverable Collateral Component.
“Compounded Daily SARON” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen 
Rate Determination).
“Compounded Daily SOFR” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen Rate 
Determination).
“Compounded Daily SONIA” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen Rate 
Determination).
“Compounded Daily TONA” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen Rate 
Determination).
“Compounded Daily €STR” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen Rate 
Determination).
“Conditions” means, in respect of the Notes, the Master Conditions as modified and supplemented 
by any Additional Conditions set out in any Product Supplement that is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and further subject to completion and amendment, and as 
supplemented and/or varied by the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, provided that where 
such Notes are issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation (which is 
applicable in the case Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only), the Conditions may not be 
amended, supplemented or varied by the provisions of the Final Terms. References to a particularly 
numbered Master Condition shall be construed as a reference to the Master Condition so numbered 
in the Master Conditions.
To the extent that the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case 
may be, the Conditions shall be as defined above but as completed, amended, supplemented and/or

--- Page 115 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
115
varied by the terms of the Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be. See the section of 
this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” 
on pages 310 to 314 for a description thereof.
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the Luxembourg Corporate Services Agreement or the 
Cayman Corporate Services Agreement, as applicable.
“Corporate Services Provider” means the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider or the 
Cayman Corporate Services Provider, as applicable.
“Corporate Services Provider Fees” means any fees charged by, or any other amounts owed to, 
the relevant Corporate Services Provider for the performance of its duties pursuant to the relevant 
Corporate Services Agreement.
“Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event” means (i) the Swap Counterparty (a) is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing 
its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; (d) institutes or has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding 
up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), and/or (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
the Swap Counterparty, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person 
under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard 
terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement of the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions.
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies.
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions.
“Credit Linked Notes” has the meaning given to it in the CLN Conditions Product Supplement.
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Master Agreement” in this 
Master Condition 1(a).

--- Page 116 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
116
“CSA Posted Collateral” means any securities, cash or other assets or property transferred by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex that are Eligible Credit 
Support comprising the Credit Support Balance of the Swap Counterparty (as such terms are 
defined in the Swap Agreement).
“CSSF” means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the Luxembourg financial 
sector regulator, in its capacity as supervisory authority of the Luxembourg Company under the 
Securitisation Act 2004.
“Currency Redenomination Event” means, in respect of any Original Collateral, that the currency 
in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor pays (or is required under any applicable law to 
pay) interest or principal is redenominated, substituted or otherwise changed from the currency in 
which any such payment of interest or principal was, at the date the relevant Original Collateral 
became Collateral for the purposes of the Notes, due to be made.
“Custodian” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions and shall be The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (with respect to Notes issued by the 
Luxembourg Issuer) or The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (with respect to Notes issued 
by the Cayman Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Base Prospectus to “the 
Custodian” shall refer to the relevant Custodian in respect of the corresponding Series of Notes, 
unless the context otherwise requires.
“Cut-off Date” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:
(i)
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of:
(A)
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is made or 
the information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition of “Reference 
Rate Cessation”); and
(B)
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-
representative;
(ii)
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of:
(A)
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred; and
(B)
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date;
(iii)
in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of:
(A)
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred; and
(B)
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date;
(iv)
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of:
(A)
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Representative Statement Event has occurred; and
(B)
the Representative Statement Event Date; and
(v)
in respect of a Material Change Event, the later of:
(A)
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Material Change Event has occurred; and
(B)
the Material Change Event Date,

--- Page 117 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
117
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source and one or more 
of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London Business 
Days before the date determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (v) above (as applicable), then the 
Cut-off Date will instead be the second London Business Day following the date that, but for this 
proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last day of 
such period) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 118 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
118
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2- D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(vii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(I)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(II)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year.

--- Page 119 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
119
“Dealer Agreement” means the dealer agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Arranger and 
initial Dealer and any other parties thereto by execution of the Original Programme Deed, as 
amended and restated by execution of the relevant Programme Deed in respect of the Programme.
“Default Interest” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest).
“Delayed Interest Payment Dates” means, if “Delayed Payment” applies, the number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Delivery Instruction Certificate” means, in respect of any delivery of Collateral to a Noteholder 
under the Conditions, a delivery instruction certificate substantially in the form set out in the Principal 
Trust Deed, validly completed and executed by the relevant Noteholder.
“Determination Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
is so specified, each Interest Payment Date.
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date.
“Disposal Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Disposal Agent (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; (d) institutes or has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition either results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding 
up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i)(a) to (g), (ii) a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
the Disposal Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person 
under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard 
terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and/or (iii) the Disposal Agent is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred.
“Disposal Agent Fees” means any legal fees incurred by the Disposal Agent or any fee charged 
by, or any other amounts owed to, the Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties specified in, 
or incidental to, the Conditions.

--- Page 120 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
120
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note (or, where applicable, each 
Early Redeeming Note) other than a Credit Linked Note or a Collateral Basket Note, outstanding on 
the relevant Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount 
specified therein) or, if no such amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:
(i)
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms is 
“Cash Settlement” and the applicable Issue Terms do not specify that Classes apply, or 
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms is 
“Noteholder Settlement Option” and all Noteholders have elected or have been deemed to 
have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, an amount per Note determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Specified Currency 
Proceeds plus (ii) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon) minus (iii) any 
Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon);
(ii)
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
“Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the Noteholders has not elected or has 
not been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount per Note in respect of which an Early 
Cash Redemption Amount is payable (if any) equal to (i) that Note’s pro rata share (amongst 
only those Notes in respect of which an Early Cash Redemption Amount is payable (if any)) 
of the Cash Redemption Portion and (ii) an amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata
share (amongst all Notes outstanding on the relevant Early Redemption Date) of:
(a)
the Specified Currency Proceeds; less
(b)
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; less
(c)
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; plus
(d)
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the 
Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon); minus
(e)
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon); and
(iii)
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be an amount per Early Redeeming Note equal to that Early Redeeming 
Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Affected Class Cash Redemption Portion plus (ii) any Affected 
Class Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
by the Swap Counterparty minus (iii) any Affected Class Termination Payment in respect of 
the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer, provided that 
where all or part of such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such 
amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified 
Currency at a rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign 
exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of 
the Specified Currency.
“Early Redeeming Class of Notes” means a Redeeming Class of Notes or a Triggered Class of 
Notes.
“Early Redeeming Note” means any Note forming part of an Early Redeeming Class of Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
121
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(r) (Definition of 
Early Redemption Amount).
“Early Redemption Commencement Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as such 
pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase).
“Early Redemption Date” means:
(i)
for all purposes other than where an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurs as a 
result of an Original Collateral Call pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following 
a Collateral Event), or as a result of Master Condition 8(q) (Redemption of all Classes 
following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), the earlier of 
(a) the tenth Reference Business Day following the relevant Early Redemption 
Commencement Date and (b) the date designated as such by the Calculation Agent 
(provided that all proceeds of such Liquidation of the Collateral have been received by or on 
behalf of the Issuer);
(ii)
for the purposes of an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurring as a result of an 
Original Collateral Call pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral 
Event), the day that falls 10 Reference Business Days after the later of the Original Collateral 
Early Payment Date and the relevant Early Redemption Commencement Date (provided that 
if all of the Collateral has been redeemed and/or Liquidated on or before the third Reference 
Business Day prior to such date, the Early Redemption Date shall be the third Reference 
Business Day after the later of (x) the Early Redemption Commencement Date and (y) the 
date on which all proceeds of such redemption and/or Liquidation of the Collateral have been 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer); and
(iii)
for the purposes of an Early Redemption Commencement Date occurring pursuant to Master 
Condition 8(q) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of 
certain Class(es) of Notes only), the fifth Reference Business Day following the relevant Early 
Redemption Commencement Date.
“Early Redemption Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Noteholders of that 
Series in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) (or, in the case of Master Condition 8(o) 
(Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default), from the Trustee to the Issuer) that 
specifies that the Notes of that Series are to be redeemed pursuant to Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) or Master Condition 8(q) (Redemption of all Classes following an 
Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), as the case may be. An Early 
Redemption Notice given pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) must contain 
a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that the Notes of the 
relevant Series are to be redeemed, and, in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the 
Issuer, must specify the anticipated Early Redemption Date and which of Master Conditions 8(c) 
(Redemption following a Collateral Event) to 8(q) (Redemption of all Classes following an 
Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only), as the case may be, are 
applicable. A copy of any Early Redemption Notice shall also be sent by the Issuer to all Transaction 
Parties relating to that Series, save that any failure to deliver a copy shall not invalidate the relevant 
Early Redemption Notice.
“Early Redemption Notification Period” means the period of five Reference Business Days, or 
such other period as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement.
“Early Valuation Date” means the fifth Reference Business Day following the relevant Early 
Redemption Commencement Date.

--- Page 122 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
122
“EEA” means the European Economic Area.
“EEA Regulated Market” means a market which complies with the requirements set out in Article 
4.1 (14) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
“Enforcement Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:
(i)
the Issuer fails to pay (a) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of Notes or 
Class thereof and/or (b) any interest or Instalment Amount in respect of any Series of Notes 
or Class thereof that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, and, in each case, 
has not paid any such amount (together with any Default Interest accrued thereon) on or by 
the Relevant Payment Date;
(ii)
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date, payment and/or 
delivery in respect of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of any Series or 
Class thereof is not made on the Early Redemption Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
such failure to pay in respect of any Class of Notes shall trigger an Enforcement Event in 
respect of each Class of Notes outstanding); or
(iii)
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable 
and/or deliverable, as the case may be, to the Noteholders and the Couponholders (whether 
before or after the Maturity Date), the failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due and payable 
to the Swap Counterparty on the relevant due date for payment under the Swap Agreement.
“Enforcement Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 14(b) (Enforcement Notice).
“Equivalent Obligations” means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that share 
common terms and conditions.
“EURIBOR” means the relevant euro interbank offered rate.
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default).
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral” means any Remaining Original Collateral left after all 
Note Entitlements and Aggregated Note Entitlements have been allocated out of the Available 
Deliverable Collateral.
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means all cash sums derived from the 
Liquidation of the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral, provided that where all or part of such 
cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each such part thereof, 
as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate determined by the 
Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the 
relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency.
“Exercised Note” means a Note in respect of which a Noteholder Settlement Option has been 
exercised or deemed exercised, as the case may be. An Exercised Note may not be withdrawn 
without the Issuer’s consent.
“Exercise Notice” means an exercise notice in or substantially in the form set out in the Principal 
Trust Deed.
“FATCA” means (i) Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; (ii) any similar or successor legislation to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; (iii) any regulations or guidance pursuant to either of the 
foregoing; (iv) any official interpretations of any of the foregoing; (v) any intergovernmental

--- Page 123 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
123
agreement to facilitate the implementation of any of the foregoing (an “IGA”); or (vi) any law 
implementing an IGA; or (vii) any agreement with the United States or any other jurisdiction or 
authority pursuant to any of the foregoing.
“FATCA Withholding Tax” means any withholding imposed on any payments in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to FATCA.
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Note, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (i) the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or Additional 
Conditions (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining 
such amount specified therein), (ii) if “Physical Settlement” is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Physical Redemption Amount, or (iii) if no amount is so specified, the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Note.
“Final Terms” means the final terms completed by the Luxembourg Issuer in respect of the Notes.
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Fixed Rate Note” means an issue of Notes in respect of which “Fixed Rate Note” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Floating Rate Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business Day 
Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in respect of 
the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) (Reference Business 
Day Convention).
“Floating Rate Matrix” means the “2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate 
Matrix” published by ISDA.
“Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version” means the applicable version of the Floating Rate 
Matrix published by ISDA on the Initial Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Floating Rate Note” means an issue of Notes in respect of which “Floating Rate Note” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business Day 
Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in respect of 
the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) (Reference Business 
Day Convention).
“GEM” means the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.
An “Illegality Event” shall occur if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after 
the Issue Date, or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it 
becomes unlawful for the Issuer (i) to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a 
payment or delivery in respect of the Notes or any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Notes, (ii) to hold any Collateral or to receive a payment or delivery in respect of any Collateral or 
(iii) to comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Notes.
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the 
meaning given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”.
“Information Reporting Regime” means (i) the common standard on reporting and due diligence 
for financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development, bilateral and multilateral competent authority agreements, and treaties facilitating the

--- Page 124 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
124
implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common standard, competent authority 
agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty, (ii) Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU)
and any law implementing such Council Directive and (iii) FATCA.
“Initial Issuer Application Date” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Issuer Application 
Date” in this Master Condition 1(a).
“Initial Trade Date” means, in respect of a Note, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“Instalment Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Instalment Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount specified 
therein.
“Instalment Date” means, in respect of a Note, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“interest”, in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Notes, shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Master Condition 7 (Interest).
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms 
part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is sterling, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in (A) London for the Specified Currency (in respect of Notes issued by the 
Luxembourg Issuer) or (B) the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (in respect of 
Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer), in each case, prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro, 
in each case subject to any applicable adjustment provisions provided for within the Conditions.
“Interest Payment Date” means:
(i)
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and

--- Page 125 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
125
(ii)
in respect of all Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes:
(a)
each date specified as a Specified Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms;
(b)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date; 
or
(c)
if “ISDA Determination” and OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies and 
“Delayed Payment” also applies, the date that is the number of Delayed Interest 
Payment Dates falling after the relevant Interest Period End Date, provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be the Maturity Date 
or other date for redemption of the relevant Notes.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date.
“Interest Period Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, each such Interest Payment 
Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention for the purpose 
of determining the Interest Accrual Period (even if, for the avoidance of doubt, such Interest 
Payment Dates are adjusted for the purpose of payment of Interest Amounts).
“Interest Period End Date” means the day on which an Interest Period ends but which is excluded 
from the Interest Period by the definition thereof.
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
“ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks” means, in respect of any Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions), the fallbacks set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions applicable to such Floating Rate 
Option other than ISDA Generic Fallbacks.
“ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA.
“ISDA Definitions” means:
(i)
if “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and, in respect of each Series, as amended and supplemented up to and 
including the Initial Trade Date of the first Tranche of such Series (the “2006 ISDA 
Definitions”); and
(ii)
if “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions, which, as of the Initial Trade Date of the first Tranche of 
such Series, will be deemed to refer to the 2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version and 
the Floating Rate Matrix will be deemed to refer to the Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version (as specified in the applicable terms) (the “2021 ISDA Definitions”).
“ISDA Generic Fallbacks” means any fallbacks would be required to be determined in accordance 
with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 126 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
126
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Determination: 2006 
ISDA Definitions) or Master Condition 7(b)(vi) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions) as 
applicable.
“Issue Date” means, in relation to each Tranche, the date on which the Notes of that Tranche have 
been issued or, if not yet issued, the date agreed for their issue between the Issuer and the Dealer 
for such Tranche.
“Issue Deed” means the issue deed entered into by the Transaction Parties and such other parties 
specified therein in relation to the Notes which, amongst other things, creates the Master Agreement 
and supplements and, to the extent agreed amongst the parties thereto, amends the Trust Deed 
and the other Transaction Documents in respect of such Notes only (but provided that where one 
or more further Tranches of Notes are issued in accordance with Master Condition 21(a) (Further 
Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes, and where the context so 
requires, references to the Issue Deed shall be deemed to include the Issue Deed entered into in 
respect of such further Tranche or Tranches).
“Issue Terms” means the applicable Final Terms or, where an Alternative Drawdown Document is 
prepared (which shall be the case for Credit Linked Notes and Collateral Basket Notes), the 
applicable terms and conditions set out in such Alternative Drawdown Document, as specified in 
the relevant Issue Deed.
“Issuer” means, the Luxembourg Issuer or the Cayman Issuer and in respect of a Series of Notes, 
shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. References to “Issuers” shall be construed 
accordingly.
“Issuer Application Date” means each of:
(i)
where no Physical Redemption Amount is payable in respect of any Notes, the Early 
Redemption Date or Relevant Payment Date, as applicable or, if later, the fifth Reference 
Business Day after the earliest date on which the amount owing to or from the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Redemption Amount and any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and 
payable on the Maturity Date in respect of the Series or any relevant Class thereof, as 
applicable, have been determined pursuant to the Conditions and/or the terms of the relevant 
Transaction Document(s), as applicable and, to the extent not all the Collateral has been 
Liquidated in full or the cash proceeds of such Liquidation have not been received by or on 
behalf of the Issuer by such time, each day that is five Reference Business Days following 
receipt by the Issuer of additional proceeds resulting from the related Liquidation; or
(ii)
where a Physical Redemption Amount is payable in respect of any Notes, the Early 
Redemption Date or Relevant Payment Date, as applicable or, if later, the later of (a) the date 
falling five Reference Business Days after all the Collateral required to be liquidated has been 
liquidated in full and the cash proceeds have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
(b) the fifth Reference Business Day after the earliest date on which the amount owing to or 
from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Final Redemption Amount and any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due 
and payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, have been determined pursuant to the terms 
of the Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Document(s), as applicable (the Issuer 
Application Date pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, the “Initial Issuer 
Application Date”); and

--- Page 127 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
127
(iii)
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged Property that has not 
already been applied on the Initial Issuer Application Date, the date falling five Reference 
Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of such sum.
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“LIBOR” means the relevant London interbank offered rate.
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Collateral (or, in the case of an Early Redeeming Class of 
Notes, any Affected Class Collateral), the realisation of such Collateral (or, in the case of an Early 
Redeeming Class of Notes, any Affected Class Collateral) for cash proceeds whether by way of 
sale, early redemption, early repayment or agreed termination or by such other means as the 
Disposal Agent determines appropriate or in any other manner specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, in the case of a Bankruptcy Event affecting the Company, realisation by such means as 
determined by any competent bankruptcy officer and “Liquidate”, “Liquidated” and “Liquidating” 
shall be construed accordingly.
“Liquidation Commencement Date” means the later of (i) the day on which the Disposal Agent 
receives a Liquidation Commencement Notice and (ii) if Noteholder Settlement Option is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Settlement Option Cut-off Date.
“Liquidation Commencement Notice” means a notice from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in 
writing to the Disposal Agent, the Custodian and the Trustee of the occurrence of a Liquidation 
Event, which may be in respect of the Series or of one or more Early Redeeming Classes of Notes. 
Any Early Redemption Notice and/or Swap Termination Notice given or copied to the Disposal Agent 
shall constitute a Liquidation Commencement Notice.
“Liquidation Event” means:
(i)
default is made in the payment or delivery of (a) the Final Redemption Amount or (b) any 
interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date; or
(ii)
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date.
“Liquidation Expenses” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(d) (Costs and 
expenses).
“Luxembourg” means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
“Luxembourg Articles” means the articles of association of the Luxembourg Company, as may be 
amended from time to time.
“Luxembourg Board” means the board of directors of the Luxembourg Company.
“Luxembourg Company” means Argentum Capital S.A.
“Luxembourg Corporate Services Agreement” means the domiciliation agreement dated 11 
December 2013 and entered into between the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider, the 
Luxembourg Company and Credit Suisse International, as amended and/or supplemented from time 
to time.
“Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider” means the corporate services provider to the 
Luxembourg Company, Apex Fund and Corporate Products S.A. (previously known as Sanne 
Group (Luxembourg) S.A.), a public company limited by shares (société anonyme) having its 
registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and 
registered with the RCS under number B138069.

--- Page 128 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
128
“Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider Fees” means any fees charged by, or any other 
amounts owed to, the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider for the performance of its duties 
pursuant to the Luxembourg Corporate Services Agreement.
“Luxembourg Issuer” means the Luxembourg Company acting in respect of one of its 
Compartments.
“Luxembourg Pledge” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(a)(i) (Security).
“Master Agreement” means (i) where a Swap Counterparty for the Notes is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its 
London Branch or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch (in respect of Notes issued 
by the Cayman Issuer only), the agreement entered into between the Issuer and Credit Suisse 
International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch or Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its Singapore Branch (as applicable) by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the 
form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule (the “Schedule”) thereto and 
which, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall include a credit support annex to the 
Schedule to the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement in the form of the ISDA Credit Support Annex 
(Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the “Credit Support Annex”) or (ii) where a Swap Counterparty for the 
Notes is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an entity other than Credit Suisse 
International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch or Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its Singapore Branch, the agreement defined as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Master Conditions” means these master conditions, as set out in Part C of Schedule 2 of the 
Principal Trust Deed. References to a particularly numbered Master Condition shall be construed 
as a reference to the Master Condition so numbered in the Master Conditions.
“Material Change Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”.
“Material Change Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in 
the definition of “Reference Rate Event”.
“Maturity Cut-off Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 15(e) (Foreign exchange 
conversion).
“Maturity Date” means, in respect of a Note, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“Mémorial” means the Luxembourg legal gazette (the Mémorial C, Recueil des sociétés et 
associations and, as from 1 June 2016, the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations).
“MiFID II” means 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended).
“Modifications” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 12(c) (Consequential 
amendments).
“Modifications Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 12(c)(iii) (Consequential 
amendments).
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business 
Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in respect 
of the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) (Reference 
Business Day Convention).

--- Page 129 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
129
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited, which is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered under the CRA Regulation.
“Mortgaged Property” means:
(i)
the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom;
(ii)
all cash (if any) held by the Issuer in respect of the Series;
(iii)
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement (if any) and the rights, 
title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from any such Swap 
Agreement;
(iv)
the rights and interest of the Issuer under the Agency Agreement and the rights, title and 
interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from the Agency Agreement; 
and
(v)
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights and/or 
agreements of the Issuer (other than the Issuer’s share capital) from time to time charged or 
assigned or otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Trustee pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case may be,
in each case securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the context permits, 
any part of that Mortgaged Property.
“New Collateral Criteria” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of 
Original Collateral).
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral” means the aggregate of all Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Components (which may be one only) in respect of the Remaining Original Collateral.
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, for 
each type of Original Collateral comprising the Remaining Original Collateral (each, a “Component 
Collateral”), an aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral equal to the product of (i) 
the aggregate nominal amount of all such Component Collateral and (ii) the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding in respect of which an Early Cash Redemption Amount is payable 
(if any) divided by the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding, with the resulting product 
of (i) and (ii) being rounded up to the nearest tradable unit of such Component Collateral, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (the aggregate nominal amount of any such rounding up in 
respect of the relevant Component Collateral, being the “Non-Physical Rounding Component”).
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, all cash 
sums derived from the Liquidation of the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral, provided that where 
all or part of such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each 
such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing 
for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency.
“Non-Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component.
“Note Entitlement” has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 8(u) (Physical 
Redemption Amounts).
“Note Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons).

--- Page 130 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
130
“Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and “holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) save that for so 
long as such Notes or any part thereof are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate held 
by or on behalf of one or more clearing systems, each person (other than one clearing system to 
the extent that it appears on the books of another clearing system) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant clearing system as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error), shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee 
and each Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the right to payment on such nominal amount or interest (if any) on such Notes, the 
right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent, solely in the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note or the person in whose name the Global Certificate is registered in 
accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the Trust Deed and the expressions 
“holder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be construed 
accordingly.
“Notes” means the secured notes issued under this Programme.
“Obligation” means, in respect of an Issuer, (i) any obligation of such Issuer for the payment or 
repayment of borrowed money, which shall include, without limitation, any Note and (ii) any other 
obligation that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note, certificated debt security or other 
debt security and any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan 
agreement or other similar credit agreement (to the extent allowed under the Securitisation Act 
2004, if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, or under the Cayman Companies Act, if the Issuer is 
the Cayman Issuer).
“Original Collateral” means, in connection with the issue of the Notes, the relevant Issuer’s rights, 
title and/or interests in and to:
(i)
one or more transferable securities specified in the applicable Issue Terms as forming part 
of the Original Collateral and issued by or representing obligations of one or more persons; 
and/or
(ii)
loans, deposits, shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts, any cash held in the Cash 
Account (as defined in the Agency Agreement and in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman 
Issuer only) or any other asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
the benefit of contractual rights) specified in the applicable Issue Terms as forming part of 
the Original Collateral and representing obligations of one or more persons.
The term “Original Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (x) any further 
Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes that are to be 
consolidated and form a single series or class thereof with the Notes, (y) any Original Collateral 
acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any Original Collateral previously 
held by it, respectively and (z) any asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
the benefit of contractual rights) into which any of the Original Collateral is converted or exchanged 
or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Original Collateral for or on behalf 
of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. For the avoidance of doubt Original Collateral shall not 
include any CSA Posted Collateral or any other securities, cash or other assets or property 
transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, or deriving therefrom.

--- Page 131 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
131
“Original Collateral Call” means notice is given that any of the Original Collateral is called for 
redemption or repayment or prepayment (whether in whole or in part) prior to its scheduled maturity 
date.
“Original Collateral Call Date” means the date on which the Original Collateral may be called by 
the Original Collateral Obligor in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral.
“Original Collateral Conversion” means the conversion of the Original Collateral into any other 
financial instrument upon the exercise by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor of any option or 
other right to convert the Original Collateral under the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral.
“Original Collateral Default” means any of the Original Collateral becomes payable or repayable 
or becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity for whatever 
reason, otherwise than in accordance with their scheduled repayment profile or as a result of the 
exercise of an issuer option or a holder option unless such option arises as a result of an event of 
default, a tax event or other similar event (which shall also be triggered where any Original Collateral 
comprises bail-in eligible debt and a bail-in occurs with respect to such Original Collateral as a result 
of the application of resolution procedures to the Collateral Obligor whether by way of reduction of 
the principal amount outstanding of such Original Collateral or otherwise).
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Original Collateral Reference Rate 
is adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Original Collateral 
Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Original Collateral or otherwise, the 
definition or description of which event either:
(i)
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation 
event”, an “administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in each 
case regardless of the contents of that definition or description); or
(ii)
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative Statement 
Event” and/or “Material Change Event”.
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(B).
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Master Condition 9(i)(i)(B).
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning 
given to it in Master Condition 9(i)(ii)(C).
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to (without duplication):
(i)
an amount equal to:
(A)
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the 
terms of the Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus
(B)
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the 
terms of the Original Collateral on the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; 
minus
(ii)
an amount equal to:

--- Page 132 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
132
(A)
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of 
any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus
(B)
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of 
such hedge transactions on the date immediately preceding the date on which the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event occurred; minus
(iii)
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the Original Collateral 
and such hedge transactions which have resulted following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event.
“Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(A).
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Master Condition 9(i)(i)(C).
“Original Collateral Early Payment Date” means, following the occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Call, the day on which the Original Collateral that is the subject of the Original Collateral Call is 
scheduled to redeem or repay early.
“Original Collateral Non-Call Cut-off Date” means the final day of the period during which the 
Original Collateral Obligor can give notice to the holders of the Original Collateral that the Original 
Collateral is to be called in whole in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Original 
Collateral.
“Original Collateral Non-Call Event” means the Original Collateral Obligor failing to give notice 
that the Original Collateral is to be called in whole on the Original Collateral Call Date by no later 
the Original Collateral Non-Call Cut-off Date.
“Original Collateral Obligor” means the Collateral Obligor in respect of the Original Collateral from 
time to time.
“Original Collateral Payment Failure” means, in respect of any Original Collateral, the failure by 
the relevant Original Collateral Obligor to make a scheduled payment on the date, in the place and 
in the currency such payment was scheduled to be made as at the Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date (disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or adjustments to any 
scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof) in respect of such Original 
Collateral.
“Original Collateral Proceeds” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Value of the Original 
Collateral” in this Master Condition 1(a).
“Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the Initial Trade Date or, if 
different, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Original Collateral Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or 
price source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined.
“Original Collateral Subordination Event” means, in respect of any Original Collateral, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events:

--- Page 133 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
133
(a)
liquidation proceedings have been commenced in respect of the Original Collateral Obligor, 
or any other order or resolution for the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Original 
Collateral Obligor has been made (except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for 
the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Original Collateral 
Obligor, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation (x) have 
previously been approved in writing by the holders of the Original Collateral and (y) do not 
provide that the Original Collateral shall thereby become redeemable or repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral); 
(b)
a court in the Relevant Jurisdiction decides to commence bankruptcy, corporate 
reorganisation or rehabilitation proceedings (as applicable under the law of the Relevant 
Jurisdiction) against the Original Collateral Obligor; or
(c)
any analogous event relating to the Original Collateral Obligor to those described in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above under any insolvency, bankruptcy or similar law outside of the 
Relevant Jurisdiction which is applicable to the Original Collateral Obligor (including any other 
order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up and/or 
liquidation of the Original Collateral Obligor (except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up 
solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Original 
Collateral Obligor, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation (x) 
have previously been approved in writing by the holders of the Original Collateral and (y) do 
not provide that the Securities shall thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral).
“Original Collateral Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption 
for taxation reasons).
“Original Programme Deed” means an agreement entered into by the Issuer and other parties the 
execution of which originally created the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement and certain other documentation in respect of the 
Programme.
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Physical Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(u) (Physical 
Redemption Amounts).
“Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(u) (Physical 
Redemption Amounts).
“Physical Settlement” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Physical Top-Up Portion” means the aggregate of the cash amounts obtained in respect of each 
Component Collateral by multiplying (i) the portion of the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral 
Proceeds in respect of that Component Collateral and (ii) the fraction obtained by dividing (a) the 
Non-Physical Rounding Component in respect of that Component Collateral divided by (b) the 
aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral.
“Pledged Collateral” means, in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, all the present 
and future assets, rights and claims the Issuer has or will have in relation to the Accounts, including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, securities, cash and other rights and the property held therein or credited 
thereto and the proceeds and products thereof and property received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed in respect of the Accounts and the property held therein and any assets from time to time 
subject, or expressed to be subject, to the Luxembourg Pledge or any part of those assets.

--- Page 134 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
134
“Pre-Conditions to Delivery” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(t) (Provisions 
relating to Physical Redemption Amounts).
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the 
first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated Replacement 
Reference Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event.
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning (i) in respect of the Business Day 
Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention) and (ii) in respect of 
the Reference Business Day Convention, as given to it in Master Condition 9(l) (Reference Business 
Day Convention).
“PRIIPs Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, the Final Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase).
“Principal Trust Deed” means the principal trust deed entered into by the Issuer, BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited and others by execution of the Original Programme Deed, as 
amended and restated by execution of the relevant Programme Deed in respect of the Programme.
“Priority Fallback” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions Priority Fallbacks or the ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks, as applicable.
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 25(b) (Jurisdiction).
“Product Supplement” means any Product Supplement which is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“Programme” means, in respect of each Issuer, a programme for the issuance of secured notes, 
which programme was established by the relevant Issuer by execution of the Original Programme 
Deed.
“Programme Date” means, in respect of each Issuer and considered as at the Issue Date, the date 
on which the relevant Issuer and the other parties thereto most recently entered into a Programme 
Deed to update the Programme.
“Programme Deed” means the Original Programme Deed, or thereafter, an agreement entered into 
by the Issuers and other parties on the Programme Date and the execution of which amended and 
restated the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Repurchase and Cancellation 
Agreement and certain other documentation in respect of each Issuer’s Programme.
“Programme Memorandum” means the programme memorandum, in respect of the Cayman 
Issuer and its Programme only for the issuance of any Series of Notes which are not intended to be 
offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange (as updated 
and/or supplemented from time to time).
“Programme Parties” means the Arranger, the Calculation Agent, the relevant Custodian, the 
Dealer(s), the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agent (if applicable), the 
Collateral Administrator (if applicable), the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee and the 
Vendor.
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
“Quotation” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(b)(iii)(2) (Liquidation process).

--- Page 135 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
135
“Quotation Dealer” means a dealer in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be 
obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the relevant Issue Terms selected by the 
Calculation Agent. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or 
not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may select any other Quotation Dealer(s) as a substitute.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that 
is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Issue Terms.
“Rating Downgrade Trigger” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 11(d) (Replacement 
of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a Ratings Downgrade).
“RCS” means the Luxembourg trade and companies register (the Registre de commerce et des 
sociétés, Luxembourg).
“Receipts” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(b)(ii) (Registered Notes).
“Redeeming Class of Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(p) (Redemption 
following an Early Redemption Commencement Date in respect of certain Class(es) only).
“Redeeming Note” means any Note forming part of a Redeeming Class of Notes.
“Reference Business Day” means (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in each of the places specified for that purpose in the applicable 
Issue Terms under “Reference Business Day” and/or (ii) if “TARGET” or “TARGET Settlement Day” 
is specified under “Reference Business Day” in the applicable Issue Terms, a TARGET Settlement 
Day.
“Reference Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention and (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention.
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by 
reference to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the extent 
that any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source referred to in a Replacement Reference 
Rate applies in respect of a Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” for that Series from the day on 
which it first applies.
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate;
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of

--- Page 136 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
136
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Reference Rate; or
(iii)
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate).
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series, that one or more of the following has occurred 
(including where any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date):
(i)
a Reference Rate Cessation;
(ii)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event;
(iii)
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be 
in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified 
date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) 
established in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s 
paper entitled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014 (a “Risk-Free 
Rate Event”); or
(iv)
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (a) the 
regulatory supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not 
be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication will 
engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements 
by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts (a “Representative Statement 
Event” and the date on which the Reference Rate is non-representative being the 
“Representative Statement Event Date”); or
(v)
if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference 
Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change (a 
“Material Change Event” and the date on which the material change is effective being the 
“Material Change Event Date”).
“Reference Rate Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(c)(i) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event).
“Reference Rate Redemption Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 
8(k)(iv) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event).
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified Denomination and 
Title).
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, Specified 
Denomination and Title).
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
A “Regulatory Event” shall occur if:

--- Page 137 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
137
(a)
as a result of the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, 
regulation or regulatory guidance or interpretation;
(b)
due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation; or
(c)
as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or representative of any such 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity,
in each case after the Issue Date (including, without limitation, in connection with the application of 
(i) Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any implementing legislation in an EU Member State or 
the Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment) Regulations 2013 in the UK (as amended 
by the Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019), (ii) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations adopted 
thereunder and (iii) any technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules of procedures with respect to any of the foregoing), (x) it is or will 
be unlawful or there is a reasonable likelihood of it being unlawful for (I) the Issuer to maintain the 
Notes or that the maintenance of the existence of the Notes would make it unlawful to maintain the 
existence of any other notes issued by the Issuer or (II) for the Issuer to perform any duties in 
respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, any transactions necessary or advisable to hedge 
the Issuer’s risks in connection with the Notes), or (y) the costs of the Issuer complying with its 
obligations under the Trust Deed or under the Notes or its operating or administrative expenses are 
materially increased and the Issuer is unable to obtain the costs of such increase from another party 
or source.
“Regulatory Event Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(l) 
(Redemption following a Regulatory Event).
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note (or relevant Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation.
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means, in respect of an Original Collateral Subordination Event, the 
jurisdiction in which the Original Collateral Obligor is incorporated. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(ii)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Relevant Noteholder Proportion” means the Noteholders (which may be of the Series, a Class 
or a number of Affected Classes, as applicable) in respect of which a meeting is, or is to be,

--- Page 138 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
138
convened or in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution is proposed to be passed by way of 
Written Resolution or Electronic Consent.
“Relevant Number” in respect of a Screen Rate, has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“Relevant Payment Date” means, in the case of a Liquidation relating to a Liquidation Event arising 
due to the failure to pay the Final Redemption Amount or any interest or Instalment Amount that 
became due and payable on the Maturity Date, the day which falls 10 Reference Business Days 
after the Maturity Date.
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(XII) (Screen Rate 
Determination).
“Remaining Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation 
process).
“Replacement Collateral Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral).
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate 
must be:
(i)
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or
(ii)
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by (A) any Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of 
the Reference Rate (provided that such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
is substantially the same as the Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which recognition or 
acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, member 
advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) (an “Industry 
Standard Replacement Reference Rate”).
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the
Calculation Agent shall specify a date on which the interest rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source was recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard replacement 
(which may be before such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source commences).
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Master 
Condition 9(c)(ii) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event).
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Master Condition 9(c)(iii)(B) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event).
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it 
in Master Condition 9(c)(ii)(C) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event).
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Master 
Condition 9(c)(iii)(A) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event).
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to 
it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”.

--- Page 139 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
139
“Representative Statement Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given to it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”.
“Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement” means the repurchase and cancellation agreement 
entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealer(s) by execution of the Original Programme 
Deed, as amended and restated by execution of the relevant Programme Deed in respect of the 
Programme.
“Repurchase Agreement” means a repurchase agreement entered into between the Issuer and a 
repurchase counterparty in respect of the Notes, as specified in the Alternative Drawdown 
Document.
“Residual Amount” means, with respect to an application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class 
Collateral Proceeds in connection with a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, as applicable, 
all remaining proceeds (if any) after the application of the Available Proceeds or Affected Class 
Collateral Proceeds, as applicable, to satisfy the payments set out in Master Condition 15(a)(i) to 
(viii) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) or in 
Master Condition 15(b)(i) to (viii) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as 
applicable.
“Resolved” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”.
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”.
“Sanctions” means any sanctions (which may be economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes 
or similar restrictive measures) imposed, enacted, administered or enforced by:
(i)
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. State 
Department, any other agency of the U.S. Government, the United Nations, the European 
Union, His Majesty’s Treasury, the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs of Switzerland or 
the Swiss Directorate of International Law, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority or the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore; or
(ii)
any other authority in any jurisdiction in respect of which any of the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Arranger, any Agent, the Dealer and/or the Swap Counterparty is required to comply with 
such sanctions in order to fulfil obligations or carry out duties in respect of a Series.
“Sanctions Event” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of obligations 
following a Sanctions Event).
“Sanctions Event End Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of 
obligations following a Sanctions Event). 
“Sanctions Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 10(h) (Suspension of 
obligations following a Sanctions Event).
“Sanctions Redemption” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption 
following a Sanctions Event).
“Sanctions Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption 
following a Sanctions Event).
“Schedule” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Master Agreement” in this Master 
Condition 1(a).

--- Page 140 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
140
“Screen Rate” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(ix) (Screen Rate Determination).
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment 
Obligations.
“Secured Payment Obligations” means the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Deed, the Swap Agreement and each Note, Coupon, Receipt and Talon, together with any 
obligation of the Issuer to make payment to the Disposal Agent or any other Agent pursuant to 
Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of 
Security), as the case may be.
“Securities Lending Agreement” means a securities lending agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and a securities lending counterparty in respect of the Notes, as specified in the Alternative 
Drawdown Document.
“Securitisation Act 2004” means the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended.
“Security” means the security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security Documents (as 
the case may be).
“Security Document” means the Trust Deed or any other security document in respect of the Notes 
which creates or purports to create security in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors.
“Senior Obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor” means all obligations issued or incurred, 
directly or indirectly, by the Original Collateral Obligor for a Series, other than obligations under the 
Original Collateral (except for such amounts which shall have become due and payable). 
“Series Memorandum” means the series memorandum prepared in in connection with Notes (i) 
issued by the Luxembourg Issuer that are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading 
on GEM or (ii) issued by either the Cayman Issuer or the Luxembourg Issuer which are not intended 
to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange, in each 
case, incorporating the form of issue terms set out in Appendix 2 (Form of Issue Terms of an 
Alternative Drawdown Document).
“Series Prospectus” means a prospectus relating to the Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer 
that are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of the Base Prospectus, in 
the form set out in Appendix 2 (Form of Issue Terms of an Alternative Drawdown Document).
“Settlement Option Cut-off Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(r) (Definition 
of Early Redemption Amount).
“Sole Noteholder” means the 100 per cent. holder of all outstanding Notes from time to time.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
“Specified Currency Proceeds” means the Actual Currency Proceeds, provided that where all or 
part of such Actual Currency Proceeds are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount 
(or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a 
rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency.

--- Page 141 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
141
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
“Specified Interest Payment Date(s)” means, in respect of a Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note), 
each date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Specified Office” means, in relation to an Agent, the office identified with its name in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Principal Trust Deed.
“Standard & Poor’s” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.
“Substituted Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution 
of Original Collateral).
“Substitution Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral).
“Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral).
“Suspension Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(s)(i) 
(Suspension of payments).
“Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(s)(i) (Suspension of 
payments).
“Suspension Period End Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(s)(i) (Suspension 
of payments).
“Swap Agreement” means, in respect of Notes for which a Master Agreement is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Deed, an agreement comprising the Master Agreement with respect 
to the relevant Swap Counterparty together with all Swap Transactions entered into between the 
Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes.
“Swap Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments).
“Swap Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) (Swap 
Amendments).
“Swap Counterparty” means the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
successor thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Base Prospectus to “the Swap 
Counterparty” shall refer to the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect of the corresponding Series 
of Notes, unless the context otherwise requires.
“Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount” means the amount (if any) in the Base Currency of 
the Interest Amount (in each case, as defined in the Credit Support Annex) that the Swap 
Counterparty is obliged to transfer to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex as a result of 
the Notes falling due for redemption.
“Swap Counterparty Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement, that an 
Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred where the 
Issuer has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 142 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
142
“Swap Disruption Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(g) 
(Redemption following a Swap Disruption Event).
A “Swap Disruption Event” shall occur where the Swap Counterparty is or would be unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to either: 
(i)
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
and/or asset(s) that the Swap Counterparty deems necessary to hedge any risk (including, 
but not limited to, interest rate, currency and/or credit risk(s)) of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Swap Agreement; or 
(ii)
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) and/or assets. 
“Swap Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have 
been designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the 
Swap Agreement for that Series for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Commencement Date in respect of that Series other than pursuant to Master Condition 
8(f) (Redemption for termination of Swap Agreement).
“Swap Termination Notice” means a notice of termination given under the Swap Agreement by 
the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, in connection with which an Early 
Termination Date is designated or is deemed to have been designated in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions thereunder.
“Swap Transaction” means a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty in relation to the Notes or a Class thereof.
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto.
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Authority having 
power to tax.
“Termination Payment” means any Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
due under the Swap Agreement.
“Transaction Document” means, in respect of the Notes, each of the Security Document(s), the 
Issue Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Swap Agreement (if any), the 
Repurchase and Cancellation Agreement, the Programme Deed and any other agreement specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Transaction Party” means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer, and any 
other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the recitals to these Master Conditions.
A “Trigger Event” shall occur on any day if the Value of the Original Collateral plus the Trigger 
Swap Gain (if any) or minus the Trigger Swap Loss (if any) is equal to or less than the Trigger Level.
“Trigger Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Trigger Swap Gain” means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Trigger Swap Value would be 
payable to the Issuer, the absolute value of the Trigger Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.

--- Page 143 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
143
“Trigger Swap Loss” means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Trigger Swap Value would be 
payable to the Swap Counterparty, the absolute value of the Trigger Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, 
zero.
“Trigger Swap Value” means, in respect of any day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent and expressed in the Base Currency that is equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) of the Swap Agreement (but excluding any Unpaid Amounts relating to the 
Credit Support Balance of either the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support 
Annex) that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer, under the Swap Agreement, upon a termination of the Swap Agreement on such date. 
Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on the basis that:
(i)
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party;
(ii)
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Early Termination Amount payable by the Issuer shall 
be limited to the sum of the prevailing Value of the Original Collateral; and
(iii)
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof.
“Triggered Class of Notes” has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(q) (Redemption of 
all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only).
“Triggered Note” mean any Note forming part of a Triggered Class of Notes.
“Trust Deed” means the Principal Trust Deed together with the provisions of the Issue Deed relating 
to the relevant Series which are expressed therein as forming part of the Trust Deed.
“Trustee” means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as initial trustee, but which 
definition shall include all persons for the time being acting as the trustee or trustees under the Trust 
Deed.
“Trustee Application Date” means each date on which the Trustee determines to apply the 
Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds in accordance with the Conditions and 
the provisions of the Trust Deed.
“UK” means the United Kingdom.
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” means the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA.
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the EUWA.
“Unrounded Note Entitlement Component” has the meaning given to such term in Master 
Condition 8(u) (Physical Redemption Amounts).
“Value of the Original Collateral” means, in respect of any day, (i) prior to the scheduled maturity 
of the Original Collateral in accordance with its terms and conditions, the value of the Original 
Collateral determined by the Calculation Agent (together with the amount of any redemption 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect thereof) as at such day and (ii) on or following the date 
on which the Original Collateral is redeemed at its scheduled maturity in accordance with its terms, 
an amount equal to the redemption proceeds paid in respect thereof (the “Original Collateral 
Proceeds”), provided that where all or part of such value of the Original Collateral Proceeds are not 
denominated in the Base Currency, such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) 
shall be converted into the Base Currency at a rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be

--- Page 144 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
144
representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Base 
Currency and purchase of the Base Currency.
“Vendor” has the meaning given to it in the Programme Deed.
(b)
Interpretation
With respect to the Notes, references to the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document created by the execution of the Original Programme 
Deed and to each Corporate Services Agreement, as the case may be, are to those documents as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (whether by way of any supplements to, or amendment 
and restatements of, the Original Programme Deed, as the case may be, or otherwise) in relation 
to the Programme as they stand as of the Issue Date of the Notes (including any amendments or 
supplements made with respect only to that particular issue of Notes, whether in the Issue Deed or 
otherwise) and thereafter, together with references to the Swap Agreement, are to those documents 
as they may then be subsequently amended, supplemented or replaced in respect of the Notes as 
permitted by the Conditions and the Trust Deed with respect to the Notes. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where one or more further Tranches of Notes are issued in accordance with Master 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes, 
or a class thereof, the reference to Issue Date in this paragraph shall be to the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Notes.
(i)
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only:
(I)
in respect of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area, this document shall 
constitute a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation (a “Base 
Prospectus”). For the avoidance of doubt, such Notes shall be issued by way of Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus;
(II)
in respect of Notes which are to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market, this document shall constitute base listing 
particulars for the purposes of such application (“Base Listing Particulars”) and 
references to the “Base Prospectus” shall be deemed to refer to “Base Listing 
Particulars” unless the context requires otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
Notes shall be issued by way of a Series Memorandum;
(III)
Notes which are not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading 
on any regulated stock exchange, shall be issued by way of a Series Memorandum. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such Notes may be listed on a market which is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
(ii)
In respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer only, this document shall constitute a 
Programme Memorandum and references to the “Base Prospectus” shall be deemed to refer 
to “Programme Memorandum” unless the context requires otherwise.
Such Notes will issue by way of a Series Memorandum and may not be offered to the public, listed 
or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, such Notes 
may be listed on a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References 
to the “Final Terms” and “Series Prospectus” shall not apply in respect of issuances by the Cayman 
Issuer.

--- Page 145 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
145
2
Form, Specified Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each 
case in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination.
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons in the Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more Receipts attached.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate shall 
represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to Bearer Notes and Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure will be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). A certified copy of the Register 
shall be kept at the relevant Issuer’s registered office. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or 
its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify Classes in respect of a Series, the Notes of all such Classes 
shall comprise a single Series (without distinction between the Classes, save as expressly provided herein, 
in the Issue Terms and in the Trust Deed) and the Notes of each Class shall rank pari passu and without 
any preferences amongst the Classes. References herein to Notes or Series shall, where such a Series 
comprises Classes, also refer to Notes of each of the Classes as the context requires.
3
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No exchange of Notes
Registered Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfers of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified Office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed, and any such other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of 
the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes 
and entries on the Register will be subject to and effected in accordance with the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be

--- Page 146 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
146
changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of 
the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Delivery of new Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Master Condition 3(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of the surrender of the relevant Certificate 
together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required by the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form 
of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery 
or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as 
may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify. In this Master Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the Specified Office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(d)
Transfers free of charge
Transfers of Notes and Certificates pursuant to Master Condition 3(b) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation 
to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(e)
Closed periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered: (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of any Instalment Amount in 
respect of that Note; (ii) after the occurrence of any Early Redemption Commencement Date and/or 
any Liquidation Event in relation to such Note; or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date.
4
Constitution, Status, Collateral and Non-applicability
(a)
Constitution and status of Notes
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Notes are secured, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, which, (subject to (i) the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 if the Issuer is the 
Luxembourg Issuer or (ii) the provisions of the Cayman Companies Act if the Issuer is the Cayman 
Issuer) are secured in the manner described in Master Condition 5 (Security) and recourse in 
respect of which is limited in the manner described in Master Conditions 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds), 16 (Enforcement of Rights or Security) and 17(a) 
(General limited recourse).
(b)
Collateral
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may acquire rights, title and/or interests in and 
to the Collateral. The Original Collateral shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
addition, or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or interests in and to the Collateral, 
the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to the Series of Notes as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms relating to the Series of Notes.

--- Page 147 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
147
(c)
Non-applicability
Where no reference is made in the Issue Deed and the Issue Terms to any Original Collateral, 
references in the Conditions to any such Original Collateral, to any Secured Payment Obligation 
relating to such Original Collateral and to any related Original Collateral Obligor or Secured Creditor 
relating to such Collateral, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. Where no reference is made 
in the Issue Deed and the applicable Issue Terms to any Swap Agreement and/or Swap 
Counterparty (or any Credit Support Annex thereto), references in the Conditions thereto shall not 
be applicable.
5
Security
(a)
Security
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Deed, the Secured Payment Obligations are secured in 
favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors, pursuant to the Trust 
Deed, by:
(i)
if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, a pledge of all of the Pledged Collateral held with the 
Custodian in respect of a Series and the relevant Compartment and the grant of a first ranking 
security interest (“gage de premier rang”) over such Pledged Collateral under Luxembourg 
law (the “Luxembourg Pledge”);
(ii)
if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, 
assets and sums derived therefrom; and
(iii)
in each case (but, if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, subject to the Luxembourg Pledge), 
the following additional security under English law:
(I)
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching 
or relating to the Collateral and all property, sums or assets derived therefrom, 
including, without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or 
nominal value thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a 
clearing system or through a financial intermediary;
(II)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest against the 
Custodian, to the extent that they relate to the Collateral and/or the Notes;
(III)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
Agency Agreement, to the extent they relate to the Collateral and/or Notes;
(IV)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
Swap Agreement (without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual 
netting provision contained in the Swap Agreement);
(V)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the 
Agency Agreement, to the extent that they relate to any assets held by the Custodian 
in respect of the Notes;
(VI)
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest against the 
Disposal Agent under the terms of the Agency Agreement (or any other agreement 
entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal Agent) to the extent that such rights 
relate to the Collateral and/or the Notes;
(VII)
a first fixed charge over (A) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation and (B) any sums 
received by the Issuing and Paying Agent under the Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 148 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
148
(VIII) a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal 
Agent relating to the Transaction Documents and the Collateral.
Notwithstanding the above, investors should note that where any Collateral and/or any property, 
assets and sums derived therefrom are held by the Custodian in book-entry form, the security 
interests granted in respect of the same might, as a result of such book-entry holding, take the form 
only of a security interest over the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian in respect of such Collateral 
and/or property, sums and assets, as the case may be, rather than a charge over such Collateral 
and/or property, sums and assets derived therefrom themselves.
Additionally, the Secured Payment Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a Security 
Document other than the Trust Deed as specified in the relevant Issue Deed.
Certain of the assets being the subject of the Security shall be released from the Security 
automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities, to the extent required for the 
Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes and/or under the 
related Swap Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due and payable or 
deliverable, or in connection with the purchase of Notes or as otherwise provided for under the 
Conditions or the relevant Transaction Documents in respect of a Series.
(b)
Substitution of Original Collateral
If “Original Collateral Substitution” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
holder(s) of more than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall have the right at any time, by giving at least 10 Reference Business Days’ notice 
substantially in the form set out in the Principal Trust Deed, validly completed and executed by the 
holder(s) (such notice a “Substitution Notice”) to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, 
the Disposal Agent and the Swap Counterparty, and sufficient proof of ownership of the Notes as 
the Issuer and the Trustee shall require, to request a substitution of any Original Collateral (such 
Original Collateral, the “Substituted Original Collateral”) with a nominal amount of new collateral 
obligations (rounded down to the nearest whole denomination) that fulfil the criteria set out in the 
Issue Terms (the “New Collateral Criteria”, and such new collateral obligations, the “Replacement 
Collateral Obligations”) on a date specified in such Substitution Notice (the “Substitution Date”, 
provided that such date shall not be less than 10 Reference Business Days following the date of the 
Substitution Notice). Upon receipt of the net proceeds of Liquidation from a Liquidation effected 
pursuant to this Master Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall use all such proceeds to purchase as many 
Replacement Collateral Obligations as it can with such net proceeds of Liquidation, which may be 
more or less than the number of Replacement Collateral Obligations identified in the relevant 
Substitution Notice. Any net proceeds of Liquidation remaining after such purchase will be deposited 
by the Issuer with the Custodian.
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, upon the effective delivery of a valid Substitution Notice to the Disposal 
Agent identifying Replacement Collateral Obligations which satisfy the New Collateral Criteria (as 
verified by the Calculation Agent and certified by it to the Disposal Agent), the Security described in 
Master Condition 5(a) (Security) will be automatically released without any further action on the part 
of the Trustee but only to the extent necessary to allow the Disposal Agent to Liquidate the 
Substituted Original Collateral and the Disposal Agent shall be obliged to effect such Liquidation as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, provided that nothing in this Master Condition 5(b) will 
operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of such Liquidation.
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect any such 
Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, even where a larger amount could possibly be received in respect of such

--- Page 149 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
149
Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject to such requirement, the Disposal 
Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions on a single 
or multiple day(s).
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, holders of Receipts or any other person merely because a larger 
amount could have been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent 
selected a different method of Liquidating any such Collateral.
Master Conditions 13(c) (Proceeds of Liquidation) to 13(m) (Transfer of Collateral to Custodian) 
(inclusive) shall apply to a Liquidation being effected pursuant to this Master Condition 5(b).
Any Replacement Collateral Obligations substituted in accordance with this paragraph shall 
thereafter constitute Original Collateral for the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents, and any Substituted Original Collateral substituted in accordance with this paragraph 
shall thereafter cease to be Original Collateral for the purposes of the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents.
With effect from the date of the delivery of the Replacement Collateral Obligations in accordance 
with this paragraph (unless the Notes are issued by way of an Alternative Drawdown Document and 
such Alternative Drawdown Document specifies otherwise), the payment obligations of the parties 
under the Swap Agreement will be adjusted (subject to and in accordance with Condition 21(b) 
(Swap Amendments)) so that the payment obligations of the Issuer reflect the substitution of the 
Substituted Original Collateral with the Replacement Collateral Obligations and any Credit Support 
Annex shall be adjusted (subject to and in accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments)) 
such that references to the assets constituting the Substituted Original Collateral shall be replaced 
by reference to the assets constituting the Replacement Collateral Obligations.
(c)
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral
Prior to the Trustee effectively giving a valid Enforcement Notice to the Issuer (copied to the 
Custodian and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time), the Issuer may, on the instruction of the 
Calculation Agent (and without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution) exercise its voting rights in respect of the Mortgaged Property in relation 
to:
(i)
interbank offered rate remediation (for example, in respect of LIBOR or EURIBOR) of any 
such property;
(ii)
a tender offer in respect of any such property; or
(iii)
any such other corporate action for which the Calculation Agent has received written 
confirmation from the 100% holder of the Notes.
Other than the limited circumstances set out above, prior to the Trustee effectively giving a valid 
Enforcement Notice to the Issuer (copied to the Custodian and any Disposal Agent appointed at 
that time), the Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee or with the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution:
(i)
take such action in relation to the Mortgaged Property as it may think expedient; and
(ii)
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Mortgaged Property and, in particular 
(but without limitation and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect 
of such property and all rights to enforce any ownership interests in respect of such property,

--- Page 150 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
150
provided that, in the case of any Mortgaged Property subject to the Luxembourg Pledge (in respect 
of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer), the Luxembourg Issuer shall not cast any vote, provide 
any consent, waiver or ratification, or take any action, which would:
(I)
be inconsistent with or violate any provision of the Conditions or of any other Transaction 
Document;
(II)
have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant financial instrument held in the Accounts 
or the legal status, ranking, nature or other features of the Collateral; or
(III)
otherwise prejudice the interests of any Secured Creditor under any Transaction Document.
The Issuer will not exercise any rights with respect to Mortgaged Property unless it has the 
instruction of the Calculation Agent, consent of the Trustee or sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution referred to above and, if such instruction, consent or sanction is given, the Issuer will act 
only in accordance with such instruction, consent or sanction. For the avoidance of doubt, no such 
instruction, consent or sanction is required in connection with any assets that are released from the 
Security automatically.
For the purpose of this Master Condition 5(c), if the Issuer is seeking the prior written consent of the 
Trustee it shall provide a certificate to the Trustee signed by any director of the Issuer to the effect 
that, in its opinion, exercising such right does not contravene the requirements of the proviso to this 
Master Condition 5(c) and the Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any loss occasioned by 
acting and/or relying on such a certificate.
(d)
Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event
Notwithstanding the above, following the effective delivery of a valid Liquidation Commencement 
Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the Disposal Agent 
on behalf of the Issuer shall have the right to undertake any action as contemplated by the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement as it considers appropriate, and any actions in furtherance 
thereof or ancillary thereto as they relate to the relevant Mortgaged Property, without requiring any 
sanction referred to therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, upon the effective delivery of 
a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent the Security described in Master 
Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be released without further action on the part of the 
Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property, provided that nothing in this Master Condition 5(d) will operate to release the 
charges and other security interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Mortgaged Property 
or over any Mortgaged Property not subject to such Liquidation.
(e)
Credit Support Annex
If “Credit Support Annex” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then the Issuer 
will enter into a Credit Support Annex under the Swap Agreement pursuant to which the Issuer shall, 
if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer some or all of the 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty. The Swap Counterparty may also, if required in accordance 
with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer to the Issuer from time to time CSA Posted 
Collateral. Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex will be deemed 
to be released by the Trustee from the Security described in Master Condition 5(a) (Security) 
immediately prior to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 151 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
151
(f)
Repurchase Agreement and Securities Lending Agreement
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Repurchase Agreement or a Securities 
Lending Agreement, the details of which will be set out in the applicable Alternative Drawdown 
Document.
6
Restrictions
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Company shall not, without the prior consent in writing of 
the Trustee and each relevant Swap Counterparty, but subject to the provisions of Master Condition 13 
(Liquidation) and (i) if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 
or (ii) if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the 
constitutional documents of the Cayman Issuer:
(a)
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of related 
agreements and transactions and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in 
connection therewith, and provided that:
(i)
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than the Issuer’s share capital 
and any assets securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations); and
(ii)
such Obligations and any related agreements contain provisions that limit the recourse of 
any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to any related agreement 
to assets other than those to which any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations) 
have recourse;
(b)
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or interest therein 
or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof;
(c)
subject to Clause 7.1.31 (Trustee consent) of the Principal Trust Deed, cause or permit the Swap 
Agreement or the priority of the Security created by the Trust Deed or any other Security Document 
to be amended, terminated or discharged;
(d)
release any party to the Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Issue Deed or any other Security 
Document from any existing obligations thereunder;
(e)
have any subsidiaries;
(f)
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of 
the Swap Agreement, the Conditions (for the avoidance of doubt, subject but not limited to, Master 
Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) (Occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event) and 21(b) (Swap Amendments) and clauses 13.2 (Swap Amendments), 13.4 
(Amendments following occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 13.5 (Amendments following 
occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) of the Trust Deed), the Trust Deed, the Issue 
Deed, any other Security Document or any other Transaction Document;
(g)
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person;
(h)
have any employees;
(i)
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof) or make any distribution 
to its shareholders;
(j)
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (i) such account 
relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations have the benefit of security 
over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (ii) such account is opened in connection with the

--- Page 152 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
152
administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are 
credited to it;
(k)
declare any dividends;
(l)
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities);
(m)
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person;
(n)
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders;
(o)
except as required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance or lend any 
of its moneys or assets, including but not limited to the Mortgaged Property, to any other entity or 
person; or
(p)
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents,
except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document.
7
Interest
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Master Condition 7(g) (Interest 
payable).
(ii)
Method of Floating Rate Determination
If the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, one of:
(I)
ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions;
(II)
ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions; or
(III)
Screen Rate Determination
will be specified as the Method of Floating Rate Determination in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance 
with Master Condition 7(b)(iii) where ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions applies, 
Master Condition 7(b)(vi) where ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions applies and 
Master Condition 7(b)(ix) where Screen Rate Determination applies.

--- Page 153 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
153
(iii)
ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions
Where “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the applicable Method of 
Floating Rate Determination, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, as adjusted 
by the Margin (if any) in accordance with Master Condition 7(f) (Margin), provided that if, for 
an Interest Accrual Period, the ISDA Rate as so adjusted by the Margin (if any) is determined 
to be less than 0.00 per cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be 0.00 per cent. per annum.
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided that 
if such rate is an Overnight Floating Rate, the provisions set out in paragraph (iv) 
(Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates) below shall apply);
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided 
that Designated Maturity shall not be applicable if the Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option);
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the 2006 ISDA Definitions read with the above provisions, the provisions 
set out in Master Condition 9(d)(i) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) shall 
apply.
All capitalised terms that are not defined in this Master Condition 7(b)(iii) and all terms used 
for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, unless otherwise specified in the Master Conditions or in 
the applicable Issue Terms.
(iv)
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates
If (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Overnight Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as 
applicable, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Overnight Compounding/Averaging Method 
(which shall be one of Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).
(A)
Overnight Rate Compounding Method
If Overnight Rate Compounding Method is specified as the applicable Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in the 
Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Compounding Method:
(i)
OIS Compounding (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms);
(ii)
Compounding with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms);

--- Page 154 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
154
(iii)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or
(iv)
Compounding with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms).
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms for any Overnight Rate Compounding Option, the Daily 
Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the Issue Terms.
(B)
Overnight Rate Averaging Method
If Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as the applicable Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in the 
Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Averaging Method:
(i)
Overnight Averaging (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms);
(ii)
Averaging with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms);
(iii)
Averaging with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-in-Advance 
is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms); or
(iv)
Averaging with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms).
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms for any Overnight Rate Averaging Option, the Daily Capped 
Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the Issue Terms.
The relevant Day Count Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
(v)
References in the 2006 ISDA Definitions
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to:
(a)
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms;
(b)
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day;

--- Page 155 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
155
(c)
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period;
(d)
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count 
Fraction;
(e)
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date;
(f)
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date;
(g)
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date; and
(h)
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(vi)
ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the applicable Method of 
Floating Rate Determination, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, as adjusted 
by the Margin (if any) in accordance with Master Condition 7(f) (Margin), provided that if, for 
an Interest Accrual Period, the ISDA Rate as so adjusted by the Margin (if any) is determined 
to be less than 0.00 per cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be 0.00 per cent. per annum.
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(vi), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided that 
if such rate is an Overnight Floating Rate, the provisions set out in paragraph (vii) 
(Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates) below shall apply);
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided 
that Designated Maturity shall not be applicable if the Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option);
(c)
the relevant Reset Date will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
(d)
Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday will apply if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be applicable;
(e)
Non-Representative will apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
applicable; and
(f)
Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date will be as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms,
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions read with the above provisions, the provisions 
set out in Master Condition 9(d)(ii) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) shall 
apply.
All capitalised terms that are not defined in this Master Condition 7(b)(vi) and all terms used 
for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate have the meanings given to those

--- Page 156 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
156
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, unless otherwise specified in the Master Conditions or in 
the applicable Issue Terms.
(vii)
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates
If (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Overnight Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as 
applicable, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Overnight Compounding/Averaging Method 
(which shall be one of Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).
(A)
Overnight Rate Compounding Method
If Overnight Rate Compounding Method is specified as the applicable Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in the 
Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Compounding Method:
(i)
OIS Compounding (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms);
(ii)
Compounding with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms);
(iii)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (x) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or
(iv)
Compounding with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms).
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms for any Overnight Rate Compounding Option, the Daily 
Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the Issue Terms.
The relevant Day Count Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Unless an Overnight Rate Compounding Method in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above is 
applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix, 
any other method of compounding an overnight rate that is set out in the column 
entitled “Category/Style” in the Floating Rate Matrix is applicable.
(B)
Overnight Rate Averaging Method
If Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as the applicable Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in the 
Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Averaging Method:
(i)
Overnight Averaging (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms);
(ii)
Averaging with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms);

--- Page 157 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
157
(iii)
Averaging with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-in-Advance 
is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms); or
(iv)
Averaging with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms).
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms for any Overnight Rate Averaging Option, the Daily Capped 
Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the Issue Terms.
The relevant Day Count Basis is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Unless an Overnight Rate Averaging Method in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above is 
applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix, 
any other method of averaging an overnight rate that is set out in the column entitled 
“Category/Style” in the Floating Rate Matrix is applicable.
(viii)
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to:
(i)
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms;
(ii)
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day;
(iii)
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period;
(iv)
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count 
Fraction;
(v)
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date;
(vi)
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date;
(vii)
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date; and
(viii)
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a 
rate equal to the relevant Screen Rate, as adjusted by the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Master Condition 7(f) (Margin) below. For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(ix), 
“Screen Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to one of the following rates:

--- Page 158 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
158
(a)
Compounded Daily SONIA;
(b)
Compounded Daily SOFR;
(c)
Compounded Daily €STR; 
(d)
Compounded Daily SARON; or 
(e)
Compounded Daily TONA,
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and provided that if a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Screen Rate, the provisions of Master 
Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) shall apply. If no Reference Rate 
Event has occurred but the Calculation Agent determines that such Screen Rate for an 
Interest Period cannot be determined in accordance with the provisions of this Master 
Condition 7(b)(ix), the Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to comparable benchmarks then available.
The Rate of Interest will be subject to a minimum of 0.00 per cent. (unless otherwise specified 
in the Issue Terms) or greater (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and may also be 
subject to a maximum (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms).
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(ix), the following definitions shall apply.
(I)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA (Version 1) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Date (as further specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in accordance 
with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period;
“do” means (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) for any SONIA Observation Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London

--- Page 159 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
159
Banking Day (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the SONIA Observation Period;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any calendar day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day;
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;
“Relevant Screen Page” is the page specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“SONIA Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date;
“SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate (“SONIA”) for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to such day; or
(b)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SONIAi, where 
SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London 
Banking Day.
(II)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA (Version 2) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date (as further specified in the

--- Page 160 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
160
applicable Issue Terms) in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest third decimal place, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards:
	
1 +  x 
365



−1x 365
 
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
“do” means for any Interest Period, the number of London Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period, except, if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not a 
London Business Day, then it is the number of London Business Days in the Interest 
Period plus 1;
“i” means (a) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is a London Business Day, 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant London 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period, or (b) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period 
is not a London Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, where i = 1 
represents the first calendar day of the Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to do
represents the relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Business Day in the Interest Period;
“London Business Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including settling payments 
and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
“ni”, for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, the day 
“i” up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the next London Business Day; and (ii) the 
Interest Period End Date for the Interest Period or, in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the last occurring Interest Period End Date;
“SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate administered by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator) ("SONIA"); and
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any day "i":
(a)
subject to (b) below, in respect of the SONIA Reference Rate:
(i)
if such day “i” is a London Business Day, the level of the SONIA 
Reference Rate for such day “i” published as of 9.00 a.m. London time 
on a day that is one London Business Day following the day “i”; or
(ii)
if such day “i” is not a London Business Day, the level of the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the immediately preceding London Business Day 
published as of 9.00 a.m. London time on the day that is one London 
Business Day following the day “i”;
(b)
if a “Daily Capped Rate” or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 161 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
161
(i)
the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a)
above and the Daily Floored Rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (if any); and/or
(ii)
the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
and the Daily Capped Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if 
any).
(III)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA (Version 1) and Index 
Determination applies:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
based on the SONIA Compounded Index, calculated by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1






where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“Sonia Compounded Index” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate 
that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from 
time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Determination Dates;
“Sonia Compounded Indexx” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and
“Sonia Compounded Indexy” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date.
(IV)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA (Version 2) and Index 
Determination applies: 
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
based on the SONIA Compounded Index, calculated by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
!
"#$%& '()*(+,- %,-./01
"#$%& '()*(+,- %,-.23453 −167
89:
 :
where:
“London Business Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including settling payments 
and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 162 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
162
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the start of the Interest Period or, in respect 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date (the “Start IPED”) 
is a London Business Day, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index level in 
respect of such Start IPED; and
(b)
if the Start IPED is not a London Business Day, the SONIA Compounded Index 
level in respect of the first London Business Day after the Start IPED divided 
by:

1 + ;<;" 7 
365

where:
“RFRS” is the SONIA Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(II) 
above), in respect of the London Business Day prior to the Start IPED; and
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the Start IPED to, but 
excluding, the first London Business Day after the Start IPED;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the end of the Interest Period or, in respect of 
the final Interest Period, the final Interest Period End Date (the “End IPED”) is 
a London Business Day, the SONIA Compounded Index level in respect of such 
End IPED; and
(b)
if the End IPED is not a London Business Day, the SONIA Compounded Index 
level in respect of the London Business Day prior to the End IPED multiplied 
by:

1 + ;<;= 7 
365

where:
“RFRE” is the SONIA Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(II) 
above), in respect of the London Business Day prior to the End IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the London Business Day prior 
to the End IPED to, but excluding, the End IPED; and
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.
(V)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR (Version 1) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Determination Date (as further specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 163 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
163
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1





















where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period;
“do” means (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) for any SOFR Observation Period, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the SOFR Observation Period;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“SOFR Reference Rate”, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“USBDx”), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate 
(“SOFR”) for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) (the “SOFR 
Administrator”) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such rate (the “New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website”) (in each case, on or about 8.00 a.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx) or, if the 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website is unavailable, as otherwise published by or on 
behalf of the SOFR Administrator;
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or

--- Page 164 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
164
(b)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi
is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” falling in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day;
“SOFR Observation Period” means in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Interest Period End 
Date; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day, except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
(VI)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR (Version 2) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Determination Date (as further specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
	
1 + <; x 
360
 −1


 x 360
 
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
“do” means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
Interest Period is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then it is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the Interest Period plus 1;
“i” means (a) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, or (b) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, where 
i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to do 
represents the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
Interest Period;
“ni” for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including, the day “i” 
up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the next U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and (ii) the Interest Period End Date for the Interest Period or, in respect of the 
final Interest Period, the last occurring Interest Period End Date;

--- Page 165 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
165
“SOFR Reference Rate”, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate administered by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator) (“SOFR”);
“SOFRi” means, in respect of any day "i":
(a)
subject to (b) below, in respect of the SOFR Reference Rate:
(i)
if such day “i” is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the level 
of the SOFR Reference Rate for such day “i” published as of 8.00 a.m. 
New York City time on a day that is one U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day following the day “i”; or
(ii)
if such day “i” is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
level of the SOFR Reference Rate for the immediately preceding London 
Business Day published as of 8.00 a.m. New York City time on the day 
that is one U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the day 
“i”; and
(b)
if a “Daily Capped Rate” or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms:
(i)
the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a)
above and the Daily Floored Rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (if any); and/or
(ii)
the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
and the Daily Capped Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if 
any); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
(VII)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR (Version 1) and Index 
Determination applies:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate based 
on the SOFR Index, calculated by reference to the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined (the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period);

--- Page 166 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
166
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR Index as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on 
the New York Federal Reserve’s Website at the 3.00 p.m. New York City time;
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period End Date 
relating to such Interest Period; 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day, except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
(VIII) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR (Version 2) and Index 
Determination applies:
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate based 
on the SOFR Index, calculated by reference to the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 

 <;  ?7=,
<;  ?7"@AB@
−1 x
360
 
where:
“SOFR IndexStart” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the start of the Interest Period or, in respect 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date (the “Start IPED”) 
is an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the relevant SOFR 
Compounded Index level in respect of such Start IPED; and
(b)
if the Start IPED is not an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Compounded Index level in respect of the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day after the Start IPED divided by:

1 + ;<;" 7 
360

where:
“RFRS” is the SOFR Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(VI)
above), in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Start
IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the Start IPED to, but 
excluding, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day after the Start IPED;
and

--- Page 167 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
167
“SOFR IndexEnd” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the end of the Interest Period or, in respect of 
the final Interest Period, the final Interest Period End Date (the “End IPED”) is 
an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR Compounded Index 
level in respect of such End IPED; and
(b)
if the End IPED is not an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Compounded Index level in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the End IPED multiplied by:

1 + ;<;= 7 
365

where:
“RFRE” is the SOFR Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(VI)
above), in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the End
IPED; 
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the End IPED to, but excluding, the End IPED;
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day, except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.
(IX)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily €STR (Version 1) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:
d
360
360
n
€STR
Relevant
o
d
i
i
i




















1
1
1
where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period;
“dO” is the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (where “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the relevant €STR Observation Period;

--- Page 168 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
168
“€STR Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the day falling “p” 
TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the day falling “p” TARGET2 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date;
“€STR Reference Rate”, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short term (“€STR”) rate for such TARGET2 Business Day 
as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any successor website or the 
website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the “ECB’s 
Website”) (in each case, on or about 9.00 a.m., Central European Time, on the 
TARGET2 Business Day immediately following such TARGET2 Business Day) or if 
the ECB’s Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the 
relevant administrator;
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day “i”, the €STR reference 
rate for the TARGET2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET2 Business Day “i”;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Business Day in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant €STR Observation 
Period;
“ni”, for any TARGET2 Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET2 Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET2 Business Day;
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of TARGET2 Business Days
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of TARGET2 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;
“Relevant €STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day “i”:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or
(b)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for 
such day; and
“TARGET2 Business Day” or “TBD” means any TARGET Settlement Day.
(X)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily €STR (Version 2) and Index 
Determination is not applicable: 
Version 2
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short term rate as

--- Page 169 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
169
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:
	C1 + €D; x 
360
E
F

−1 x 360
 
where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
“do” means for any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the 
relevant Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not a 
TARGET Settlement Day, then it is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the 
Interest Period plus 1;
“€STR Reference Rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the euro short-term rate (“€STR”) administered by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator);
“i” means (a) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is a TARGET Settlement 
Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period, or (b) if the first calendar day in the 
Interest Period is not a TARGET Settlement Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to 
do, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the Interest Period, and each of i = 
2 to do represents the relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in the Interest Period;
“ni”, for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, the day
“i” up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the next TARGET Settlement Day and (ii) the 
Interest Period End Date for the Interest Period or, in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the last occurring Interest Period End Date;
“€STRi” means, in respect of any day “i”:
(a)
subject to (b) below, in respect of the €STR Reference Rate:
(i)
if such day “i” is a TARGET Settlement Day, the level of the €STR 
Reference Rate for such day “i” published as of 9.00 a.m. Frankfurt time 
on a day that is one TARGET Settlement Day following the day “i”; or
(ii)
if such day “i” is not a TARGET Settlement Day, the level of the €STR 
Reference Rate for the immediately preceding TARGET Settlement Day 
published as of 9.00 a.m. Frankfurt time on the day that is one TARGET 
Settlement Day following the day “i”; and
(b)
if a “Daily Capped Rate” or a “Daily Floored RateError! Bookmark not 
defined.” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:
(i)
the greater of the rate determined in (a) above and the Daily Floored 
Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if any); and/or

--- Page 170 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
170
(ii)
the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
and the Daily Capped Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if
any); and
“TARGET Settlement Day” or “TBD” means a day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) (or any 
successor transfer system) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.
(XI)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily €STR (Version 2) and Index 
Determination applies:
Version 2
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

 €D;  ?7=,
€D;  ?7"@AB@
−17 
360
 
where:
“€STR IndexStart” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the start of the Interest Period or, in respect 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date (the “Start IPED”) 
is an TARGET Settlement Day, the relevant €STR Compounded Index level in 
respect of such Start IPED; and
(b)
if the Start IPED is not a TARGET Settlement Day, the €STR Compounded 
Index level in respect of the first TARGET Settlement Day after the Start IPED 
divided by:

1 + ;<;" 7 
360

where:
“RFRS” is the €STR Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(X)
above), in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day prior to the Start IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the Start IPED to, but 
excluding, the first TARGET Settlement Day after the Start IPED; and
“€STR IndexEnd” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the end of the Interest Period or, in respect of 
the final Interest Period, the final Interest Period End Date (the “End IPED”) is 
a TARGET Settlement Day, the €STR Index level in respect of such End IPED; 
and
(b)
if the End IPED is not a TARGET Settlement Day, the €STR Index level in 
respect of the TARGET Settlement Day prior to the End IPED multiplied by:

1 + ;<;= 7 
360


--- Page 171 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
171
where:
“RFRE” is the €STR Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 7(b)(ix)(X)
above), in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day prior to the End IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the TARGET Settlement Day 
prior to the End IPED to, but excluding, the End IPED;
“TARGET Settlement Day” or “TBD” means a day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) (or any 
successor transfer system) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro; and
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.
(XII)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SARON (Version 1) and Index 
Determination is not applicable:
Version 1
“Compounded Daily SARON” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate 
of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date by 
reference to the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“db” is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;
“dc” is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period;
“ni”, for any Zurich Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the first following Zurich 
Banking Day;
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of Zurich Banking Days
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of Zurich 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;
“Relevant Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on the 
trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking 
Day, which is expected to be on or around 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time);
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day;
	(1 + ;H 7 H
360
 I
H=1
) −1 7 360
 K

--- Page 172 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
172
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Index AG (including any successor thereto) or 
any successor administrator of SARON;
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON Administrator;
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day;
“SARON Observation Period” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the day falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; and
“Zurich Banking Day” means other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Zurich.
(XIII) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SARON (Version 2) and Index 
Determination is not applicable: 
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SARON” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:
	
1 + ; x 
360



−1 x 360
 
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
“do” means for any Interest Period, the number of Zurich Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not a Zurich 
Business Day, then it is the number of Zurich Business Days in the Interest Period 
plus 1;
“i” means (a) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is a Zurich Business Day, 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period, or (b) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is 
not a Zurich Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, where i = 1 
represents the first calendar day of the Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to do
represents the relevant Zurich Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Business Day in the Interest Period;
“ni”, for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, the day 
“i” up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the next Zurich Business Day; and (ii) the 
Interest Period End Date for the Interest Period or, in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the last occurring Interest Period End Date;

--- Page 173 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
173
“SARON Reference Rate” in respect of any Zurich Business Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight administered by SIX Index AG (or any 
successor administrator) (“SARON”);
“SARONi” means, in respect of any day "i":
(a)
subject to (b) in respect of the SARON Reference Rate:
(i)
if such day “i” is a Zurich Business Day, the level of the SARON 
Reference Rate for such day “i” published as of 6.00 p.m. Zurich time on 
the day “i”; or
(ii)
if such day “i” is not a Zurich Business Day, the level of the SARON 
Reference Rate for the immediately preceding Zurich Business Day 
published as of 6.00 p.m. Zurich time on the day “i”; and
(b)
if a “Daily Capped Rate” or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms:
(i)
the greater of the rate determined in (a) above and the Daily Floored 
Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if any); and/or
(ii)
the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
and the Daily Capped Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if 
any); and
“Zurich Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including settling payments and 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich.
(XIV) Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily SARON (Version 2) and Index 
Determination applies: 
Version 2
“Compounded Daily SARON” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

 SARON  ?7=,
SARON  ?7"@AB@
−1 x 
360
 
where:
“SARON IndexStart” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the start of the Interest Period or, in respect 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date (the “Start IPED”) 
is a Zurich Business Day, the relevant SARON Compounded Index level in 
respect of such Start IPED; and
(b)
if the Start IPED is not a Zurich Business Day, the SARON Compounded Index 
level in respect of the first Zurich Business Day after the Start IPED divided by:

--- Page 174 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
174

1 + ;<;" 7 
360

where:
“RFRS” is the SARON Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 
7(b)(ix)(XIII) above), in respect of the Zurich Business Day prior to the Start IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the Start IPED to, but 
excluding, the first Zurich Business Day after the Start IPED; and
“SARON IndexEnd” is, for any Interest Period:
(a)
if the Interest Period End Date at the end of the Interest Period or, in respect of 
the final Interest Period, the final Interest Period End Date (the “End IPED”) is 
a Zurich Business Day, the SARON Index level in respect of such End IPED; 
and
(b)
if the End IPED is not a Zurich Business Day, the SARON Index level in respect 
of a Zurich Business Day prior to the End IPED multiplied by:

1 + ;<;= 7 
360

where:
“RFRE” is the SARON Reference Rate (as defined under Master Condition 
7(b)(ix)(XIII) above), in respect of the Zurich Business Day prior to the End IPED;
“n” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the Zurich Business Day prior 
to the End IPED to, but excluding, the End IPED;
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; and
“Zurich Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including settling payments and 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich.
(XV)
Where the Screen Rate is Compounded Daily TONA (Version 1) and Index 
Determination applies: 
Version 1
“Compounded Daily TONA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Tokyo Overnight 
Average as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date by reference to the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
	
1 + DQ*RST 7 
365



−1 7 365
 
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is

--- Page 175 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
175
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
TONA Observation Period;
“do” means (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for any Interest Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) for any TONA Observation Period, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in the relevant TONA Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking 
Day (where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the TONA Observation Period;
“ni”, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking 
Day;
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
“p” means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo;
“TONA Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p”
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date;
“TONA Reference Rate”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Tokyo Overnight Average rate (“TONA”) for such Tokyo Banking 
Day as published by the Bank of Japan, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator, in each case on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day; and
“TONAi-pTBD” means:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the TONA 
Reference Rate for the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior 
to such day; or
(b)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant TONA Observation Period, the 
TONA Reference Rate for such Tokyo Banking Day “i”.

--- Page 176 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
176
(c)
Change of Interest Basis Notes
If, in respect of a Note, “Change of Interest Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following provisions apply:
(i)
if “Fixed to Floating” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Basis in respect 
of such Note shall change from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or vice versa, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on the Interest Period(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Any such Note:
(I)
shall be treated as a Fixed Rate Note for the Interest Period(s) for which the Interest Basis is 
specified to be Fixed Rate (and, accordingly, Condition 7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) 
shall apply to any such Note in respect of such Interest Period(s)); and
(II)
shall be treated as a Floating Rate Note for the Interest Period(s) for which the Interest Basis 
is specified to be Floating Rate (and, accordingly, Condition 7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) shall apply to any such Note in respect of such Interest Period(s)).
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Zero 
Coupon (such Note, a “Zero Coupon Note”), is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount.
(e)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption save that if, upon due 
presentation, payment of the full amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date for 
redemption is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid amount of 
principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and regardless of the Interest Basis) from 
and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at (i) the overnight 
rate for deposits in the currency in which the payment is due to be made as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its commercially reasonable manner or (ii) such other rate as may be specified 
for such purposes in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest (the “Default Interest”) shall be 
compounded daily with respect to the overdue sum at the above rate.
(f)
Margin
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), then an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rate(s) of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Period(s), in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Master Condition 7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by adding (if 
a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject 
always to this Master Condition 7(f).
(g)
Interest payable
The interest payable in respect of any Note for a relevant period shall be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the product of the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, 
as determined in accordance with this Master Condition 7(g), and the Calculation Amount Factor of 
the relevant Note. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or 
a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 177 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
177
shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which 
interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
8
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Final Redemption
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, such Note shall become due and payable on 
the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note to which Master Condition 
8(b) (Redemption by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount.
(b)
Redemption by instalments
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note that provides in the applicable Issue Terms for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts, such Note (an “Instalment Note”) shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.
(c)
Redemption following a Collateral Event
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Collateral Basket Product Supplement is an 
Applicable Product Supplement, this Master Condition 8(c) shall not apply and the Additional 
Redemption Events set out in Additional Collateral Basket Conditions 3(b) (Early redemption 
following a Collateral Event) and 3(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event) on 
pages 300 to 304 shall apply instead.
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Collateral Event has occurred with respect to any Original Collateral and gives notice of such 
determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such 
determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty) (the date of such determination being the “Collateral Event Determination Date”), 
then:
(i)
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption Notification 
Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
(or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) will give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Collateral Event (the date of such notice 
to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”), including a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination, by forwarding with 
such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Collateral Event Determination Date or the information provided therein; and

--- Page 178 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
178
(ii)
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the relevant 
Collateral Event is continuing. The payment of such amount shall satisfy all the Issuer’s 
obligations under and in relation to such Note.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Collateral Event has occurred. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving 
or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Collateral Event, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.
(d)
Redemption for taxation reasons
(i)
Subject to paragraph (ii) below and provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of all 
Notes then outstanding (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may have occurred separately 
pursuant to one or more Master Conditions), the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after 
becoming aware of (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation Agent or otherwise) the 
occurrence of a Note Tax Event and/or an Original Collateral Tax Event (or, in any case, 
within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders and each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption 
Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will 
be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such 
Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”.
A “Note Tax Event” will occur if:
(I)
either the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that on the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes, the Issuer will be required by any applicable law to 
withhold, deduct or account for an amount for any present or future taxes, duties or 
charges of whatsoever nature other than a withholding or deduction in respect of an 
Information Reporting Regime or would suffer the same in respect of its income so 
that it would be unable to make in full the payment in respect of the Notes in respect 
of such due date;
(II)
on the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes, such a withholding, deduction 
or account is actually made in respect of any payment in respect of the Notes; or
(III)
the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in 
accordance with Master Condition 12(b) (Provision of information) such that any 
payment received or payable by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or 
withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an 
Information Reporting Regime,
other than where such event constitutes an Original Collateral Tax Event.
An “Original Collateral Tax Event” will occur if the Issuer, in its or the Calculation Agent’s 
determination:
(I)
is or will be unable to receive any payment due in respect of any Original Collateral in 
full on the due date therefor without a deduction for or on account of any withholding

--- Page 179 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
179
tax, back-up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatsoever nature imposed 
by any authority of any jurisdiction;
(II)
is or will be required to pay any tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature imposed by 
any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in respect of any 
Original Collateral; and/or
(III)
is or will be required to comply with any reporting requirement (other than in respect 
of FATCA or any other Information Reporting Regime that is not materially more 
onerous to comply with than FATCA) of any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of 
any payment received in respect of any Original Collateral,
provided that the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to avoid such deduction(s), payment(s) and/or reporting 
requirements described in paragraphs (I) to (III) of this definition by filing a valid declaration 
that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by executing any certificate, form or other 
document in order to make a claim under a double taxation treaty or other exemption 
available to it. If the action that the Issuer would be required to undertake so as to avoid any 
such deduction(s), payment(s) and/or reporting requirements would involve any material 
expense or is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, unduly onerous the Issuer shall not be 
required to take any such action. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a 
withholding imposed on payments in respect of any Original Collateral as a result of FATCA 
shall constitute an Original Collateral Tax Event. For the purposes of this definition, if on the 
date falling 60 days prior to the earliest date on which FATCA Withholding Tax could apply 
to payments under, or in respect of sales proceeds of, the relevant Original Collateral (such 
60th day prior being the “FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign 
financial institution” or “nonparticipating FFI” (as such terms are used under Section 1471 of 
the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the Issuer will be deemed on the 
FATCA Test Date to be unable to receive a payment due in respect of such Original Collateral 
in full on the due date therefor without deduction for or on account of any withholding tax and, 
therefore, an Original Collateral Tax Event will have occurred on the FATCA Test Date.
(ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold, deduct or account for any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature referred to in paragraph (i) 
above arises solely as a result of any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s connection with the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any 
Note or receiving or being entitled to any payment in respect thereof then, to the extent 
possible, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, from the 
amount(s) payable to such Noteholder or Couponholder, and provided that payments to other 
Noteholders or Couponholders would not be impaired, the Issuer shall not give an Early 
Redemption Notice pursuant to paragraph (i) above. Any such deduction shall not constitute 
an Event of Default under Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default), a Liquidation Event under Master Condition 13 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Master Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security).
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Note Tax Event or Original Collateral 
Tax Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured 
Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event 
or Original Collateral Tax Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice 
without further investigation.

--- Page 180 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
180
(e)
Redemption following a Trigger Event
If “Trigger Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Series, 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Trigger Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination to the Issuer (copied to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the date of such determination 
being the “Trigger Event Determination Date”), then:
(i)
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within the Early Redemption Notification 
Period commencing on (and including) the Trigger Event Determination Date, the Issuer (or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
with an Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will give an 
Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and attach to that a copy of the notice delivered 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Trigger Event Determination Date or include the 
information provided therein;
(ii)
the Trigger Event Determination Date shall be the “Early Redemption Commencement 
Date” (and the Early Redemption Commencement Date may therefore, for the avoidance of 
doubt, be prior to the date on which an Early Redemption Notice is given to the Noteholders); 
and
(iii)
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the Trigger Event 
is continuing on such date.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Trigger Event has occurred. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving 
or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.
(f)
Redemption for termination of Swap Agreement
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from 
the Calculation Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of a Swap Termination Event (or, in any case, 
within two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders 
and each Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption 
Date has previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall become due and payable on 
the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount 
payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date 
on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early 
Redemption Commencement Date”.
If, prior to the Maturity Date:
(i)
pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement the Issuer becomes aware that it is able to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under 
the Swap Agreement pursuant to the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Event and such 
right is then continuing;
(ii)
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 181 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
181
(iii)
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under 
any other Condition in respect of all Notes outstanding (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may have occurred separately pursuant to one or more Master Conditions),
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the Noteholders 
in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. Following 
delivery of such notice from the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
and provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and that no further Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to designate 
an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement.
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Master 
Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early 
Redemption Notice for purposes of the first paragraph of this Master Condition 8(f).
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Swap Termination Event or Swap 
Counterparty Event has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any 
Secured Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent 
of the occurrence of a Swap Termination Event or Swap Counterparty Event, the Trustee and/or 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without 
further investigation.
(g)
Redemption following a Swap Disruption Event
If “Swap Disruption Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant 
Series, provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Swap Disruption Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination (including a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the date of such notice 
being the “Swap Disruption Determination Date”), then: 
(i)
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption Notification 
Period commencing on (and including) the Swap Disruption Determination Date, the Issuer 
(or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) will give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Swap Disruption Event (the date of such 
notice to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”), including 
a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination, by forwarding 
with such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the Calculation Agent 
on the Swap Disruption Determination Date or the information provided therein; and 
(ii)
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the relevant Swap 
Disruption Event is continuing. The payment of such amount shall satisfy all the Issuer’s 
obligations under and in relation to such Note.

--- Page 182 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
182
(h)
Redemption for a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event
The Issuer shall, if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution that a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit 
Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be given by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon as is practicable 
upon being so directed (or, in any case, within two Reference Business Days thereof) and each 
Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable 
and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding in 
respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
previously occurred pursuant to any other Condition, may deliver a request in writing to the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of Noteholders to be convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution to resolve that a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred and 
to instruct the Issuer to deliver an Early Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes in respect of 
which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has previously 
occurred pursuant to any other Condition. Any such request must (i) describe the Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event alleged to have occurred, and (ii) contain information that reasonably 
confirms that the Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the Issuer 
shall convene a meeting of relevant Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event 
has occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility 
or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the 
Issuer effectively gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice and any related Extraordinary Resolution without 
further investigation.
(i)
Redemption following an Illegality Event
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from 
the Calculation Agent or otherwise) of the occurrence of an Illegality Event (or, in any case, within 
two Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and 
each Note in respect of which no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption 
Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable 
and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Illegality Event has occurred. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving 
or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer effectively gives

--- Page 183 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
183
notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the 
Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely on such notice without 
further investigation.
(j)
Redemption following an Original Collateral Disruption Event
If, in respect of a Series the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Series specify that “Original 
Collateral Disruption Event” is applicable and the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Swap Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of 
such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach to that a copy of the Original 
Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include the information provided therein and each 
Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its 
Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of 
Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be 
the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to 
have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall have any 
duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has 
occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation to give nor any 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured 
Creditor that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. If the Calculation Agent gives an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.
(k)
Redemption following a Reference Rate Event
If, in respect of a Series:
(i)
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before a Cut-off 
Date in accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event);
(ii)
it (A) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (B) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent perform the actions 
prescribed in Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made 
at such time);
(iii)
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a benchmark, 
index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake; or
(iv)
having identified a Replacement Reference Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments provided for in Master
Condition 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) would not achieve a commercially reasonable result 
for any of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Noteholders (each of paragraphs (i) to (iv) 
above, a “Reference Rate Redemption Event“),

--- Page 184 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
184
then the Calculation Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty). The Issuer shall then give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified 
and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date 
at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application 
of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) or Master Condition 
15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall 
be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to 
have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”.
(l)
Redemption following a Regulatory Event
If “Regulatory Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Series, 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Regulatory Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination to the Issuer (copied to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the date of such determination 
being the “Regulatory Event Determination Date”), then:
(i)
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption Notification 
Period commencing on (and including) the Regulatory Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
(or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
with an Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will give an 
Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and attach to that a copy of the notice delivered 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Regulatory Event Determination Date or include 
the information provided therein;
(ii)
the Regulatory Event Determination Date shall be the “Early Redemption Commencement 
Date”; and
(iii)
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount, irrespective of whether the Regulatory Event is continuing on such 
date.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Regulatory Event has occurred. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for 
giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.
(m)
Redemption following a Sanctions Event
If, in respect of a Series, (i) the Calculation Agent has given a Sanctions Event Notice and (ii) the 
corresponding Sanctions Event End Date has not occurred, the Calculation Agent may (but is not 
obliged to) in its sole and absolute discretion deliver a notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) (the “Sanctions Redemption Notice”) 
requesting that the Issuer early redeem the Notes in part or in full (the “Sanctions Redemption”). 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable following receipt of the Sanctions Redemption Notice, give 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and attach to that a copy of the Sanctions 
Redemption Notice or include the information provided therein and each Note of such Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or

--- Page 185 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
185
Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation) or Master Condition 15(b) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount 
payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given 
shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement Date”.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Transaction Parties have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy themselves as to whether the Sanctions Redemption or a Sanctions Event has occurred.
(n)
Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event
If “Additional Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of the 
relevant Series, provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption 
Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note, the Issuer shall, as soon 
as is practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise) of the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event (or, in any case, within two 
Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each 
Note to which such Additional Redemption Event relates shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount 
payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date 
on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early 
Redemption Commencement Date”.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Additional Redemption Event has 
occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or 
liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer 
effectively gives notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Additional 
Redemption Event, the Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to 
rely on such notice without further investigation.
(o)
Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, provided that no Early 
Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to this or any 
other Condition in respect of all Notes outstanding (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may have 
occurred separately pursuant to one or more Master Conditions), the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided that the Trustee shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give an Early Redemption Notice 
to the Issuer that all but not some only of the Notes in respect of which no Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has previously occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition shall become due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only 
amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon) on 
the Early Redemption Date:
(i)
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest or Instalment Amount 
in respect of any Notes forming part of the Series, other than any interest or Instalment 
Amount due and payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any such default occurs 
as a result of a Collateral Event, a Note Tax Event, an Original Collateral Tax Event, a Swap 
Termination Event, a Swap Counterparty Event, a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event, an 
Illegality Event, an Original Collateral Disruption Event (to the extent the Calculation Agent 
has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice) or a Reference Rate 
Redemption Event;

--- Page 186 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
186
(ii)
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under 
any Notes forming part of the Series or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy 
or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such default is capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of 
the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been effectively 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or
(iii)
the Company: (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution); (2) admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) save to the 
extent contemplated in the Trust Deed, makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition with or for the benefit of the Noteholders, or such a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; (4) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation (including, without limitation, in respect 
of the Luxembourg Company, any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary, forced or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire ou forcée), administrative dissolution 
without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled 
management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement 
with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally) of the Issuer or the Company (as appropriate), and, in the case of any 
such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition 
either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a 
resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official (including, without limitation, the appointment of an administrator (including, without 
limitation, in respect of the Luxembourg Company, any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), juge délégué or juge 
commissaire), provisional administrator (administration provisoire) or any application made 
or petition lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to the Issuer 
or the Company (as appropriate)) for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer 
under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed; (7) other than the Trustee 
(except in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust 
Deed) or the Custodian, has a secured party take possession of any assets on which the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes 
are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 
days thereafter; or (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (1) to (7).
For the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents, in relation to any Events of 
Default, the date on which the related Early Redemption Notice is deemed to be given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Commencement Date”.

--- Page 187 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
187
The Issuer has undertaken in the Principal Trust Deed that, within ten Business Days of the 
publication of the Issuer’s annual financial statements in each year and within 14 days of any request 
from the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director to the effect that, having 
made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as 
at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or event or 
circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate, become 
an Event of Default has occurred since the certification date of the last such certificate or (if none) 
the date of such Principal Trust Deed or, if such an event had occurred, giving details thereof.
(p)
Redemption following an Early Redemption Commencement Date in respect of certain 
Class(es) only
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes are applicable in respect of a Series:
(i)
if “Independent Class Early Redemption” is not specified as applicable in such Issue Terms, 
any Early Redemption Notice delivered in respect of one Class of Notes shall be deemed to 
also apply to the other outstanding Class(es) of Notes and, accordingly, the Early 
Redemption Commencement Date shall be applicable to all outstanding Classes of Notes 
notwithstanding that the Early Redemption Commencement Date did not occur in respect of 
all Classes of Notes (each Class of Notes, a “Redeeming Class of Notes”) and all Notes 
shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early 
Cash Redemption Amount; and
(ii)
if “Independent Class Early Redemption” is specified as applicable in such Issue Terms, any 
Early Redemption Notice delivered in respect of one or more Class(es) of Notes shall apply 
to such Class(es) of Notes only (each such Class of Notes, a “Redeeming Class of Notes”) 
and not to all outstanding Classes of Notes and each Redeeming Class of Notes shall be 
redeemed on its Early Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount.
(q)
Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) 
of Notes only
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes and “Independent Class Early Redemption” 
apply in respect of a Series (such that certain Class(es) of Notes can redeem early rather than an 
Early Redemption Commencement Date applying in respect of all outstanding Classes of Notes) 
and an Enforcement Notice is delivered in respect of any Redeeming Class of Notes:
(i)
the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) will, within five Business Days of 
the receipt of such Enforcement Notice, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders 
of all outstanding Classes of Notes of the relevant Series specifying that (i) an Enforcement 
Notice has been delivered in respect of another Class of Notes, and (ii) accordingly, all other 
outstanding Classes of such Series (each, a “Triggered Class of Notes”) shall redeem early 
and, as such, the Enforcement Notice delivered in respect of the Redeeming Class of Notes 
shall be deemed to apply to the Triggered Class of Notes;
(ii)
the date of the Enforcement Notice delivered in respect of the Redeeming Class of Notes 
shall, for the purposes of each Triggered Class of Notes, be the “Early Redemption 
Commencement Date”;
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Triggered Class of Notes shall be 
determined on a Business Day falling within the period of five Business Days commencing 
on the Early Redemption Commencement Date;

--- Page 188 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
188
(iv)
each Triggered Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date 
at its Early Cash Redemption Amount; and
(v)
notwithstanding paragraph (iv) above, the Trustee shall enforce all of the Security on the 
Early Redemption Date subject to and in accordance with Master Condition 14(c) 
(Enforcement of Security), and the Noteholders of the Triggered Notes shall be paid (along 
with, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders of the Redeeming Notes) in accordance 
with Master Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security).
(r)
Definition of Early Redemption Amount
The “Early Redemption Amount” means:
(i)
where “Cash Settlement” is specified as the Early Redemption Settlement Method or if no 
method is specified, the Early Cash Redemption Amount; and
(ii)
where “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified as the Early Redemption Settlement 
Method, each Noteholder may, by depositing not later than the third Business Day following 
the related Early Redemption Notice (or such other period as may be agreed by the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty) (the “Settlement Option Cut-off Date”), the relevant Exercised 
Notes at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, together with an Exercise 
Notice, elect whether to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Amount, provided that, (i) if no valid election is made as to Early Cash 
Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption Amount by a Noteholder by the Settlement 
Option Cut-off Date, (ii) if the Pre-Conditions to Delivery are not satisfied by such Noteholder 
on or prior to the Settlement Option Cut-off Date, (iii) the Collateral is not comprised of any 
Original Collateral on the Settlement Option Cut-off Date, and/or (iv) if the Noteholder 
Settlement Option has been exercised by a Sole Noteholder and it is not physically or legally 
permissible to deliver the Original Collateral to such Sole Noteholder, then each Noteholder 
will be deemed to (a) have elected for Cash Redemption to apply, and (b) to receive the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Noteholder Settlement 
Option has been exercised by a Sole Noteholder and such Sole Noteholder is deemed to 
have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, if such Sole Noteholder has 
paid to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of 
the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon) pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to Delivery in 
Master Condition 8(t)(ii) (Provisions relating to Physical Redemption Amounts), such amount 
shall not be deducted from the Early Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with paragraph 
(ii)(e) of the definition thereof.
(s)
Suspension of payments
(i)
If the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of 
any applicable grace period) amount to a Collateral Event and the Calculation Agent has 
given written notice to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders of such determination, no payment of principal or interest shall be made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes in the period following the date of such determination (the 
“Suspension Determination Date”) until the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which the Calculation Agent determines a Collateral Event has occurred 
(following which the provisions of Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a 
Collateral Event) shall apply); or

--- Page 189 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
189
(b)
the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving rise 
to the Suspension Determination Date have been remedied (if possible) or no longer 
exist (the “Suspension Period End Date”), 
such period being the “Suspension Period”.
(ii)
Upon the occurrence of a Suspension Period End Date, the Calculation Agent shall give 
written notice to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders 
and the balance of the principal or interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be due on the second Business Day after the Suspension Period End Date. 
Noteholders or Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a consequence 
of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to this Master 
Condition 8(s).
(t)
Provisions relating to Physical Redemption Amounts
If an obligation under the Notes in respect of a Series (but not a Class thereof) may be satisfied by 
the payment of a Physical Redemption Amount:
(i)
upon satisfaction of the Pre-Conditions to Delivery the Issuer will cause to be delivered on or 
as soon as practicable after the date on which such Early Redemption Amount is due, the 
Physical Redemption Amount for each Note specified in the related Delivery Instruction 
Certificate, in accordance with the instructions contained therein; and
(ii)
a Noteholder will not be entitled to any Physical Redemption Amount unless (a) it has 
surrendered the relevant Notes (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Certificate representing 
such Notes (in the case of Registered Notes) and delivered a Delivery Instruction Certificate 
at the Issuing and Paying Agent’s Specified Office, (b) it has paid all costs and expenses 
(including any stamp or other taxes) payable in connection with the delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Amount to such Noteholder, (c) it has represented and warranted that delivery 
of the same to such Noteholder is permitted by all relevant laws, rules and regulations and
the terms of the relevant Remaining Original Collateral, and (d) where such Noteholder is a 
Sole Noteholder, it has paid into the account of the Swap Counterparty designated in the 
Swap Agreement the absolute amount of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty in the Termination 
Currency (as defined in the Swap Agreement) in freely transferable funds for value within 
three Business Days of the Early Redemption Commencement Date (the “Pre-Conditions 
to Delivery”), provided that the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) may waive the 
Pre-Conditions to Delivery set out above in paragraphs (b), (c) and/or (d) of this Master 
Condition 8(t)(ii) and shall bear any cost resulting from such waiver. As receipt for such Note 
or Certificate, as the case may be, the Issuing and Paying Agent will issue the Noteholder 
with a stamped, dated copy of such Delivery Instruction Certificate. The records of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent will be conclusive evidence of any Noteholder’s entitlement to a Physical 
Redemption Amount provided that the Issuing and Paying Agent shall not be responsible or 
liable for verifying whether or not the Pre-Conditions to Delivery under paragraph (b), (c) 
and/or (d) of this Master Condition 8(t)(ii) have been satisfied.
References in the Conditions to satisfaction of obligations by payment of a Physical Redemption 
Amount shall, in all circumstances, be deemed to include satisfaction of those obligations by delivery 
of such Physical Redemption Amount.
(u)
Physical Redemption Amounts
“Physical Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date (where the Physical Redemption Amount is the Early Redemption Amount) or the

--- Page 190 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
190
Maturity Date (where the Physical Redemption Amount is the Final Redemption Amount), as the 
case may be, in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is payable:
(i)
such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in respect of which a Physical 
Redemption Amount is due, each an “Unrounded Note Entitlement Component”) of an 
aggregate nominal amount of each Component Collateral comprising the Remaining Original 
Collateral that is available for delivery after excluding the Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral (if any) relating to the Notes (the “Available Deliverable Collateral”), with each 
such Unrounded Note Entitlement Component being rounded down to the next tradable unit 
of such Component Collateral (or zero, as applicable) (each, being a “Note Entitlement” and 
the aggregate nominal amount of any rounding down, being the “Physical Rounding 
Component”), provided that where a Noteholder holds more than one Note in respect of 
which a Physical Redemption Amount is due;
(A)
the Calculation Agent shall aggregate the Unrounded Note Entitlement Components 
in respect of all Notes held by such Noteholder before applying any rounding and shall 
instead round down such aggregated result to the next tradable unit of such 
Component Collateral (each, an “Aggregated Note Entitlement”); and
(B)
a single Physical Rounding Component shall apply in respect of each Component 
Collateral and all of the Notes of such Noteholder;
(ii)
an amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in respect 
of which a Physical Redemption Amount is due) of the Excess Available Deliverable 
Collateral Proceeds;
(iii)
an aggregate amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes 
in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is due) of each Physical Top-Up Portion; 
and
(iv)
an amount of cash equal to such Note’s pro rata share (amongst all Notes outstanding on 
the relevant Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date) of:
(A)
the Specified Currency Proceeds; less
(B)
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); less
(C)
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); plus
(D)
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the 
Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon); less
(E)
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon), save that where the holder of the Note is the Sole Noteholder and has paid 
to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of 
the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, 
if applicable, with any interest payable thereon) pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to 
Delivery in Master Condition 8(t)(ii) (Provisions relating to Physical Redemption 
Amounts), such amount shall be deemed to be zero.
(v)
Purchases
The Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and un-
exchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of the 
relevant Issuer and subject to the consent of the Trustee surrendered to any Paying Agent or the

--- Page 191 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
191
Registrar for cancellation. The consent of the Trustee in such circumstances shall be dependent 
upon the Issuer satisfying the Trustee that the Issuer has made arrangements for the realisation of 
no more than the equivalent proportion of the Collateral and/or for the reduction in the notional 
amount of the Swap Agreement in connection with the proposed purchase of the Notes, which 
transactions will leave the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities in respect thereof.
(w)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to or to the order of the 
Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued 
or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(x)
Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation
Upon any of the Notes being (i) redeemed or (ii) purchased and cancelled, Master Conditions 8(a) 
(Final Redemption) to 8(p) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect 
of certain Class(es) of Notes only) (inclusive) shall no longer apply to such Notes. In addition, and 
for the avoidance of doubt, Master Conditions 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) to 8(p) 
(Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes 
only) (inclusive) shall have no effect on or after the Maturity Date.
9
Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, Business Day Convention, Reference Rate 
Events and Original Collateral Disruption Events
(a)
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final Redemption 
Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest Determination Date and on 
each date the Calculation Agent is required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, as the 
case may be, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and Interest Payment Date, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, obtain such quotation and/or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, any Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or 
other amount, to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Interest 
Period, as the case may be, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount or (ii) in all other cases, the earlier of the date 
on which any relevant payment is due (if determined prior to such time) and the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Master Condition 9(k) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amount(s) 
and the Interest Payment Date(s) so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate

--- Page 192 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
192
alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.
If in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount of principal due for 
redemption is not made, no publication of the rates determined in accordance with this Master 
Condition 9(a) to be used in the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the Trustee 
notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding upon all 
Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other parties. If the Calculation Agent at 
any time does not make any determination or calculation or take any action that it is required to do 
pursuant to the Conditions, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Swap Counterparty.
(b)
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up to 0.00001) and (y) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
down, if necessary, to the nearest unit of such currency. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency (e.g. 
one cent or one pence).
(c)
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event
(i)
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer (such 
notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, provided that 
no Reference Rate Event Notice shall be required to be delivered where the applicable Cut-
off Date falls after the latest scheduled payment obligation of the Issuer under the Transaction 
Documents or the Reference Rate Event had occurred prior to the Issue Date.
(ii)
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to determine:
(A)
a Replacement Reference Rate;
(B)
an Adjustment Spread; and
(C)
such 
other 
adjustments 
(the 
“Replacement 
Reference 
Rate 
Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, 
Reference Business Day, Business Day Convention, Reference Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Default Interest, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Interest Period Date, Interest 
Period End Date and Rate of Interest) which the Calculation Agent determines are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the 
Notes before and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread),

--- Page 193 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
193
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (A) to (C) together, the 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”).
(iii)
If the Calculation Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread 
and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall deliver:
(A)
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate Notice”) 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) 
which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread, the 
specific terms of any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments and the Cut-off Date; 
and
(B)
a certificate to the Trustee (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent) (such certificate, 
a “Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”):
(I)
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement Reference Rate, 
(y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific terms of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; and
(II)
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by 
the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread).
(iv)
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before the Cut-
off Date, Master Condition 8(k) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event) shall apply.
(v)
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the Calculation Agent at 
least two London Business Days before the Cut-off Date, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments, which amendments will take effect from the Cut-off Date (and the amendments 
effected by any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be expressed as 
taking effect as of the Cut-off Date). For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Reference 
Rate in the Notes and the Transaction Documents will be replaced by references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (provided that the 
Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment Spread, may not be less 
than zero).
The Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent may rely, without further enquiry and without 
liability to any person for so doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate. Upon receipt of a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate, the 
Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall agree to the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that neither the Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying 
Agent shall be required to agree to the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments if, in the 
opinion of the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each acting reasonably), the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments would (I) expose the Trustee or the Issuing and

--- Page 194 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
194
Paying Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series.
(vi)
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments having 
been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices).
(vii)
Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent nor the Trustee shall have any 
duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has 
occurred. The Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice 
to the Issuer that a Reference Rate Event has occurred.
(viii)
Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
(ix)
Occurrence of multiple Reference Rate Events
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate:
(A)
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise 
be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or 
becomes non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as 
if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred;
(B)
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Risk-
Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the same 
time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute 
or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise 
have been the Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have occurred before the Reference 
Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) 
(Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred;
(C)
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a 
Representative Statement Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Representative 
Statement Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) 
shall apply as if a Representative Statement Event had occurred; and
(D)
(i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Material 
Change Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Material Change Event would otherwise be continuing at the same 
time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute

--- Page 195 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
195
or give rise to a Material Change Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise 
have been the Material Change Event Date would have occurred before the Reference 
Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Master Condition 9(e) 
(Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Material Change Event had occurred.
(d)
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates
(i)
Where “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Floating Rate is to be determined, with respect to a Reference Rate that 
would constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Benchmarks Annex as published by ISDA, if the definition of such Reference Rate includes 
a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation event” 
(regardless of the contents of that definition or description) then, for the purposes of 
determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(c)(ii), upon the occurrence of such an event, any fallback specified in that 
definition or description to apply following such an event (the “2006 ISDA Definitions 
Priority Fallback”) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when making its 
determinations in accordance with Condition 9(c)(ii).
(ii)
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Floating Rate is to be determined, with respect to a Reference Rate that 
would constitute a “Applicable Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, if 
the definition of such Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise 
described as an “index cessation event” or “administrative/benchmark event” (regardless of 
the contents of these definitions or descriptions) then:
(A)
for the purposes of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread pursuant to Master Condition 9(c)(ii) and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, upon the occurrence of such event, the ISDA Generic 
Fallbacks shall not apply and any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks shall be taken into account 
by the Calculation Agent when making its determinations in accordance with Master 
Condition 9(c)(ii); and
(B)
subject to 9(d)(ii)(A) above, where Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified as 
applicable in the Floating Rate Matrix in respect of a Floating Rate Option, the 
Calculation Agent shall make determinations as if references to the ISDA Generic 
Fallbacks in the 2021 ISDA Definitions are made to Master Conditions 9(b) to (h).
(e)
Interim Measures
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination 
in respect of the Notes and, at that time:
(i)
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event); and
(ii)
an Early Redemption Commencement Date has not occurred pursuant to Master Condition 
8(k) (Redemption following a Reference Rate Event),
then, for the purposes of that determination:
(A)
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not yet occurred (in 
relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the Representative Statement Event Date has not yet 
occurred (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or the Material Change Event

--- Page 196 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
196
Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a Material Change Event), the level of the Reference 
Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or
(B)
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) above, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate published in respect 
of the Reference Rate at the time at which the Reference Rate is ordinarily determined on (I) 
the day on which the Reference Rate ceased to be available or representative (in relation to 
a Reference Rate Cessation), (II) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), (III) the Risk-Free Rate Event Date (in relation to a Risk-
Free Rate Event), (IV) the Representative Statement Event Date (in relation to a 
Representative Statement Event) or (V) the Material Change Event Date (in relation to a 
Material Change Event) or, if no rate is published at that time, that rate is non-representative 
or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference to 
the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used 
in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable.
(f)
Calculation Agent determination standard
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgment 
in any way under Master Condition 9(c), without prejudice to Master Condition 9(c)(vii), it will do so 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.
(g)
Separate application of fallbacks
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Master Conditions 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) 
shall apply separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any Early 
Redemption Commencement Date that occurs pursuant to Master Condition 8(k) (Redemption 
following a Reference Rate Event) in respect of such Series will apply to the whole Series.
(h)
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate modification
If “Material Change Event” is not specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms and, in respect of 
a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating 
such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to that Reference Rate shall be to the Reference 
Rate as changed unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of an Alternative Drawdown Document 
only, otherwise specified in the applicable Alternative Drawdown Document.
(i)
Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Series specify that “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event” is applicable:
(i)
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred 
in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), setting 
out a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event has occurred and:
(A)
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of such Original 
Collateral Disruption Event (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action 
Notice”); or

--- Page 197 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
197
(B)
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions and the Swap Agreement 
(the “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”) and setting out a 
description in reasonable detail of such amendments (an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); or
(C)
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice”).
(ii)
If the Issuer receives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
promptly make the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments, provided that:
(A)
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
in respect of the Notes;
(B)
the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is to account for 
any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty; and
(C)
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee (copied to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) that the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph (B) above.
The Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent may rely, without further enquiry and without 
liability to any person for so doing, on an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
Certificate. Upon receipt of an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate, 
the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall agree to the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or 
any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Original 
Collateral Disruption Event Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that neither the Trustee nor the 
Issuing and Paying Agent shall be required to agree to the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each 
acting reasonably), the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose 
the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (as applicable) in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series.
(iii)
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices).
(iv)
Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent nor the Trustee shall have any 
duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any 
notice in respect of an Original Collateral Disruption Event.
(v)
Any Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are:

--- Page 198 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
198
(A)
a negative amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable (in 
each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes for the Series; or
(B)
a positive amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
pursuant to the Notes for the Series.
(j)
Determinations and actions
All calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent, as applicable 
under the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant Conditions having 
regard in each case to the criteria stipulated therein (if any) and (where relevant) on the basis of 
information provided to or obtained by the employees or officers of the relevant party responsible 
for making the relevant calculation or determination.
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, where the terms of the Notes provide that the 
amount payable at maturity is subject to a minimum amount, no modification to the Conditions may 
be made by the Issuer to reduce the amount so payable to less than the minimum amount. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer to 
modify the Conditions pursuant to Master Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution).
All calculations and determinations made or actions taken under the Conditions by the Calculation 
Agent and the Disposal Agent shall be made or taken in good faith and acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In making any such determinations under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent 
and the Disposal Agent may take into account such factors as it determines to be appropriate 
(including. but not limited to, any circumstances or events which it determines has a material effect 
on any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer (and/or its affiliates)) at any time with 
respect to the Notes. In the case of each determination and action made or taken under the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent shall take into account the effect of such 
determination on the Notes and consider whether fair treatment of the Noteholders (but not only 
individual Noteholders) is achieved by such determination in accordance with its applicable 
regulatory obligations.
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Disposal Agent assumes any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust or of a fiduciary nature for or with any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other 
Transaction Party. Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or restrict any duty or liability arising 
under the regulatory framework applicable to any person authorised by the FCA.
(k)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding

--- Page 199 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
199
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.
(l)
Reference Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Reference Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Reference 
Business Day, then, if the Reference Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Reference 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Reference Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Reference Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Reference Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Reference Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Reference Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately
preceding Reference Business Day.
10
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its related Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Master Condition 10(e) (Unmatured Coupons 
and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Master Condition 10(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons)), as the case 
may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with a Bank nominated by such holder presenting such 
Bearer Note, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be. “Bank” means a bank in the principal 
financial centre for such currency or in the case of euro in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 10(b) shall include 
final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 10(b) shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on the day before the due date for 
payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall 
be made in the relevant currency by transfer to an account nominated by such person shown 
in the Register in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(iii)
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be 
made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close

--- Page 200 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
200
of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, 
where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax, legal 
or regulatory consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them.
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Receipts and/or Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of these Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Receipts, unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(vi)
Default Interest on any Note shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(f)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if

--- Page 201 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
201
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Master Condition 18 (Prescription)).
(g)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment (other than an Interest Payment Date) in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. If an Interest 
Payment Date is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment until the next following business day, except 
that if the Interest Payment Date would thereby fall into the next calendar month, it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding business day. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the applicable Issue Terms and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
(h)
Suspension of obligations following a Sanctions Event
Notwithstanding Master Condition 8(i) (Redemption following an Illegality Event) and without 
prejudice to Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption following a Sanctions Event), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that on any day any Note, Noteholder, clearing system, the Issuer, the Collateral, 
the Collateral Obligor, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, the Dealer and/or the Swap 
Counterparty:
(i)
has become subject to Sanctions; and
(ii)
as a result of such Sanctions:
(1)
it has become unlawful for any of the above-mentioned parties to perform any of their 
obligations under any Transaction Document or for a clearing system to facilitate 
payments to Noteholders; or 
(2)
the ability of any of the above-mentioned parties to perform any of their obligations 
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document on the date on which such 
obligations are intended to be performed in accordance with the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document, or for a clearing system to facilitate payments to Noteholders, 
is disrupted, delayed or impaired in any way whatsoever,
(any such event, a “Sanctions Event”),
provided that such Sanctions Event is not or would not be unenforceable by reason of a breach of 
(i) any provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (or any law or 
regulation implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union), (ii) any 
provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/1996 of 22 November 1996 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA or (iii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Transaction Parties (the “Sanctions Event 
Notice”) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant notice shall, following receipt of such notice, to the 
extent permitted by law, give a notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Sanctions

--- Page 202 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
202
Event) upon which the affected obligations, including the obligation to make any payments, shall be 
suspended and remain suspended until the date on which the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Transaction Parties that it has determined that such Sanctions Event is no longer continuing (such 
date, the “Sanctions Event End Date”). Following delivery of the Sanctions Event Notice and prior 
to the Sanctions Event End Date, the Notes may be early redeemed in accordance with Master 
Condition 8(m) (Redemption following a Sanctions Event).
For as long as a Sanctions Event is continuing, all amounts that would otherwise fall due shall, to 
the extent permitted by the relevant Sanctions, be treated in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate in the circumstances, which may include payment into a suspense 
account. No interest shall accrue on any such amounts during such suspension.
On the Calculation Agent Business Day following the Sanctions Event End Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the principal and/or interest amounts (if any) payable to the relevant 
Noteholders (taking into account, where relevant, the occurrence and effect of any events during 
the period in which the Sanctions Event was continuing) and such amounts shall be paid by the 
Issuer five Calculation Agent Business Days following the Sanctions Event End Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Sanctions Event has occurred. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving 
or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any loss 
occasioned by the occurrence of a Sanctions Event. If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent effectively 
gives notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on such notice without further investigation.
11
Agents
(a)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents (if applicable), the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, 
the Custodian, the Collateral Administrator (if applicable), the Disposal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective Specified Offices are listed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian, the Collateral 
Administrator, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee (except 
that the approval of the Trustee shall not be required for the appointment of a replacement Disposal 
Agent or Calculation Agent where Noteholders direct the Issuer to appoint such replacement 
pursuant to this Master Condition 11) to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Custodian, the Collateral 
Administrator, the Disposal Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Collateral Administrator(s), Disposal Agent(s), Calculation 
Agent(s) or such other agents as may be required provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Disposal Agent, (v) a Calculation Agent, (vi) with respect to 
(a) the Luxembourg Issuer, a Custodian having its Specified Office in Luxembourg and (b) the 
Cayman Issuer, a Custodian, (vii) a Paying Agent having its Specified Office either in a major 
European city or in London and (viii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each case as approved by the Trustee (subject as 
provided above).

--- Page 203 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
203
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Master Condition 10(c) 
(Payments in the United States).
Notice of any such change or any change of any Specified Office shall promptly be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices).
(b)
Calculation Agent appointment, termination and replacement
If the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or 
to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount or to make any other calculation or determination required of it under the 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as the case may be, or 
fails to comply with any other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or 
any other Transaction Document, and in each case such failure has not been remedied within a 
reasonable period, or a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then:
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Credit Event in relation to the Swap Counterparty or Swap Counterparty Event has occurred, 
of the Swap Counterparty to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market or other appropriate market that is most closely connected with the 
calculation(s) and/or determination(s) to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place, provided that the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the 
terms on which the outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed; or
(ii)
if a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event or Swap Counterparty Event has occurred, and if 
the Issuer has been directed by an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a 
replacement Calculation Agent, provided that such replacement is a financial institution of 
international repute and the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the 
terms on which the outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed and to the extent of any 
difference to such terms, that such terms do not adversely affect the terms on which the 
Trustee or any other Agent is appointed, without the prior consent of such adversely affected 
party and the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction for any initial or on-going costs, charges, fees and/or expenses the Issuer may 
incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement Calculation Agent (whether by one 
or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other third party), the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such purpose) to appoint the 
person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as calculation agent in respect of the 
Notes.
(c)
Disposal Agent appointment, termination and replacement
If the Disposal Agent fails duly to establish any rate, amount or value required to be determined by 
it under the Conditions or any Transaction Document or to take the steps required of it under the 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document to Liquidate the Collateral, 
as the case may be, or fails to comply with any other material requirement pursuant to the 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or a Disposal Agent 
Bankruptcy Event occurs, then:
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) with the prior written approval of the Trustee and, provided no Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in relation to the Swap Counterparty, or Swap

--- Page 204 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
204
Counterparty Event has occurred, of the Swap Counterparty to appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market or other appropriate market to act as 
such in its place, provided that the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as 
the terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent is appointed; or
(ii)
if a Counterparty Bankruptcy Credit Event or Swap Counterparty Event has occurred, and if 
the Issuer has been directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that the Issuer appoint 
a replacement Disposal Agent, provided that such replacement is a financial institution of 
international repute and the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the 
terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent is appointed and to the extent of any difference 
to such terms, that such terms do not adversely affect the terms on which the Trustee or any
other Agent is appointed, without the prior consent of such adversely affected party and the 
Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction for any initial 
or on-going costs, charges, fees and/or expenses the Issuer may incur in connection with the 
appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent (whether by one or more Noteholders, a 
Secured Creditor or any other third party), the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
(provided it has funds available for such purpose) to appoint the person nominated in such 
Extraordinary Resolution as Disposal Agent in respect of the Notes,
provided that where the appointment of the Disposal Agent is terminated as a result of a Bankruptcy 
Event in respect of the Company, the Disposal Agent will no longer be required to liquidate the 
Mortgaged Property. The Mortgaged Property will be realised in the manner determined by the 
competent bankruptcy officer in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings.
(d)
Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon a Ratings Downgrade
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that “Ratings Downgrade” is applicable in respect of the 
Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent, clause 20.6 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall 
apply and the “Rating Downgrade Triggers” will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be a short-term issuer credit rating higher than or equal to “A-2” by Standard & Poor’s and 
“P-3” by Moody’s.
12
Taxation
(a)
Withholding or deductions on payments in respect of the Notes
Without prejudice to Master Condition 8(d) (Redemption for taxation reasons), all payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the Issuer or any Agent is 
required by applicable law to make. In that event, the Issuer or such Agent shall make such payment 
after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for 
the amount(s) so required to be withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer nor any Agent will be 
obliged to make any additional payments to Noteholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 12(a), any withholding required by an Information 
Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law.
(b)
Provision of information
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of Notes shall, within (i) 10 London Business 
Days, in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer or (ii) 10 Hong Kong Business Days, in respect of the 
Cayman Issuer, in each case, of the relevant Issuer giving a request in accordance with Master 
Condition 22 (Notices) or receipt of a request from any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, supply 
to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer such forms, documentation and other 
information relating to such Noteholder’s, Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s status under any

--- Page 205 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
205
Applicable Law (including, without limitation, any Information Reporting Regime) or any agreement 
entered into by the Issuer pursuant thereto as the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuer reasonably requests for the purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s compliance with such 
law or agreement and such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner shall notify the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) reasonably promptly if it becomes 
aware that any of the forms, documentation or other information provided by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect; provided, 
however, that no Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner shall be required to provide any 
forms, documentation or other information pursuant to this Master Condition 12(b) to the extent that:
(i)
any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be provided 
on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner and cannot be obtained
by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner using reasonable efforts; or
(ii)
doing so would or might in the reasonable opinion of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner constitute a breach of any (A) Applicable Law, (B) fiduciary duty or (C) duty 
of confidentiality,
and, in each case, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner promptly provides written 
notice to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) stating that it is 
unable to comply with the Issuer’s and/or such agent’s request and the reason for such inability to 
comply.
The Issuer and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, documentation 
and other information provided to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) pursuant to this Master Condition 12(b) to any taxation or other governmental authority.
For the purposes of this Master Condition 12(b), “Applicable Law” shall be deemed to include (a) 
any rule or practice of any Authority by which the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer is 
bound or with which it is accustomed to comply, (b) any agreement between any Authorities and (c) 
any agreement between any Authority and the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer that is 
customarily entered into by institutions of a similar nature.
(c)
Consequential amendments
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of the Notes further agrees and consents 
that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, the Issuer may, but is not obliged and 
owes no duty to any person to, (i) comply with the terms of any intergovernmental agreement 
between the U.S. and another jurisdiction with respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement, (ii) enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or (iii) comply with other legislation or agreements under an applicable Information 
Reporting Regime, in each case, in such form as may be required to avoid the imposition of 
withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the 
Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting Regime.
In connection therewith, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders 
or any beneficial owner of the Notes, make such amendments to the Conditions and/or the 
Transaction Documents (except for the Programme Deed) as it determines necessary to enable the 
Issuer to enter into, or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation (such 
amendments, the “Modifications“), provided that:
(i)
the Modifications are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction Documents and the 
Trustee (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);

--- Page 206 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
206
(ii)
the Modifications do not require a special quorum resolution; and
(iii)
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Modifications Certificate“) to the Trustee 
and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the Modifications (I) are 
necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines or 
penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting 
Regime and (II) do not require a special quorum resolution.
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and with no liability for so doing, on a Modifications 
Certificate. Upon receipt of a Modifications Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Modifications 
without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, provided that the Trustee shall not be required to 
agree to the Modifications if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Modifications 
would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document for the Series.
13
Liquidation
(a)
Liquidation Event
Upon the Issuer becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise) of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall provide (or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf provides) a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal 
Agent, the Custodian and the Trustee thereof as soon as is reasonably practicable, provided that if 
at such time there is no Disposal Agent, then if a replacement Disposal Agent is appointed pursuant 
to Master Condition 11 (Agents), such notice shall be provided to such replacement Disposal Agent 
(if any) upon its appointment as Disposal Agent.
Where a Liquidation Commencement Notice is not in respect of all Notes outstanding, it shall specify 
any relevant Early Redeeming Class(es) of Notes to which it relates.
The Disposal Agent shall not be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether a 
Liquidation Event has occurred in respect of a Series or a Class thereof, if applicable. Prior to receipt 
by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of a Series or a Class thereof, if applicable, 
the Disposal Agent may assume that no such event has occurred.
The Trustee shall not be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Liquidation 
Event has occurred or to calculate any Early Redemption Amount and shall have no obligation, 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, the Disposal Agent 
or any other Secured Creditor. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any notice given by the Issuer, 
the Disposal Agent or any other person on their behalf without further enquiry or investigation and 
without any liability for so relying. The Disposal Agent shall not be regarded as acting as the agent 
of the Trustee in any circumstances and the Trustee shall not incur any liability to any person in 
respect of any acts or omissions or the exercise of any discretion by the Disposal Agent. The Trustee 
shall have no responsibility or liability for the performance or any failure or delay in the performance 
by the Disposal Agent under the Agency Agreement or the Conditions in relation to any Series or 
for the payment of any commissions or expenses charged by it or for any failure by the Disposal 
Agent to account for the proceeds of any Liquidation of Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as 
applicable, in accordance with the Agency Agreement and the Conditions.
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice without 
investigation of whether the relevant Liquidation Event has occurred.

--- Page 207 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
207
Any Liquidation Commencement Notice delivered by the Issuer or the Trustee shall not be valid and 
the Disposal Agent shall not take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has already 
received (i) a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of the same or a prior Liquidation 
Event or (ii) a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee.
(b)
Liquidation process
Following receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on 
behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that the relevant 
Collateral (or, where applicable, Class Collateral) is outstanding:
(i)
subject to paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below, where the Early Redemption Settlement Method 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (a) “Cash Settlement” and the applicable Issue 
Terms do not specify that Classes apply or (b) “Noteholder Settlement Option” and all 
Noteholders have elected or have been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, effect a Liquidation of the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation 
Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all the Collateral on or prior to the Early 
Valuation Date or the third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as 
applicable, and provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of all Collateral has not been effected by such date. If the Collateral has not been 
Liquidated in full by such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a 
Liquidation of the Collateral until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the 
contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee;
(ii)
where the Early Redemption Settlement Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms is 
“Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the Noteholders has not elected nor been 
deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount, effect a Liquidation 
of the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date in the following 
manner:
(1)
first, by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of Collateral (other 
than Original Collateral) sufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in 
priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation);
(2)
secondly, to the extent the proceeds available following a Liquidation under sub-
paragraph (1) above are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in 
priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation), by Liquidating, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of Original Collateral sufficient to satisfy 
the remainder of such obligations (the amount of Original Collateral comprising 
Collateral following such Liquidation, the “Remaining Original Collateral”);
(3)
thirdly, by Liquidating all Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral together with any 
Excess Available Deliverable Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the 
third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable; and
(4)
fourthly, by liquidating any remaining Collateral other than the Original Collateral 
comprised in any Physical Redemption Amount payable in respect of one or more of 
the Notes,
and provided (x), in each case, that the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if the Liquidation 
of all such Collateral has not been effected by the date or within the times specified above, 
and (y) if any Collateral that is required to be Liquidated has not been so Liquidated in full by 
the date or within the times specified above, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts

--- Page 208 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
208
to effect a Liquidation of such Collateral until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer 
to the contrary or until receiving a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee;
(iii)
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Liquidation Parameters are applicable, for the 
purpose of paragraph (i) above:
(1)
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate all of the Collateral as soon as reasonably 
practicable, and in any event within five Business Days, following the relevant Early 
Redemption Commencement Date (the “Target Liquidation Period”); and
(2)
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-in, firm 
executable bid price (a “Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase the Collateral 
on a day within the Target Liquidation Period, and it shall sell the Collateral on such a 
date to the Quotation Dealer who provides the highest Quotation, save that where no 
Quotations are obtained, the Disposal Agent shall determine the value of the 
Collateral,
and, for the avoidance of doubt, where the Target Liquidation Period and/or the 
number of Quotations to be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant 
Liquidation Parameters shall be set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and
(iv)
for the purpose of paragraphs (i)(a) and (iii) above, if (a) the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that Classes apply in respect of a Series and (b) a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice 
relates to one or more Early Redeeming Class(es) of Notes, then references to effecting a 
Liquidation of the Collateral shall be treated as being references to a Liquidation of each of 
the Affected Class Collateral relating to the relevant Early Redeeming Class(es) of Notes 
only, each constituent of which shall, where so required, be rounded up to the nearest 
tradable unit(s) of Original Collateral (the aggregate nominal amount of such rounding up in 
respect of the relevant Affected Class Collateral, being the “Affected Collateral Rounding 
Component”).
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect any such 
Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral or 
Affected Class Collateral, as applicable. The Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as 
reasonably practicable within the available timeframe to obtain a representative price in such 
timeframe, even where a larger amount could possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if 
any such Liquidation were to be delayed and the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if a larger 
amount could possibly be received in respect of such Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as 
applicable, if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject to such requirement, the Disposal 
Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions on a single 
or multiple day(s). In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Master Condition 5(d) 
(Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
and effective delivery of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Security shall be released 
without further action on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to 
effect the Liquidation of the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable. Nothing in this 
Master Condition 13(b) or Master Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event) 
will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation 
of the Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, holders of Receipts or any other person merely 
because a larger amount could have been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had 
the Disposal Agent selected a different method of Liquidating any such Collateral or Affected Class 
Collateral, as applicable, provided that the Disposal Agent has complied with its duty to act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 209 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
209
In the event that there is more than one Component Collateral, the Disposal Agent shall (i) determine 
which Component Collateral to Liquidate in order to satisfy its obligations under this Master 
Condition 13(b), and (ii) not be liable for any such determination or decision or the timing thereof, 
provided that it has acted in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of a determination that a Liquidation 
Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent (i) shall have complete discretion, (ii) shall have no duty or 
obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other person to take any such 
action or make any such determination and (iii) shall not be liable for any such determination or 
decision or the timing thereof, provided that it has acted in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.
(c)
Proceeds of Liquidation
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable:
(i)
to account for anything except actual proceeds of the Collateral received by it (after deduction 
of the amounts (if any) described in Master Condition 13(d) (Costs and expenses)) and which 
shall, upon receipt, automatically become subject to the Security created by the Trust Deed; 
or
(ii)
for any taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities, fees, commissions or expenses 
arising from or connected with any Liquidation or from any act or omission in relation to the 
Collateral or otherwise unless such taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or 
expenses shall be caused by its own negligence, fraud or wilful default.
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, any 
Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it at any 
time.
(d)
Costs and expenses
The Issuer acknowledges that in effecting the Liquidation, Liquidation Expenses may be incurred. 
The Issuer agrees that any such Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer and that the 
Disposal Agent shall only be required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation net of such 
Liquidation Expenses. Where the Disposal Agent makes such net remittance to the Issuer but has 
itself received the relevant payment on a gross basis, the Disposal Agent agrees to apply the 
relevant amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expense.
“Liquidation Expenses” means (i) any taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or 
commissions applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange commissions, 
provided that such transaction fees or commissions are limited to and no higher than those that 
would necessarily and routinely be charged by the third party market participant to whom such fees 
or commissions are payable for a sale transaction of that type to third parties on an arm’s length 
basis. Save for such reasonable transaction fees or commissions, Liquidation Expenses shall not 
include any Disposal Agent Fees. Such Disposal Agent Fees shall be paid to the Disposal Agent in 
accordance with Master Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds).
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, any 
Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it at any 
time.

--- Page 210 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
210
(e)
Good faith of Disposal Agent
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent shall act in good faith and, subject as provided 
above and without prejudice to Master Condition 9 (Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, 
Business Day Convention, Reference Rate Events and Original Collateral Disruption Events), in 
respect of any sale, early repayment, early redemption or agreed termination in respect of the 
Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable, shall agree a price that it reasonably believes 
to be representative of or better than the price available in the market for the sale of such Collateral 
or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable in the appropriate size taking into account the total 
amount of Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to be sold, repaid, redeemed or 
terminated.
(f)
Disposal Agent to use all reasonable care
The Disposal Agent shall use all reasonable care in the performance of its duties but shall not be 
responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result thereof save that the Disposal 
Agent’s liability to the Issuer shall not be so limited where the loss or damage results from 
negligence, wilful default or fraud of the Disposal Agent.
(g)
Consultations on legal matters
The Disposal Agent may consult on any legal matter any reputable legal adviser of international 
standing selected by it, who may be an employee of the Disposal Agent or adviser to the Issuer, 
and it shall not be liable in respect of anything done or omitted to be done relating to that matter in 
good faith in accordance with that adviser’s opinion.
(h)
Reliance on documents
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on a 
document it reasonably believed to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper parties or on 
information to which it should properly have regard and which it reasonably believed to be genuine 
and to have been originated by the proper parties.
(i)
Entry into contracts and other transactions
The Disposal Agent may enter into any contracts or any other transactions or arrangements with 
any of the Issuer, any other Transaction Party, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any Collateral 
Obligor or any Affiliate of any of them (whether in relation to the Notes, the Collateral, the Security, 
an Obligation or any other transaction or obligation whatsoever) and may hold or deal in or be a 
party to the assets, obligations or agreements of which the relevant Collateral forms a part and other 
assets, obligations or agreements of any Collateral Obligor in respect of the Collateral. The Disposal 
Agent shall not be required to disclose any such contract, transaction or arrangement to any 
Noteholder, any Couponholder or other Transaction Party and shall be in no way accountable to the 
Issuer or (save as otherwise provided in the Agency Agreement and the Conditions) to any 
Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other Transaction Party for any profits or benefits arising from 
any such contract(s), transaction(s) or arrangement(s) and shall resolve any conflict of interest 
arising out of or in relation thereto in such manner as it deems appropriate, in its discretion.
(j)
Illegality
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to effect a Liquidation of any of the Collateral or Affected 
Class Collateral, as applicable if it determines, in its discretion, that any such Liquidation of some 
or all of the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable in accordance with this Master 
Condition 13 (Liquidation) would or might require or result in a violation of any applicable law or 
regulation of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is domiciled or any other relevant jurisdiction, 
including any insolvency prohibition or moratorium on the disposal of assets, or that for any other

--- Page 211 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
211
reason it is not possible for it to dispose of the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable 
(even at zero), and the Disposal Agent notifies the Issuer and the Trustee of the same.
(k)
Sales to Affiliates
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral to Affiliates of itself or 
Affiliates of the Swap Counterparty provided that the Disposal Agent sells at a price that it acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner believes to be a fair market price.
(l)
Notification of Enforcement Event
Upon the Trustee effectively giving a valid Enforcement Notice to the Disposal Agent following the 
occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further Liquidation 
of any Collateral and shall take no further action to Liquidate any Collateral or Affected Class 
Collateral, as applicable, save that any transaction entered into in connection with the Liquidation 
on or prior to the effective date of any such Enforcement Notice shall be settled and the Disposal 
Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or which is 
incidental thereto.
(m)
Transfer of Collateral to Custodian
Subject to Master Condition 13(k) (Sales to Affiliates), in effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal 
Agent may sell any Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to itself (subject to Master 
Condition 13(l) (Notification of Enforcement Event)) or to any of its Affiliates, provided that the price 
for such Collateral is paid to the Custodian or to the order of the Issuer. The Disposal Agent shall 
not have the right to transfer the Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to itself or to 
any of its Affiliates other than in connection with a sale thereof to itself or one of its Affiliates, as 
applicable, and provided that such sale is executed on a delivery versus payment basis.
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if the Disposal Agent has reasonable 
grounds to believe that a Bankruptcy Event has occurred with respect to the Custodian and it has 
not received contrary orders from the Issuer it shall make arrangements for any such price for the 
Collateral or Affected Class Collateral, as applicable to instead be paid to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, provided that, if it also has reasonable grounds to believe that a Bankruptcy Event has also 
occurred with respect to the Issuing and Paying Agent, it shall retain and hold such net proceeds of 
Liquidation to the order of the Issuer and subject to the Security created by the Trust Deed.
14
Enforcement of Security
(a)
Trustee to enforce Security
At any time after the Trustee becomes aware of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (which 
may, for the avoidance of doubt, where the relevant Series of Notes comprises Classes, relate to 
one or more (but not all) Classes of Notes), it may, and if requested by holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or Class thereof) then outstanding, directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution, or directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty, shall (provided in 
each case that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has effectively delivered a valid Enforcement Notice to 
the Issuer, the Custodian and the Disposal Agent) enforce all of the Security constituted by the Trust 
Deed and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable).
(b)
Enforcement Notice
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security, the Trustee shall notify the Issuer, the Custodian 
and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time (such notice being an “Enforcement Notice”) that 
(i) the Trustee intends to enforce the Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other

--- Page 212 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
212
Security Documents (if applicable) and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to cease to effect any further 
Liquidation of the Collateral (if such Liquidation is taking place) save that any transaction entered 
into in connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the effective date of such Enforcement Notice 
shall be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such 
transaction and/or that are incidental thereto.
(c)
Enforcement of Security
In order to enforce the Security, the Trustee may:
(i)
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and on 
such terms as it shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all 
or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable;
(ii)
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems appropriate 
but without any liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor 
as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action, 
step or proceeding on individual Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured 
Creditor; and
(iii)
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable) or, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
connection with the Luxembourg Pledge in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer, any enforcement method permissible under the law of 5 August 2005 on financial 
collateral arrangements, as amended from time to time.
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action, step or proceeding in relation to the 
enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.
15
Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds
(a)
Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of Liquidation
The Issuer shall, on each Issuer Application Date, apply the Available Proceeds or the Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds, as applicable, as they stand on such date as follows:
(i)
first, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under the Credit 
Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible 
for determining such amounts under the Swap Agreement and such amount being a “CSB 
Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (A) the Available Proceeds or Affected Class 
Collateral Proceeds, as applicable (B) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance (or the relevant portion thereof where not all outstanding Classes, if applicable, are 
redeeming) that was used in determining the Early Termination Amount payable under the 
Swap Agreement and (C) the value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing 
(the excess of the value defined in (C) above the value defined in (B), if any, the “Remaining 
Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) shall be paid to the Swap Counterparty;
(ii)
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of any taxes owing by the Company;

--- Page 213 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
213
(iii)
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities of the 
Trustee under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (including any taxes 
required to be paid, legal fees and the Trustee’s remuneration);
(iv)
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (I) any amounts owing to the Custodian for reimbursement 
in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant Mortgaged Property, 
(II) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect of 
payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement to any 
person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (III) any fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the Agency Agreement;
(v)
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees;
(vi)
sixthly, pari passu in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount), provided that where:
(1)
the Swap Agreement (or any relevant Swap Transactions thereunder) has not been 
subject to a designation or occurrence of an Early Termination Date; and
(2)
in addition to amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
there are also amounts that are owed by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement and which remain unpaid or there are obligations that were required to be 
settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and which have not been 
so settled,
there shall be no payment to the Swap Counterparty under this limb and no payment to any 
person ranking junior to the Swap Counterparty under this Master Condition 15(a) until such 
time as an Early Termination Date has been designated or occurred and the Termination 
Payment determined;
(vii)
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of Corporate Services Provider 
Fees owing by the Company;
(viii)
eighthly, pari passu in payment of (I) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, 
(II) any Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (III) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof); and
(ix)
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof),
save that no such application shall be made at any time following an Enforcement Notice having 
been effectively delivered by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event.
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation.
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any sum from the Mortgaged 
Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal 
Agent (where there is one) and the Swap Counterparty of the same as soon as is reasonably 
practicable upon receiving any such sum.

--- Page 214 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
214
(b)
Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, with effect from the date 
on which any valid Enforcement Notice is effectively delivered by the Trustee following the 
occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee will hold the Available Proceeds received by it 
under the Trust Deed on trust to apply them as they stand on each Trustee Application Date as 
follows:
(i)
first, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under the Credit 
Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the Swap Counterparty 
or the party responsible for determining such amounts under the Swap Agreement and such 
amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (A) the Available Proceeds 
(B) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance that was used in 
determining the Early Termination Amount payable under the Swap Agreement and (C) the 
value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if any, 
which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value 
defined in (C) above the value defined in (B), if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty 
Claim Amount”) shall be paid to the Swap Counterparty:
(ii)
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of any taxes owing by the Company;
(iii)
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities of the 
Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts and carrying out its functions 
under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (including any taxes required to 
be paid, legal fees, the cost of realising any Security and the Trustee’s remuneration);
(iv)
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (I) any amounts owing to the Custodian for reimbursement 
in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant Collateral, (II) any 
amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect of payments 
properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement to any person in 
discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (III) any fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the Agency Agreement;
(v)
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees;
(vi)
sixthly, pari passu in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty in accordance 
with this Master Condition 15(b) under the Swap Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB 
Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty, shall be limited to the Remaining 
Swap Counterparty Claim Amount), provided that where:
(1)
the Swap Agreement has not been subject to a designation or occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date; and
(2)
in addition to amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
there are also amounts that are owed by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement and which remain unpaid or there are obligations that were required to be 
settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and which have not been 
so settled,
there shall be no payment to the Swap Counterparty under this limb and no payment to any 
person ranking junior to the Swap Counterparty under this Master Condition 15(b) until such 
time as an Early Termination Date has been designated or occurred and the Termination 
Payment determined;

--- Page 215 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
215
(vii)
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of Corporate Services Provider 
Fees owing by the Company;
(viii)
eighthly, pari passu in payment of (I) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, 
(II) any Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (III) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof); and
(ix)
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the holders of Notes (or any Class 
thereof).
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation.
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the Notes under this 
Master Condition 15(b) at any time following delivery by the Trustee of an Enforcement Notice in 
accordance with the Conditions, other than where the Mortgaged Property has been exhausted, 
amount to less than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding, the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to make any payments under this Master Condition 15(b) and shall, place such 
amounts on deposit as provided in Master Condition 15(c) (Deposits) and shall retain such amounts 
and accumulate the resulting income until the amounts and the accumulations, together with any 
other funds for the time being under the Trustee’s control and available for such payment, amount
to at least 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and then such amounts 
and accumulations (after deduction of, or provision for, any applicable taxes and negative interest) 
shall be applied as specified in this Master Condition 15(b).
(c)
Deposits
Moneys held by the Trustee shall be deposited in its name in a non-interest bearing account at such 
bank or other financial institution as the Trustee may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in its absolute discretion, think fit. The parties acknowledge and agree that 
notwithstanding that such account is intended to be a non-interest bearing account in the event that 
the interest rate in respect of certain currencies is a negative value, the application thereof would 
result in amounts being debited from funds held by such bank or financial institution (“negative 
interest”).
(d)
Insufficient proceeds
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of enforcement of Security) or assets 
available for delivery, as the case may be, are insufficient for the holders of Notes to receive 
payment in full of (A) any Early Redemption Amount that has become due and payable or 
deliverable, (B) any Final Redemption Amount that has become due and payable or deliverable 
and/or (C) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity 
Date, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon, the holders of Notes will 
receive an amount which is less than any such amount, and the provisions of Master Condition 17 
(Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply.
(e)
Foreign exchange conversion
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any party pursuant to this Master Condition 15 are not 
in the Specified Currency, then such proceeds shall be converted at such rate or rates, in

--- Page 216 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
216
accordance with such method and as at such date as may reasonably be specified by the Disposal 
Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents and as 
described in Master Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)) or the Trustee (following the Trustee
enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents and as described in Master Condition 
14 (Enforcement of Security)), but having regard to current rates of exchange, if available. Any rate, 
method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, 
the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Administrator (if any) and the Custodian.
If, on or after the day falling five Reference Business Days after the Maturity Date of the Notes (such 
fifth Reference Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off Date”):
(i)
there are amounts that have become payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty and which remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or there are obligations 
that were required to be settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer on or 
prior to the Maturity Date and which have not been so settled as at the Maturity Cut-off Date;
(ii)
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred under the Swap 
Agreement; and
(iii)
no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under 
any other Condition,
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the 
same. Following delivery of such notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, exercise its right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement.
16
Enforcement of Rights or Security
(a)
Notes
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies against 
the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails 
to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount 
that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, no Noteholder, Couponholder or other Secured 
Creditor may direct the Trustee to pursue any remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the 
Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons until after the Relevant Payment 
Date and the Trustee shall have no liability to any person for any loss which may arise from such 
delay.
(b)
Security
Only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and 
subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed.
(c)
Indemnity, Security and/or pre-funding
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, any other Security Document or otherwise without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 217 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
217
17
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition
(a)
General limited recourse
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable in respect of a Series of Notes 
and to the other Transaction Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds 
available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series at such time to make such 
payments in accordance with Master Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected 
Class Collateral Proceeds). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in any 
Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series, subject 
always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Company, or to any other assets of the 
Issuer or, if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, to any other assets of any other compartment. If, 
after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is exhausted (whether following Liquidation 
or enforcement of the Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the Available Proceeds or the 
Affected Class Collateral Proceeds relating to the final outstanding Class(es), as applicable, as 
provided in Master Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds), any outstanding claim, debt or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Series or the 
Transaction Documents relating to the Notes of the Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding 
claim, debt or liability, as the case may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof. Following extinguishment in accordance with this Master Condition 17(a), 
none of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on 
behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer, or the Company 
or any of their officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or 
directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed 
to any such persons by the Issuer or the Company or any of their officers, shareholders, members, 
incorporators, corporate service providers or directors in respect of such further sum in respect of 
the Series.
(b)
Non-petition
None of the Transaction Parties (save for the Trustee who may lodge a claim in liquidation of the 
Company which is initiated by another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment 
as to the obligations of the Issuer), the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any person acting on 
behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer, the Company or any of 
their officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any 
of their assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or 
property attributable to any notes other than the Notes issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
notes which form a single series with the Notes), the Company or Mortgaged Property in respect of 
a different series or Obligations issued or entered into by the Issuer or the Company or any other 
assets of the Issuer or the Company (other than the Mortgaged Property in respect of this Series).
(c)
Corporate obligation
In addition, the obligations, covenants and agreements of each Issuer are solely corporate 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and none of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them shall have any recourse against any 
director, shareholder, or officer of such Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenant or agreement 
entered into or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any 
other Transaction Documents.

--- Page 218 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
218
(d)
Survival
The provisions of this Master Condition 17 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the
Notes of any Series or Class thereof or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document.
18
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in 
the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them.
19
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of a modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed and/or 
any Transaction Document and give authority, direction or sanction required by, inter alia, Master 
Condition 5 (Security) or Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding of the Relevant 
Noteholder Proportion, or as provided in Master Condition 8(h) (Redemption for a Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Credit Event). The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, 
any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary 
the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (v) to vary the currency or currencies 
of payment or the currency or currencies of the denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this 
exception, (viii) to modify Master Condition 5 (Security) or to hold an Extraordinary ResoIution for 
the purposes of Master Condition 5(c) (Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral), (ix) to 
modify Master Conditions 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral 
Proceeds) or 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) or (x) to modify Master Conditions 8(b) 
(Redemption by instalments) to 8(o) (Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default), 
in which case the necessary quorum (“Special Quorum”) shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion 
in accordance with the Trust Deed. In circumstances in which there is only one Noteholder in respect 
of all the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion outstanding, the quorum for all purposes shall 
be one. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at or participated in the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on the 
holders of Coupons, Receipts and Talons.

--- Page 219 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
219
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder 
Proportion (a “Written Resolution”) or (ii) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing 
system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion (“Electronic 
Consent”) shall, in each case for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied) be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of such Relevant Noteholder Proportion 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such Written Resolution may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. Such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such 
Written Resolution or Electronic Consent.
In respect of the Luxembourg Issuer, the provisions relating to meetings of noteholders contained 
in articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 will not apply in respect of the Notes.
For the purposes of this Master Condition 19(a):
(i)
references to a meeting are to a meeting of holders of a single Series of Notes or, where a 
Series comprises separate Classes, to a meeting of each such Class of Notes, as applicable 
(save that where the meeting relates to a matter in respect of which more than one Class of 
Notes is affected, and no conflict of interest would arise between such Classes in respect of 
Classes thereof (such affected Classes of Notes, the “Affected Classes”), references to a 
meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders of the Affected Classes); and
(ii)
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series or to the Notes 
of a Class or the Affected Classes, as applicable, in respect of which a meeting has been, or 
is to be, called, and to the holders of such Notes, respectively. With respect to a meeting 
called in relation to the Notes or Noteholders of a Class (or of the Affected Classes), any 
reference to Notes or Noteholders of a Series in this Master Condition 19(a) and Schedule 3 
(Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) of the Trust Deed shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the Notes or Noteholders of such Class (or, if applicable, of the Affected Classes).
(b)
Modification of the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document
The Trustee (i) may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to any 
modification of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents that is 
in its opinion of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error and (ii) 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to any other modification 
(except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents that is in the 
opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that any Agent is appointed or replaced pursuant to Master Condition 11(b)(ii) (Calculation Agent 
appointment, termination and replacement) and/or Master Condition 11(c)(ii) (Disposal Agent 
appointment, termination and replacement), the Issuer may make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect such 
appointment or replacement to which the Trustee shall agree provided that such amendments are 
not in the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, and the 
Trustee shall sign such documents as may be required to give effect to such amendments. Any

--- Page 220 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
220
such modification, authorisation or waiver as is made or given under this Master Condition 19(b) 
shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as is practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of 
the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders but subject to the prior written consent of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the relevant Notes, to the substitution of any other company in place of 
the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as applicable. Such substitution of the Issuer 
may be made in circumstances, including but not limited to, where (i) Noteholders would suffer 
adverse tax consequences if the Issuer was not substituted or (ii) it becomes illegal for the Issuer 
to perform any of its obligations under the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Transaction Document provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Master Condition 19) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class 
and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or otherwise to the tax 
consequences thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.
20
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in the applicable Issue Terms (in the 
case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or 
such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Master Condition 22 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by 
the Issuer in respect of such Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
21
Further Issues and Amendments to the Transaction Documents
(a)
Further Issues
Each Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders but 
subject to Master Condition 6 (Restrictions) create and issue further notes or other Obligations either 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes of a Series or a Class thereof in all respects (or

--- Page 221 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
221
in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Series or a Class thereof of the Notes or upon 
such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. Any such further notes shall only 
form a single series or class with the Notes (unless otherwise sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution) if the relevant Issuer provides additional assets (as security for such further notes) which 
are fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming part of the 
Mortgaged Property for the Notes and in the same proportion as the proportion that the nominal 
amount of such new notes bears to the Notes and/or the relevant Issuer enters into an additional or 
supplemental Swap Agreement extending the terms of any existing Swap Agreement to the new 
notes on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and agreements, as applicable. 
Any new notes forming a single series with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property so 
that the new notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, all the holders of the first and all later Tranches of Notes shall benefit 
from the Mortgaged Property on a pari passu basis) and references in the Conditions to “Notes”, 
“Original Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Swap Agreement”, “Secured 
Payment Obligations” and “Secured Creditor” shall be construed accordingly. The Trust Deed 
contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the holders of the Notes and the holders of 
notes of other specified series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides.
(b)
Swap Amendments
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the Swap 
Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement (such amendments, the “Swap Amendments“), 
provided that:
(i)
the purpose and effect of the Swap Amendments are to:
(A)
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts 
receivable by the Issuer under the Original Collateral, including (but not limited to) 
following the addition of Original Collateral in respect of further Notes pursuant to 
Master Condition 21(a) (Further Issues);
(B)
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and other liabilities, including 
(but not limited to) following (I) the making of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Master Condition 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event), (II) the making of any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Master Condition 9(i) (Occurrence of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event) and (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to 
Master Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); or
(C)
effect the changes referred to in Master Condition 5(b) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral);
(ii)
the Swap Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and
(iii)
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap Amendments Certificate“) to the 
Trustee that (A) the purpose of the Swap Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs 
(i)(A) to (i)(C) above and (B) the Swap Amendments do not require a special quorum 
resolution.
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Swap Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall 
agree to the Swap Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders

--- Page 222 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
222
or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Swap 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Swap Amendments if, 
in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Swap Amendments would (A) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction or (B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties 
or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series.
22
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery and 
three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven days (excluding 
Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when delivered, save that 
for the purposes only of determining any Early Redemption Commencement Date the relevant Early 
Redemption Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date despatched. Notices to the holders 
of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (in the case 
of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer) or Asia Pacific (in the case of Notes issued by the Cayman 
Issuer) and for so long as Notes are listed on a stock exchange, published in accordance with the rules of 
such stock exchange. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe (in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer) or Asia Pacific (in the case of Notes 
issued by the Cayman Issuer). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above.
So long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes or Global Registered Certificates, notices in respect 
of those Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, 
Euroclear or the relevant Alternative Clearing System for communication by them to entitled account 
holders or (in the case of a Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of a person other than a 
nominee for Euroclear, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, or an Alternative Clearing System) to such 
person for communication by it to those persons entered in the records of such person as being entitled to 
such notice, in each case, in substitution for publication in a leading daily newspaper as aforesaid.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Master Condition 22.
In addition, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the 
Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange.
23
Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from responsibility 
including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral and for the validity, sufficiency 
and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Security created over the Mortgaged 
Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step, action or proceeding under the Trust 
Deed unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Trustee and any Affiliate 
of the Trustee are entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any Collateral Obligor, the 
Swap Counterparty or any of their subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for profit resulting therefrom.

--- Page 223 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
223
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the Collateral, 
from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Collateral and from any claim arising from 
the fact that the Collateral will be held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian selected by the 
Trustee (in each case, if applicable). The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the 
performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being 
performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary.
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed the Trustee does not assume any 
duty or responsibility to the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent 
or any of the Paying Agents or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay to any of such parties any 
moneys received and repayable to it and to act in accordance with the provisions of Master Conditions 5 
(Security) and 15 (Application of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds)) and shall 
have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders.
None of the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall be required or obliged to monitor or enquire as to whether 
any event, condition or circumstance which could lead to an early redemption of the Notes exists or has 
occurred. None of the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for 
giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Secured Creditor.
24
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act 
to apply to any of their terms.
25
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed (save, in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, for clauses 5.2 
(Luxembourg Pledge), 5.6.1(ii), 5.8.2, 5.9 (Enforcement of Security in respect of the Luxembourg 
Issuer) and 5.12.2 thereof), the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, 
Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 are excluded.
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, Clauses 5.2 (Luxembourg Pledge), 5.6.1(ii), 
5.8.2, 5.9 (Enforcement of Security in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer) and 5.12.2 of the Trust 
Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith shall be governed 
by Luxembourg law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
Apart, in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, from clauses 5.2 (Luxembourg 
Pledge), 5.6.1(ii), 5.8.2, 5.9 (Enforcement of Security in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer) and 
5.12.2 of the Trust Deed (in respect of which the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the City of Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) in connection 
with any disputes arising thereunder), the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and waived any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts, whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.

--- Page 224 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS
224
(c)
Service of process
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service 
of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 225 ---
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
225
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
1
Incorporation and Interpretation
(a)
Applicable Product Supplement
This Product Supplement is the “Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement”. If in the 
applicable Issue Terms the Applicable Product Supplement is specified as the Pass-Through Note 
Terms Product Supplement the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be the Master Conditions, 
as amended and supplemented by the additional conditions set out in this Pass-Through Note 
Terms Product Supplement (the “Additional Pass-Through Conditions”) and the Alternative 
Drawdown Document.
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between (a) the Master Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional 
Conditions will prevail; and (b) between the Additional Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Issue Terms will prevail.
(b)
Defined terms
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement shall 
have the meaning given to them in the Master Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency, the Issue Terms shall prevail over the Master Conditions.
2
Additional Provisions
(a)
Interest
On the day falling the number of Reference Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
after each date on which interest is due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral 
in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof (subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
business day convention specified in the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral) (each such 
date, an “Interest Payment Date”) or, if no Number of Reference Business Days is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the day falling two Reference Business Days after each date on which 
interest is due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral in accordance with the 
terms and conditions thereof (subject to adjustment in accordance with any business day convention 
specified in the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral), an amount shall be payable in 
respect of each Note (an “Interest Amount”) equal to (i) such Note’s pro rata share of the aggregate 
interest amount due and payable to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer the Number of Reference Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, two Reference Business Days prior 
to such Interest Payment Date minus (ii) any “Pass-Through Fee Amount”, being an amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
(b)
Early redemption
(i)
Master Conditions 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) and 8(e) (Redemption 
following a Trigger Event) shall not apply to the Notes.
(ii)
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred pursuant to any other Master Condition, the Issuer shall, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable after becoming aware (whether by notice thereof from the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise) of the occurrence of a Pass-Through Notes Event (or, in any case, within two 
Reference Business Days thereof), give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and

--- Page 226 ---
PASS-THROUGH NOTE TERMS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
226
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Commencement 
Date”.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Pass-Through Notes Event has 
occurred. Neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or 
liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer. If the Issuer effectively gives a notice 
to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Pass-Through Notes Event, the 
Trustee and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely absolutely on such 
notice without further investigation.
For such purposes:
(I)
a “Pass-Through Notes Event” will occur if any Original Collateral becomes payable or 
repayable, or becomes capable of being declared due and payable or repayable, prior to its 
stated date of maturity for whatever reason or there is a payment default in respect of any of 
the Original Collateral in accordance with its terms and conditions;
(II)
this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) shall be deemed to constitute part of Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) for the purposes of the definition of Early Redemption Notice 
and such definition shall be construed so as to also refer to this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) 
immediately after the reference to Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default) therein;
(III)
Master Condition 8(x) (Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation) shall be construed 
so as to also refer to this Additional Condition 2(b)(ii) immediately after the reference to 
Master Condition 8(o) (Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default) in both 
the first and second sentence thereof; and
(IV)
the Early Redemption Amount shall be the Early Cash Redemption Amount.
(c)
Final Redemption
(i)
The “Final Redemption Amount” in respect of a Note to which these Additional Conditions 
apply shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be an amount equal to 
the outstanding nominal amount of such Note as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(ii)
The “Maturity Date” in respect of a Note to which these Additional Conditions apply shall, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be the date falling two Reference 
Business Days following the stated maturity date of the Original Collateral.
(d)
Swap Agreement
Unless specified in the applicable Issue Terms, no Swap Agreement will be entered into between 
the parties in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 227 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
227
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
1
Incorporation and Interpretation
(a)
Applicable Product Supplement
This Product Supplement is the “CLN Conditions Product Supplement”. If, in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the CLN Conditions Product Supplement is specified as an applicable Product Supplement:
(i)
the Notes shall be “Credit Linked Notes”;
(ii)
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as 
amended and supplemented by the additional conditions comprising this CLN Conditions 
Product Supplement (the “Additional CLN Conditions”), as further amended and 
supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms;
(iii)
in connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty shall enter into 
a credit default swap (the “CDS”);
(iv)
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event pursuant 
to Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event) 
shall be an “Additional Redemption Event” for the purposes of Master Condition 8(n) 
(Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event); and
(v)
Master Condition 8(m) (Redemption following a Sanctions Event) and Master Condition 10(h) 
(Suspension of obligations following a Sanctions Event) shall also apply where a Reference 
Entity has become subject to Sanctions.
This CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall not apply to Notes issued by way of Final Terms.
In connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter into 
one or more interest rate swap transaction(s) and/or cross-currency swap transaction(s) and/or 
other swap transaction(s) (each, a “Related Swap”).
(b)
Defined Terms
Certain terms are defined in Additional CLN Condition 16 (Definitions). Capitalised terms used but 
not defined in this CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall have the meanings given to them in 
the Master Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms.
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between: (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional CLN Conditions, the Additional 
CLN Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, the Issue 
Terms will prevail and (iii) the Additional CLN Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, the Issue 
Terms will prevail.
(c)
Issue Terms
The applicable Issue Terms shall, amongst other things, specify the following:
(i)
each Reference Entity and whether “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable in respect 
of such Reference Entity (and, where it is applicable but no Standard Reference Obligation 
has been published on or prior to the Trade Date, the Reference Obligation that shall 
comprise the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation) or the Reference Obligation if 
“Standard Reference Obligation” is not applicable thereto;

--- Page 228 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
228
(ii)
in respect of each Reference Entity, the applicable “Transaction Type” for the purposes of 
the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix;
(iii)
the CLN Type, which shall be one of Single Name CLN, First-to-Default Basket CLN, Linear 
Basket 1 CLN, Linear Basket 2 CLN or Index Linked CLN;
(iv)
the Credit Event Settlement Method, which shall be either “Auction Redemption” or “Fixed 
Recovery Redemption”; and
(v)
the applicable Restructuring Election (if any), which shall be one of “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R”.
(d)
Classes
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply in respect of a particular Series, all 
references herein to:
(i)
“Credit Linked Notes” shall also refer to the Notes of each of the Classes of the Credit Linked 
Notes (or, where applicable, Notes of the relevant Class(es));
(ii)
“Series” shall also refer to each of the Classes of the Credit Linked Notes (or, where 
applicable, the relevant Class(es)); and
(iii)
“Collateral” or “Original Collateral” shall also refer to “Class Collateral”,
in each case, as the context requires.
2
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes
(a)
Redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has been redeemed in full and such Credit 
Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as provided for in Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), if a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to 
any Reference Entity, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each such Credit Linked 
Note as follows:
(i)
if Auction Redemption is the applicable Credit Event Settlement Method, the Applicable 
Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms);
(ii)
if Auction Redemption is not possible pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) of Additional CLN 
Condition 6(b) (Fallback Redemption), Cash Redemption shall be applicable and the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 7 (Cash Redemption Terms); or
(iii)
if Fixed Recovery Redemption is the applicable Credit Event Settlement Method, the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms),
in each case subject to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements).
If a Collateral Event has occurred and on or prior to the related Early Redemption Date a Credit 
Event has occurred within the Notice Delivery Period, the Applicable Proportion of the Notes will be 
redeemed pursuant to this Additional CLN Condition 2(a) and the portion of the remaining

--- Page 229 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
229
outstanding Notes required to be redeemed as a result of the relevant Collateral Event will be 
redeemed pursuant to Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event).
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment obligations on the Early Redemption Date (or, if the 
relevant Early Cash Redemption Amount is zero, upon the occurrence of the Early Redemption 
Date) pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms), 7 (Cash Redemption 
Terms) or 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or as otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Note shall be 
discharged in full.
(b)
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information
(i)
If a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be delivered for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Swap Counterparty 
may deliver a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal 
Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been 
supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an Early Redemption Notice addressed 
to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
within five Reference Business Days after the date on which the Credit Event Notice is 
delivered, give an Early Redemption Notice (attaching a copy of the Credit Event Notice and, 
if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information or including equivalent information 
therein) to the Noteholders (the date of such Early Redemption Notice being the “Early 
Redemption Commencement Date”) in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices), 
provided that failure by the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent to deliver a copy of such 
Credit Event Notice and/or such Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Noteholders 
shall not affect the effectiveness of the Credit Event Notice and/or the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information or the Early Redemption Notice, or the rights of the Issuer to redeem 
the Credit Linked Notes.
(ii)
If a Credit Event Notice is not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination 
Date to occur, then the Calculation Agent shall give written notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event within five Reference Business Days of it becoming aware of an 
applicable Event Determination Date, containing the same information required to be 
included in a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an Early 
Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will give an Early 
Redemption Notice (attaching a copy of such notice given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer) to the Noteholders (the date of such Early Redemption Notice being the “Early 
Redemption Commencement Date”) in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices), 
provided that any failure to give such notice to the Noteholders shall not affect any 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes.
(iii)
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty or the 
Calculation Agent shall be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any 
Credit Event has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. Neither the Trustee nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving 
any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any loss occasioned 
by the occurrence of a Credit Event. If the Trustee receives notice from the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty of the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation.

--- Page 230 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
230
(iv)
Further, none of the Issuer or any Transaction Party (including the Swap Counterparty and 
the Calculation Agent) will have any liability whatsoever if the Swap Counterparty for any 
reason does not determine that a Credit Event has occurred, or with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty’s timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice (or any such other notice 
required to be delivered by the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or 
any other party, or by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with these Additional CLN 
Conditions, including a Notice of Publicly Available Information).
(c)
Relevant time
(i)
Subject to sub paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 2(c), in order to determine the 
day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Additional CLN Conditions, the 
demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if 
the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to 
the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. 
Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight.
(ii)
Notwithstanding the definition of “Credit Event Notice” and sub paragraph (i) of this Additional 
CLN Condition 2(c), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as 
the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a 
payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone of its 
place of payment.
(d)
Redemption other than following the occurrence of a Credit Event
If an Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition (and 
not, for the avoidance of doubt, following the occurrence of a Credit Event in accordance with the 
Additional Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event)), each Credit Linked Note outstanding shall be redeemed by payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with the Master 
Conditions, save that for such purposes the definition of “Early Cash Redemption Amount” in Master 
Condition 1(a) (Definitions) shall not apply and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Early Cash 
Redemption Amount” set out in Additional CLN Condition 16 (Definitions) shall apply instead.
3
Interest on Credit Linked Notes
(a)
Accrual of Interest
Provided that a relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred in respect of a Reference Entity 
during the Notice Delivery Period and on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and no Early 
Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, then, subject to Additional CLN 
Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest), interest (if any) shall accrue on each outstanding Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Master Condition 7 (Interest) (as completed by the relevant Issue 
Terms).
(b)
Suspension of Interest
Subject to Additional CLN Conditions 3(c) (Payment of Suspended Interest) and 3(d) (Payment of 
Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), if (A) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question is made 
on or prior to any Interest Payment Date in respect of which a DC Resolution has not been published 
(a “Suspended Interest Payment Date”) or (B) the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist 
which may amount to a Credit Event, the payment of interest (if any) in respect of the Applicable

--- Page 231 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
231
Proportion of each Credit Linked Note scheduled to be paid to Noteholders on or about such Interest 
Payment Date will be suspended.
(c)
Payment of Suspended Interest
(i)
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, either (A) an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent determines that the Event 
Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling after such Suspended Interest Payment 
Date, or (B) an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal is made, or (C) the Calculation Agent determines that the 
circumstances giving rise to such potential Credit Event have been remedied (if possible) or 
no longer exist such that no related Event Determination Date has occurred, payment of the 
suspended interest will be made five Reference Business Days after the date the Event 
Determination Date is so determined, the date of the Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, or the date on which the 
Calculation Agent makes such determination, as applicable.
(ii)
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made and that the Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date 
falling on or prior to such Suspended Interest Payment Date, no payment of the suspended 
interest will be made and the accrual of interest prior to such Interest Payment Date will be 
determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 3(e) (Accrual of Interest on a Credit 
Event).
(iii)
No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall be made to the amount 
of any interest in connection with the delay or postponement of any payment of interest 
pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest). The Calculation Agent 
shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and the Issuer in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable should any payment of interest be suspended and/or postponed pursuant to this 
Additional CLN Condition 3.
(d)
Payment of Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made and the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event:
(i)
save for the portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes, payment of the remaining portion (if any) of suspended interest will be made 
five Reference Business Days after the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is 
delivered; and
(ii)
payment of the portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the 
Notes will be not be made and the accrual of interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of 
the Notes prior to such Interest Payment Date will be determined in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 3(e) (Accrual of Interest on a Credit Event).
(e)
Accrual of Interest on a Credit Event
If a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity during the 
Notice Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in Master Condition 7 (Interest), interest shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue on 
the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note (or, in the case of Linear Basket 2 CLNs only, 
on the portion of the Notes equal to the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity) from and

--- Page 232 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
232
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if no such immediately preceding 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date).
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (if any) shall, in the case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs, Index Linked 
CLNs or Credit Linked Notes to which an M(M)R Restructuring applies, continue to accrue on the 
remaining portion of each Credit Linked Note then outstanding (if any).
(f)
Adjustment Payment
If, in accordance with the provisions above, following the determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee that an Event Determination Date has occurred, ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that such 
Event Determination Date occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined to be 
the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred, or an Event Determination Date is determined 
to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will determine, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) 
to reflect any scheduled payment that would have been due on the basis of such announcement 
but was not paid in respect of the Notes or any reduction in any subsequent amount that would 
otherwise subsequently be payable to the Noteholders to reflect any payment that was paid but 
would not have been due on the basis of such announcement in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such 
adjustment payment.
4
Maturity Date Extension
(a)
Where the Calculation Agent considers that, on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more 
Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period Extension” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay or, (iii) if 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, it shall notify the Issuer two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (with a copy to the Swap Counterparty and the Issuing and Paying Agent) that each Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be 
redeemed instead on the Extended Maturity Date, and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the 
Noteholders), will give an equivalent notice to the Noteholders.
(b)
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note to which the 
provisions of Additional CLN Condition 4(a) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended 
Maturity Date and shall be payable (i) where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Postponement 
Interest is applicable, with interest accrued on the unpaid amount payable at the relevant 
Postponement Rate (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that Postponement Interest is not applicable, without any interest or other sum 
payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount.
5
Exercise Amounts in respect of M(M)R Restructuring
(a)
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event
(i)
Where a relevant Event Determination Date occurs as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Linear Basket 2 CLN, in respect of which the Swap 
Counterparty will not have the right to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes following an 
M(M)R Restructuring (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms)), then:

--- Page 233 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
233
(A)
the Swap Counterparty may elect under the CDS the nominal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies (the amount so specified, 
the “Exercise Amount”), which Exercise Amount must be:
(I)
an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if 
Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) and an integral multiple thereof, provided 
that it cannot exceed either (x) in the case of Single Name CLNs or First-to-
Default Basket CLNs, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes immediately prior to the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or (y) in the 
case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the then prevailing 
Reference Entity Outstanding Amount; or 
(II)
the then prevailing Reference Entity Outstanding Amount, in each case 
immediately prior to the delivery of the Credit Event Notice;
(B)
if the Swap Counterparty does not specify an Exercise Amount, then (i) in the case of 
Single Name CLNs or First-to-Default Basket CLNs, the outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount or (ii) in the case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity, and not a portion thereof, will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount; and
(C)
accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional CLN 
Conditions, where an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event has occurred and the Swap 
Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount that is less than the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity (in the case 
of Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs) or the outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (in the case of Single Name CLNs or First-to-
Default Basket CLNs) as at the date immediately prior to the relevant Event 
Determination Date, the provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to a nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise 
Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly.
If the Swap Counterparty has notified the Issuer within three Reference Business Days of the 
initial relevant Event Determination Date of an Exercise Amount that is less than the relevant
Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity, 
then the Swap Counterparty may subsequently specify one or more Exercise Amounts in 
respect of such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event by giving notice to the Issuer (copied to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent) at any time prior to the Maturity 
Date. In such circumstances, the Swap Counterparty’s notice shall be deemed to have been 
a Credit Event Notice that has triggered a relevant Event Determination Date on the date of 
delivery.
(ii)
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty shall not 
have the right to trigger a partial redemption of Linear Basket 2 CLNs following an M(M)R 
Restructuring and, accordingly, this Additional CLN Condition 5(a) shall not apply to Linear 
Basket 2 CLNs. For the avoidance of doubt, where a relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring in the case of a Linear Basket 2 CLN, each 
Credit Linked Note will redeem in full without the need for the Swap Counterparty to elect an 
Exercise Amount under the CDS and regardless of whether the Swap Counterparty attempts 
to elect an Exercise Amount that is less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 234 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
234
(b)
Partial redemption in respect of M(M)R Restructuring
If, in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount 
in relation to a Reference Entity that is less than the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes (in the case of Single Name CLNs and First-to-Default Basket CLNs) or the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount (in the case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs and Index Linked 
CLNs) then:
(i)
the relevant provisions of Additional CLN Condition 6 (Auction Redemption Terms) or 7 (Cash 
Redemption Terms) or Additional CLN Condition 10 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) 
relating to redemption of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount (and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, shall also apply, in the case of First-to-Default Basket CLNs, to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of each Non-Affected Reference Entity), including for the 
purposes of calculating the Early Cash Redemption Amount;
(ii)
following any payment of an Early Cash Redemption Amount or any other determination 
made in respect of any Exercise Amount, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise Amount (and, 
for Linear Basket 1 CLN and Index Linked CLNs, the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Notional Amounts comprising the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series shall be reduced 
accordingly). An amount of Credit Linked Notes equal (in aggregate) to the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount, as reduced to account for such Exercise Amount, shall 
remain outstanding (the “Reference Entity Outstanding Amount”) and the Swap 
Counterparty may thereafter deliver one or more further notices electing another Exercise 
Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (which shall be deemed to be Credit Event 
Notices) in respect of such Reference Entity Outstanding Amount; and
(iii)
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions and/or 
the relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to account 
for such event, including the basis of the calculation of any Early Cash Redemption Amount.
Following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, in respect of First-to-Default 
Basket CLNs, where the Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount in relation to the 
Affected Reference Entity that is less than relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount then, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced such 
that the only the Reference Entity Outstanding Amount of the Affected Reference Entity shall remain 
outstanding.
This Additional CLN Condition 5(b) shall not apply to Linear Basket 2 CLNs (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms).
(c)
Subsequent Credit Events
For the avoidance of doubt:
(i)
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN and a Linear Basket 2 CLN, once an M(M)R 
Restructuring has occurred, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect of 
any Reference Entity other than the Affected Reference Entity; and
(ii)
in the case of a Linear Basket 1 CLN and an Index Linked CLN, the fact that a Restructuring 
Credit Event has occurred shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of 
any Non-Affected Reference Entity.
If the provisions of this Additional CLN Condition 5 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on 
any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the

--- Page 235 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
235
Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to 
reflect such redemption in part.
6
Auction Redemption Terms
(a)
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Auction Redemption applies
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, redeemed in 
full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as provided for in Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), if a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred with 
respect to any Reference Entity and “Auction Redemption” is applicable, then, following the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date:
(i)
the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value will be determined as soon as 
reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference Business Days following the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date (the date upon which the Credit Event Loss Amount 
and the Affected Swap Value have been determined being the “Credit Event Valuation 
Date”);
(ii)
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the 
Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five 
Reference Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and
(iii)
the Issuer shall redeem:
(A)
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit Linked 
Notes are Single Name CLNs, Linear Basket 2 CLNs or First-to-Default Basket CLNs, 
each Credit Linked Note in whole on the relevant Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Cash Redemption Amount; or
(B)
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit Linked 
Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, (1) a portion of the principal
amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion (determined by 
reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect 
of which the Credit Event occurred) on the relevant Early Redemption Date at the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the remaining portion of each Credit Linked 
Note at its Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date; or
(C)
if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, (1) a portion of the principal 
amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note (if any) at its Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (save that (where permitted) if another Credit Event Notice 
is delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, such further Applicable Proportion 
of the Credit Linked Notes determined by reference to the Exercise Amount specified 
in the additional Credit Event Notice shall be redeemed in accordance with these 
Additional CLN Conditions),
in each case irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing.

--- Page 236 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
236
Payment by the Issuer of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note.
(b)
Fallback Redemption
Without prejudice to the foregoing, but without duplication of settlement, if the Calculation Agent 
determines:
(i)
except where the Swap Counterparty exercises the Movement Option on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6(c) (Movement 
Option), that with respect to a Credit Event, no Applicable Auction is being, or will be, held; 
or
(ii)
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question, 
Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that (A) an Auction Cancellation Date has 
occurred, (B) a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where 
such No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or sub-
paragraph (c)(ii) under the definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Swap 
Counterparty has not exercised the Movement Option), (C) a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal occurs or (D) no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the date falling three Reference Business Days after such relevant Event Determination Date,
then Cash Redemption shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7 (Cash Redemption Terms).
(c)
Movement Option
If “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “No Auction Announcement 
Date”, and the Swap Counterparty at any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, 
provides notice of such exercise of the Movement Option to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent) (who shall (or the Issuing and Paying Agent shall, having 
been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, 
on its behalf) send an equivalent notice to the Noteholders) then, provided that the related Event 
Determination Date is not reversed on or prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, redemption 
of the Applicable Proportion of Credit Linked Notes, shall take place by payment by the Issuer of 
the Early Cash Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date, for which purposes the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Date shall be determined by reference to the 
relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap Counterparty exercises 
the Movement Option, all references in these Additional CLN Conditions to “Applicable Auction”, 
“Applicable Auction Credit Derivatives Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” and “Auction 
Final Price Determination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the “Parallel Auction”, “Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms” and “Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” and the terms of these 
Additional CLN Conditions shall be construed accordingly.
(d)
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable Auction 
reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or 
Package Observable Bond(s) (as applicable) (including any cash forming part of the Asset Package 
and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable Instrument), the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Auction Final Price. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price of the entire relevant Asset
Package, as determined above, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to the Auction 
Final Price and/or the Early Cash Redemption Amount as it deems necessary to reflect the value of

--- Page 237 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
237
the Asset Package and to preserve the economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
and for such purposes the Calculation Agent may take into account any method of determining the 
Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial 
Instrument forming part of the Asset Package but that has not been taken into in the Auction Final 
Price that may be published by the DC Secretary.
7
Cash Redemption Terms
(a)
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Cash Redemption applies
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, redeemed in 
full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled as provided for in Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), and subject to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC 
Announcements), if (i) a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to any 
Reference Entity, and (ii) Auction Redemption does not apply pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 
6(b) (Fallback Redemption) then Cash Redemption shall apply and following the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Commencement Date:
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine (A) the Value of the Valuation Obligations in 
accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7(b) (Determination of the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations), (B) the Credit Event Loss Amount and (C) the Affected Swap Value as soon as 
reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference Business Days following the 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date (the date upon which the Credit Event Loss Amount and 
the Affected Swap Value have been determined being the “CDS Cash Redemption 
Valuation Date”);
(ii)
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the 
Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within five 
Reference Business Days following the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in accordance 
with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and
(iii)
the Issuer shall redeem:
(A)
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit Linked 
Notes are Single Name CLNs, Linear Basket 2 CLNs or First-to-Default Basket CLNs, 
each Credit Linked Note in whole on the relevant Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount; or
(B)
if the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, where the Credit Linked 
Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, (1) a portion of the principal 
amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion (determined by 
reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect 
of which the Credit Event occurred) on the relevant Early Redemption Date at the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the remaining portion of each Credit Linked 
Note at its Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date; or
(C)
if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, (1) a portion of the principal 
amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Applicable Proportion on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount and (2) the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note (if any) at its Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (save that (where permitted) if another Credit Event Notice

--- Page 238 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
238
is delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, such further Applicable Proportion 
of the Credit Linked Notes determined by reference to the Exercise Amount specified 
in the additional Credit Event Notice shall be redeemed in accordance with these 
Additional CLN Conditions),
in each case irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing.
Payment by the Issuer of the Early Cash Redemption Amount shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note.
(b)
Determination of the Value of the Valuation Obligations
(i)
The Value of the Valuation Obligations will be determined by the Calculation Agent within 
120 Reference Business Days of the relevant Event Determination Date (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the date of such determination being the “Valuation 
Obligation Valuation Date”.
(ii)
If:
(A)
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest;
(B)
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or
(C)
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the
relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof.
(iii)
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after determining the Value 
of the Valuation Obligations, notify the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent in writing of (A) the Valuation Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which the Calculation Agent has used to calculate the Value of the Valuation 
Obligations, and (B) the Value of the Valuation Obligations and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice 
addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) (provided that any failure to 
give such notice to the Noteholders shall not affect any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes).
(iv)
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond specified in the notice to the Trustee may be satisfied by 
valuation of the related Asset Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having 
the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it corresponds immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a Quotation shall 
be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as applicable) equal to zero, and (C) 
for any other Asset Package the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Asset 
Package and a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for such valuation provided

--- Page 239 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
239
that the Calculation Agent may obtain Quotations for some or all of the components of the 
Asset Package and/or take account of any method of determining the Asset Market Value of 
any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument that may be 
published by the DC Secretary.
8
Liquidation and Early Redemption
Following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date and an Early Redemption 
Commencement Date in respect of a Series (or, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes 
apply, a Class), for the purposes of determining the Early Cash Redemption Amount payable on the 
relevant Early Redemption Date and redeeming such Notes the following shall apply:
(a)
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable 
Proportion in accordance with Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process), but for this purpose:
(i)
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate an amount of the Collateral (or, where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable 
Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference 
Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the Valuation 
Obligation Valuation Date, as the case may be (the “Credit Liquidation Period”); and
(ii)
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-in, firm 
executable bid price (a “Collateral Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase an amount 
of the Collateral (or, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant 
Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable Proportion on a day within the Credit Liquidation 
Period, and it shall sell such amount of Collateral on such a date to the Quotation Dealer who 
provides the highest Collateral Quotation, save that where no Quotations are obtained, the 
Disposal Agent shall determine the fair market value of the Collateral (or, where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable 
Proportion,
and for the avoidance of doubt, where the Credit Liquidation Period and/or number of Quotations to 
be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant Credit Liquidation Period and/or number 
of Quotations to be obtained shall be set out in the applicable Issue Terms;
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Affected Swap Value as soon as reasonably practicable, 
and in any event on a day within the Credit Liquidation Period;
(c)
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, in respect of a Class of Credit Linked Notes 
for which the Specified Currency is not the Base Currency, the Disposal Agent shall make 
arrangements for the Issuer to convert the relevant Early Cash Redemption Amount, into the 
Specified Currency at the spot foreign exchange rate prevailing at 5:00 p.m. London time (or such 
other time as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on the relevant Credit Event Valuation Date 
or CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, for sale of the relevant non-Specified 
Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency; and
(d)
following such Liquidation and, where applicable, conversion into the Specified Currency in 
accordance with the foregoing sub-paragraphs of this Additional CLN Condition 8, the Disposal 
Agent shall transfer such realised monies to the relevant Cash Accounts (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Issuer held with the Custodian not later than one Business Day prior to the date 
on which the Issuer is to make any payment to the Noteholders or Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 240 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
240
9
Effect of DC Announcements
(a)
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement
If an Event Determination Date is subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, an Early Redemption Date or the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the 
Reference Entity for the purposes of these Additional CLN Conditions.
(b)
Linear Basket 1 CLNs and Index Linked CLNs
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms provided that, other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date 
shall apply only once to each such Reference Entity.
(c)
Redemption Suspension
If, following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date or, to the extent applicable, an Auction Final Price Determination Date or a 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement, all timing requirements in these Additional CLN Conditions 
that pertain to settlement shall toll and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such 
suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of 
such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume 
on the Reference Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The 
Calculation Agent shall deliver to the Issuer, and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having 
been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, 
on its behalf) shall deliver a notice in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders giving notice of any suspension or resumption of timing requirements pursuant to this 
Additional CLN Condition 9.
10
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms
(a)
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount
Subject to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements), if a relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred with respect to any Reference Entity and “Fixed Recovery 
Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition as a result of which a Credit Linked Note has, or is in the process of being, redeemed in 
full and such Credit Linked Note has not been purchased and cancelled, then following the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Commencement Date:
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Affected Swap 
Value as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Reference Business 
Days following the relevant Event Determination Date (the date upon which the Credit Event 
Loss Amount and the Affected Swap Value have been determined being the “Fixed 
Recovery Valuation Date”);

--- Page 241 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
241
(ii)
the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of an amount of the Collateral (or, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the relevant Class Collateral) equal to the 
Applicable Proportion as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within five 
Reference Business Days following the relevant Event Determination Date in accordance 
with Additional CLN Condition 8 (Liquidation and Early Redemption); and
(iii)
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note on the Early 
Redemption Date at the Early Cash Redemption Amount.
(b)
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the Early Redemption Date shall fully and effectively 
discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked 
Note. For the avoidance of doubt, following the occurrence of an applicable Early Redemption Date 
the Issuer shall not be required to make any payment to the Noteholder on account of principal 
and/or interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion.
11
Successor Provisions
(a)
Successor determinations
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of 
the determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations.
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Additional 
CLN Condition 11(a), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession.
(b)
Multiple Successors
Following a Succession Date if more than one Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or of the Trustee or any other 
Transaction Party being required to reflect the following terms:
(i)
each Successor will be a Reference Entity and more than one Credit Event may occur during 
the Term of the Credit Linked Notes in respect thereof but, subject to Additional CLN 
Condition 5 (Exercise Amounts in respect of M(M)R Restructuring), once only in relation to 
each Successor;
(ii)
where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such Succession Date:
(a)
where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index 
Linked CLNs, the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole in respect of a 
Successor (except where it is the last remaining Reference Entity) but instead the 
provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount represented by that Reference Entity only after 
division in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Credit Linked Notes shall be

--- Page 242 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
242
redeemed in part and the Additional CLN Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly; and
(b)
where the Credit Linked Notes are First-to-Default Basket CLNs or Linear Basket 2 
CLNs, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem in whole in respect of a Successor and the 
Additional CLN Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly;
(iii)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity will be divided equally 
between the number of Successors and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
type of Reference Entity (including any relevant Reference Entity Obligation and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) by reference to market 
practice in such type of Reference Entity;
(iv)
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, then it will be 
deemed to be a Reference Entity only once, and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise 
applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, as applicable); and
(v)
upon the identification of any Successor, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Noteholders giving details of any such Successors and/or any amendments 
made to the Conditions, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity 
of such event and any amendments made to the Conditions to give effect to such event.
(c)
Exchange offer
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of the 
definition of “Successor” shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans.
(d)
Joint Potential Successors
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (a) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or 
obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.
(e)
Eligible Successors
An entity may only be a Successor if:
(i)
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or 
(B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred 
on or after 1 January 2014;
(ii)
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to 
the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity; and
(iii)
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations 
by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.

--- Page 243 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
243
12
Multiple Holder Obligation
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then none 
of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall constitute a 
Restructuring unless the Reference Entity Obligation is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where “Multiple 
Holder Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which constitutes 
a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Reference Entity 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (b) shall 
be deemed to be satisfied where the Reference Entity Obligation is a Bond).
13
Reference Obligation
(a)
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation
(i)
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard 
Reference Obligation, which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List published by ISDA on its 
website at https://www.isda.org/ from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a 
third party designated by ISDA for such purposes (if any), provided that:
(a)
if there is no Standard Reference Obligation; and
(b)
a Reference Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purposes of 
comprising a Non-Standard Reference Obligation,
the relevant Reference Obligation shall be (x) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (y) the 
Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation.
(ii)
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be each Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Entity.
(b)
Substitute Reference Obligation
(i)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-
paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b) to replace such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an 
obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such 
obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.
(ii)
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Additional CLN 
Condition 13(b)). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Substitution

--- Page 244 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
244
Event” has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to 
be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, 
until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation.
(iii)
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date:
(A)
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee);
(B)
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change in the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and
(C)
(I)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:
1.
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if 
no such obligation is available; or
2.
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”;
(II)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:
1.
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,
2.
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if 
no such obligation is available,
3.
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available,
4.
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or
(III)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date:
1.
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available,
2.
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 245 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
245
3.
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if 
no such obligation is available,
4.
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”.
(iv)
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b), the Substitute 
Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely 
preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent 
will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify the Issuer of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b) and the 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
immediately upon such notification.
(v)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this 
Additional CLN Condition 13(b) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 13(b), the Calculation Agent may continue 
to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation.
(c)
Reference Obligation Only Series
(i)
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occurs with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Series in respect of a Reference Entity to which 
“Reference Obligation Only” applies, and such Reference Obligation is the only Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be redeemed at the fair market value of the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked 
Notes determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Substitution Event Date. The Calculation 
Agent shall deliver to the Issuer and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been 
supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, 
on its behalf) shall deliver a notice in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders stating the occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the Early 
Redemption Date in respect thereof, which shall be a date not earlier than the relevant 
Substitution Event Date.
(ii)
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, and (b) if the events set out 
in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation.
(d)
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution
Notwithstanding the provision of this Additional CLN Condition 13, the Calculation Agent shall select 
as the Substitute Reference Obligation for a Series an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity

--- Page 246 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
246
which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference Obligation to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation.
14
LPN Reference Entities
In respect of each Reference Entity, if the applicable “Transaction Type” is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the following provisions shall apply:
(a)
Multiple Holder Obligation will be “Not Applicable” with respect to any Reference Obligation (and 
any Underlying Loan);
(b)
each Reference Obligation will be a Reference Entity Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Additional CLN Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is 
not an obligation of the Reference Entity;
(c)
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Additional CLN Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an 
obligation of such Reference Entity;
(d)
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying 
Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the 
Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference 
Obligation; and
(e)
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be 
construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of such Reference Entity.
15
Change in Standard Hedging Terms
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Standard Hedging Terms has occurred, it may (but 
has no obligation to) make such amendments to the terms of any of the Notes and/or the Transaction 
Documents as it determines (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) are appropriate 
to account for the effect (including, without limitation, the economic effect) of such Change in Standard 
Hedging Terms on any hedging activities the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) may enter 
into in connection with the Notes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment that would affect the rights, obligations or duties of any of 
the Trustee, Issuing and Paying Agent, Paying Agent or Custodian can only be made with the agreement 
of any such person.
The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the relevant Transaction Parties (including the Issuing and 
Paying Agent), the relevant clearing system(s) and the Noteholders in writing (such notice, an 
“Amendment Notice”) and, ten Business Days following the Calculation Agent giving such Amendment 
Notice, such amendments shall be binding on the Issuer, the relevant Transaction Parties and the 
Noteholders.
16
Definitions
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with the 
Additional CLN Conditions:
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason 
of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms 
of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws.

--- Page 247 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
247
“Additional LPN” means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an “LPN”) by an entity 
(the “LPN Issuer”) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to:
(a)
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the “Underlying Loan”); or
(b)
provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument (the “Underlying Finance Instrument”),
provided that,
(i)
either
(A)
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN such Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity; or
(B)
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN 
such Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic 
Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics;
(ii)
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not 
Domestic Issuance; and
(iii)
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest 
over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs.
“Additional Obligation” means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference 
Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which list is currently available at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html.
“Affected Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date has occurred.
“Affected Swap Gain” means (i) where the Affected Swap Value would be payable to the Issuer, the 
absolute value of the Affected Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.
“Affected Swap Loss” means (i) where the Affected Swap Value would be payable to the Swap 
Counterparty, the absolute value of the Affected Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.
“Affected Swap Value” means, for the purposes of the Credit Event Valuation Date or CDS Cash
Redemption Valuation Date or Fixed Recovery Valuation Date, as applicable, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the 
Related Swap) of the Related Swap that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, under the Related Swap upon a termination of the Related Swap on 
the Credit Event Valuation Date or CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. Such Early 
Termination Amount shall be determined on the basis that:
(a)
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party;
(b)
the Related Swap:
(i)
in the case of Credit Linked Notes other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs, relates to (x) a notional 
amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Applicable Proportion; and (y) a principal amount 
of Original Collateral equal to the Applicable Proportion;
(ii)
in the case of Linear Basket 2 CLNs:

--- Page 248 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
248
(A)
includes the portion of the CDS relating to each Non-Affected Reference Entity; and
(B)
excludes the portion of the CDS relating to the Affected Reference Entity;
(c)
where the Credit Linked Series of Notes comprises Classes, the Related Swap is deemed for this 
purpose to comprise only the Swap Transaction in respect of the relevant Class and the portion of 
the Credit Support Annex relating thereto;
(d)
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Early Termination Amount payable by the Issuer shall be 
limited to the prevailing value of a principal amount of Original Collateral (or, where the Credit Linked 
Series of Notes comprises Classes, the Class Collateral) equal to the Applicable Proportion on the 
Credit Event Valuation Date, CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date or Fixed Recovery Valuation 
Date;
(e)
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Related Swap applies 
but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof; and
(f)
where either of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty have a Credit Support Balance under the Credit 
Support Annex, such Credit Support Balance (or, where the Series comprises Classes, a proportion 
of such Credit Support Balance determined to relate to the Swap Transaction for the relevant Class) 
shall be taken into account in determining an Unpaid Amount.
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person.
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, on any date thereafter, the 
aggregate nominal amount of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series outstanding on such date, taking 
into account any amortisations, partial redemptions (including pursuant to the Additional CLN Conditions) 
and further issues of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or prior to such date.
“Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 15 (Change in Standard 
Hedging Terms).
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the 
terms of the Series, is relevant to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Reference Entity 
Obligations thereof and which relates to deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s), as applicable, under the Credit Linked Notes (or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has occurred, which relates to the Asset Package for obligations which would 
constitute Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable, under the Credit 
Linked Notes) (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference entity, obligations and 
deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, 
the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes and the scheduled termination date of the credit 
derivatives transactions covered by the Auction and the maturity date of the deliverable obligations to which 
the Auction relates.
“Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, 
a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, are relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference entity, obligation(s), 
deliverable obligations, Package Observable Bonds and Prior Deliverable Obligations (as applicable)

--- Page 249 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
249
which are the subject of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and the Credit Events, 
Reference Entities and Reference Entity Obligations and Deliverable Obligations under the Credit Linked 
Notes. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms have been published with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event.
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series is relevant to the Credit Linked 
Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives transaction(s), 
credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof to which such DC Credit Event Announcement 
relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes.
“Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is 
relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the 
subject of the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement).
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question” means a DC Credit Event Question which the Calculation Agent 
determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, 
reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC Credit Event Question).
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal).
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC No 
Credit Event Announcement and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and Reference Entity Obligations 
thereof under the Credit Linked Notes.
“Applicable Proportion” means, in respect of a relevant Event Determination Date:
(a)
where the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN, a First-to-Default Basket CLN or a Linear 
Basket 2 CLN and redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 100 per 
cent.; or
(b)
where the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket 1 CLN or an Index Linked CLN and redemption is 
not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Weighting of the Affected Reference 
Entity; or
(c)
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event:
(i)
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the Affected 
Reference Entity divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes;
(ii)
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the sum of (A) the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating 
to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity,

--- Page 250 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
250
divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount and (B) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of each outstanding Non-Affected Reference Entity (if any);
(iii)
in the case of a Linear Basket 2 CLN, 100 per cent.; or
(iv)
in the case of a Linear Basket 1 CLN or an Index Linked CLN, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount,
provided that where the Applicable Proportion is applied pursuant to an Additional CLN Condition 
in respect of:
(A)
any Collateral, Original Collateral or Class Collateral, it shall be construed as applying 
to the outstanding nominal amount of such Collateral, Original Collateral or Class 
Collateral, or
(B)
the entire Series or, where applicable, relevant Class of Credit Linked Notes (and not 
to a Credit Linked Note individually) or is being used to determine the Credit Event 
Loss Amount, it shall be applied to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes or relevant Class, as applicable.
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof and any other 
factor to which the DC Resolution relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) any hedging 
transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes).
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation Agent 
determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or 
provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If 
the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be 
zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance 
as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as applicable) to which it 
corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event.
“Asset Package Credit Event” means:
(a)
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if “Restructuring” is specified as applicable

--- Page 251 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
251
in the relevant Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental 
Intervention; and
(b)
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, a Restructuring,
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement.
“Asset Package Delivery” will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event 
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “Sovereign 
Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Issue Terms, it 
shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset 
Package Delivery shall not apply thereto.
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then 
a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent.
“Auction” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, unless otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is 
to be determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms.
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was deemed to have 
been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the administrators specified in the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date as determined and 
announced in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in 
respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable 
Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or, if an Asset Package Credit Event has resulted in such 
Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or a Package Observable Bond under the Credit Linked Notes, determined to be the Auction Final Price in 
accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. The Calculation Agent 
shall as soon as practicable after publication of the Auction Final Price in respect of an Applicable Auction, 
send a notice to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Swap Counterparty) setting 
out the Auction Final Price and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been provided with a 
notice addressed to the Noteholders by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall give an 
equivalent notice to the Noteholders. If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the entire relevant Asset Package (including 
any cash forming part of the Asset Package and any cash in respect of the Asset Market Value of any 
Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable Instrument), the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment as it deems necessary to the Auction Final Price in accordance with Additional CLN Condition
6(d) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) to ensure that the entire relevant Asset Package is 
reflected.

--- Page 252 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
252
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if any, 
on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing 
in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective, (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up 
or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days 
of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition.
“Basket CLNs” means First-to-Default Basket CLNs, Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Linear Basket 2 CLNs, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated 
debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan.
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).
“CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 7(a) 
(Redemption of Credit Linked Notes where Cash Redemption applies).
“Change in Standard Hedging Terms” will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the terms of 
any hedging activities that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) has or may enter into in 
connection with a Series of Notes will or may change as a result of, without limitation, modification pursuant 
to any protocol published by ISDA or any equivalent market arrangement (in each case as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner); or (b) market standard 
terms or market trading conventions in the credit derivatives market have changed since the Initial Trade 
Date of such Notes.
“Collateral Proceeds” means the Specified Currency Proceeds, save that the amount of Collateral 
Liquidated in respect of the Credit Linked Notes shall be equal to the Applicable Proportion, or, where the

--- Page 253 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
253
applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the Applicable Proportion of the Class Collateral, with 
the result being rounded up to the nearest tradable unit of the Original Collateral, if required.
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the 
consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each 
case, as of the date on which it is due to be delivered into an Auction, provided, however, that a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent 
of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent 
of the relevant obligor of the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is 
required for such novation, assignment or transfer to so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification 
of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered 
to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”.
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”.
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent.
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at https://www.isda.org/ (or 
any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation 
Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall 
determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give 
effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant to the DC 
Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions.
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise 
constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence 
arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:
(a)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Reference 
Entity Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;
(b)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Reference Entity Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;
(c)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, 
or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described; or
(d)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.

--- Page 254 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
254
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means (a) for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event 
(or, with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) 
the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.
“Credit Event Loss Amount” means, with respect to a Credit Event Valuation Date (if Auction Redemption 
applies), CDS Cash Redemption Valuation Date (if Cash Redemption applies) or Fixed Recovery Valuation 
Date (if Fixed Recovery Redemption applies), as applicable:
(i)
in the case of Credit Linked Notes other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater of:
(a)
zero; and
(b)
the product of (I) the Applicable Proportion and (II) 100 per cent. minus either (x) if Auction 
Redemption applies, the Auction Final Price, (y) if Cash Redemption applies, the Value of 
the Valuation Obligations, or (z) if Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage, as applicable; and
(ii)
in the case of Linear Basket 2 CLNs, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in the Base 
Currency equal to the greater of:
(a)
zero; and
(b)
the product of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity and 
(II) 100 per cent. minus either (x) if Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Final Price or 
(y) if Cash Redemption applies, the Value of the Valuation Obligations, as applicable.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Credit Event Loss Amount may be adjusted where, pursuant to Section 
2.2(a) of the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, one or more Successors are identified in relation to the 
Reference Entity.
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, which the 
Swap Counterparty has the right but not the obligation to deliver, that:
(a)
identifies the Series to which the Credit Event Notice relates; and
(b)
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior 
to the Extension Date.
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in respect 
of the full principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes in the relevant Series (or, in respect of Linear Basket 
1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes).
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee

--- Page 255 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
255
Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with 
respect to such DC Credit Event Question.
“Credit Event Settlement Method” means “Auction Redemption” or “Fixed Recovery Redemption”, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Credit Event Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 6(a) (Redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes where Auction Redemption applies).
“CUSIP” means, with respect to a security, the “CUSIP” identification number assigned to such security (if 
any).
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, 
the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 14 calendar 
days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a Credit Event for the purposes of the relevant Series has occurred on or after the 
Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit Event occurred 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential 
Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in 
the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened 
to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event in 
respect to a Reference Entity of the relevant Series has occurred.
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event 
with respect to such Reference Entity.
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance 
with the definition of “Resolve” below.
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
website https://www.isda.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.
“DC Secretary” means ISDA or such other entity designated as DC Secretary in accordance with the DC 
Rules.
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event.
“Deliverable Obligation” means, if Auction Redemption applies:

--- Page 256 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
256
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the “Method for determining Deliverable Obligations” below;
(b)
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity;
(c)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and
(d)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, “Financial Reference 
Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or any Package Observable 
Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign),
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event).
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations
A Deliverable Obligation shall be each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, as of the date on which such 
obligation is to be delivered in an Auction (the “Delivery Date”) (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms).
If an obligation would have been capable of being specified as a Deliverable Obligation immediately prior 
to a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, such obligation (as in effect after such Credit Event) 
shall continue to be able to constitute a Deliverable Obligation after the occurrence of such Credit Event. 
If it is not possible or reasonably practicable to specify any Reference Entity Obligation as a Deliverable 
Obligation of the Reference Entity because there is or will be no Deliverable Obligation in existence at any 
time, the Calculation Agent shall designate by notice (which shall be in writing (including by email)) to the 
Issuer one or more bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or other obligations which have been or will be 
issued in exchange, whether pursuant to a mandatory or voluntary exchange, for one or more bonds, 
loans, instruments, certificates or obligations of the Reference Entity that would have been capable of 
being specified as a Deliverable Obligation immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event 
of the Reference Entity, provided, that failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the effectiveness of 
such designation.
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation” below, 
except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of “Reference Obligation 
Only” shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only).
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation” below), Assignable Loan, 
Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer.
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify criteria 
for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations.
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Noteholder

--- Page 257 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
257
that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments 
due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be 
entered into between each Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender 
or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or member of the relevant lending 
syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign).
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not 
a Sovereign.
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity.
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of 
such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, 
determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the as of the date on which 
it is due to be delivered into an Auction or (B) the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as applicable.
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Master 
Conditions, in respect of each Credit Linked Note:
(a)
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early pursuant to the Additional Redemption Event 
specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event), 
an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to that Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount 
denominated in the Specified Currency equivalent to the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in the Base Currency equal to the greater of:
(i)
zero; and
(ii)
the Collateral Proceeds; plus
(A)
the Affected Swap Gain (if any); minus
(B)
the Affected Swap Loss (if any); minus
(C)
the Credit Event Loss Amount (if any); plus
(D)
where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, the Swap Counterparty CSA 
Interest Amount (if any); and
(b)
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early otherwise than pursuant to the Additional 
Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event), an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to that Note’s pro rata share of an 
amount denominated in the Specified Currency equivalent to the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the Base Currency equal to the greater of:
(i)
zero; and
(ii)
the Collateral Proceeds; plus

--- Page 258 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
258
(A)
the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement (which shall 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Related Swap(s) and the relevant CDS) that 
is payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any 
interest payable thereon) and is, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
Classes apply, attributable to the relevant Class of Notes; less
(B)
the portion of any Termination Payment in respect the Swap Agreement (which shall 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Related Swap(s) and the relevant CDS) that 
is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any 
interest payable thereon) and is, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
Classes apply, attributable to the relevant Class of Notes; plus
(C)
where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, the Swap Counterparty CSA 
Interest Amount (if any).
“Early Redemption Date” means, where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early pursuant to the 
Additional Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2 (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes), 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Master Conditions, the day falling five Reference Business 
Days after (i) the Credit Event Valuation Date (where Auction Redemption applies), (ii) the CDS Cash 
Redemption Valuation Date (where Cash Redemption applies) or (iii) the Fixed Recovery Valuation Date 
(where Fixed Recovery Redemption applies), as applicable.
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information.
“Eligible Transferee” means
(a)
any:
(i)
bank or other financial institution;
(ii)
insurance or reinsurance company;
(iii)
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified 
in sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and
(iv)
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship),
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000;
(a)
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition;
(b)
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity:
(i)
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) 
that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment 
vehicles under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at 
least USD 100,000,000;
(ii)
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or
(iii)
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and
(c)

--- Page 259 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
259
(i)
any Sovereign; or
(ii)
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other 
currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV.
“Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event:
(a)
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided 
that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or
(b)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if a 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) 
and either:
(i)
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on or prior 
to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or
(ii)
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is delivered by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (or a notice is delivered by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer electing a relevant Exercise Amount and is deemed to be a Credit Event Notice) 
and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-Off Date,
provided that:
(1)
no Early Redemption Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has occurred 
on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs;
(2)
if any Valuation Obligation Valuation Date or date on which a Deliverable Obligation 
is due to be delivered into an Auction, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion of the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Reference Entity to which the Event Determination Date 
relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Obligation Valuation Date or date on 
which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction, as applicable, 
has occurred; and
(3)
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, (aa) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount 
specified in such Credit Event Notice was less than the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not

--- Page 260 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
260
apply to Linear Basket 2 CLNs (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms)), or (cc) unless a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor and 
deliverable obligation provisions as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction 
Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical 
to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Series.
(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and 
any Event Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not 
to have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, or the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, 
as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event.
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means:
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant Issue 
Terms;
(b)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped; and
(c)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event.
“Excluded Obligation” means:
(a)
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms;
(b)
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether 
a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and
(c)
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation.
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Additional CLN Condition 5(a) (M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event).
“Exercise Cut-Off Date” means either:
(a)
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring:
(i)
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be published, the date that 
is seven Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published; or
(ii)
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date,
(b)
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves.
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition
4 (Maturity Date Extension) and no relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes

--- Page 261 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
261
Extension Date, the date falling five Reference Business Days after the Notes Extension Date or, if Maturity 
Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Early Redemption Date.
“Extension Date” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
(b) the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant 
Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
as applicable.
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Reference Entity Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Reference Entity Obligations at the time of such failure. If “Credit Deterioration Requirement” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a 
Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. Notwithstanding that the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the definitions and provisions of the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, any determination relating to this requirement will, unless a DC 
Credit Event Announcement or DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred with respect to the Failure 
to Pay Credit Event specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice, be determined having regard to the 
principles set out in the interpretive guidance note (Exhibit F to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) in the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions published by ISDA on 15 July 2019.
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable 
(as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination.
“Final List” means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior Deliverable 
Obligations (as applicable) and/or Assets which are the subject of the related Auction determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the DC Rules.
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, that Note’s pro rata share of the sum of:
(a)
the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as at the Maturity Date; and
(b)
the Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount (if any).
“First-to-Default Basket CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two 
or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and where a 
relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked 
Notes will fall due for redemption in full at an amount equal in aggregate to the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, for which purpose (i) the Early Termination Amount of the Related Swap will be determined on 
the basis that the Related Swap relates to a notional amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Applicable

--- Page 262 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
262
Proportion and a principal amount of Original Collateral equal to the Applicable Proportion and (ii) the 
Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to the Applicable Proportion.
“First Ranking Interest” means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) 
(an “Interest”), which is expressed as being “first ranking”, “first priority”, or similar (“First Ranking”) in the 
document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any 
insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer).
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a 
Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).
“Fixed Recovery Notes” means a Series for which Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of which the Early Cash Redemption Amount per Credit Linked Note is the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage of the Applicable Proportion of the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked 
Note.
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, in respect of a Fixed Recovery Note, the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Fixed Recovery Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 10 (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption Terms).
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the 
Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for 
a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”.
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto.
“Governmental Authority” means:
(a)
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);
(b)
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; or
(c)
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the 
Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or
(d)
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this 
definition.
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations and 
in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation:

--- Page 263 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
263
(a)
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:
(i)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(ii)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination);
(iii)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or
(iv)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity Obligation;
(b)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Reference Entity Obligation;
(c)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or
(d)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to 
(iii) of this definition.
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee.
“Grace Period” means:
(a)
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation in effect as 
of the date as of which such Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred;
(b)
if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace period 
cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be 
deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and
(c)
if, as of the date as of which a Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period 
with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Reference Entity Obligation; 
provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date.
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Reference Entity Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation 
Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Reference Business Days following the day falling after the 
number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If “Grace Period

--- Page 264 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
264
Extension” is not specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall 
not apply.
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.
“Index” means an Index of Reference Entities as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Index Linked CLN” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of an Index 
comprised of the Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and pursuant to which, on 
each occasion on which a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to 
any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part at an amount determined 
by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such Reference Entity in accordance with 
the relevant Credit Event Settlement Method.
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc., (or any successor organisation 
thereto).
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”.
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-year 
Limitation Date”), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.
“Linear Basket 1 CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in part at an amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
relating to such Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Settlement Method.
“Linear Basket 2 CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and where a 
relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked 
Notes will fall due for redemption in full at an amount equal in aggregate to the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, for which purpose (i) the Early Termination Amount of the Related Swap will be determined on 
the basis that the Related Swap includes the portion of the CDS relating to each Non-Affected Reference 
Entity and excludes the portion of the CDS relating to the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) the Credit 
Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity.
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange.
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. Any 
change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such 
LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is 
issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity 
and each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan; or (b) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of

--- Page 265 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
265
a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument and each such deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument shall be an Underlying Finance Instrument.
“Maturity Date Extension” means an extension determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 
4 (Maturity Date Extension).
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years).
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod 
Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and other 
financial assets.
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date.
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No Auction Announcement 
Date”, the option of the Swap Counterparty to apply the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that 
the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of Auction Redemption.
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-Off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved.
“Multiple Holder Obligation” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 12 (Multiple Holder 
Obligation).
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following 
the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC 
Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or 
more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not 
occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.
“Non-Affected Reference Entity” means, in respect of Basket CLNs and Index Linked CLNs following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date, each Reference Entity in respect 
of which such Event Determination Date has not occurred.
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation.
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” on 
the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable).

--- Page 266 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
266
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for 
being traded in, financial markets.
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation.
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions.
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system.
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency.
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken 
for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended to be 
offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity.
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided 
that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic Law.
“Notes Extension Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last applicable day specified in the definition 
of “Notice Delivery Period” in respect of each Reference Entity with respect to which Maturity Date 
Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and (b) 14 calendar 
days after the DC Credit Event Announcement or (c) the last day of the Post Dismissal Additional Period.
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer.
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date.
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event 
Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information.
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as “Paris Club debt”.

--- Page 267 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
267
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) 
the “Prior Reference Obligation” if applicable.
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Reference Entity Obligations.
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance.
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which a Reference Entity Obligation is 
denominated.
“Obligation Default” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Reference Entity Obligations.
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as a Reference Obligation in the relevant Issue 
Terms (if any is so specified).
The “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation will be calculated as follows:
(a)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of “Accrued Interest”, 
the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a 
Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any);
(b)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) 
of this definition less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b), the “Non-
Contingent Amount”); and
(c)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, in each case, determined: (i) unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of 
the obligation in effect on the date on which an obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction, or 
(B) the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as applicable; and (ii) with respect to the Quantum of 
the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the 
size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation),
in each case, determined:

--- Page 268 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
268
(A)
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the 
date on which an obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction or the Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and
(B)
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price 
or accrued value of the obligation).
For the purposes of subparagraph (B) above, “applicable laws” shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject.
If “Outstanding Principal Balance Fallback Discounting” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under subparagraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue 
price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan 
does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on 
an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond 
or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation 
between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan 
is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as 
applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:
(x)
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the “Original Obligation(s)”) at the time of such exchange (determined without regard 
to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and
(y)
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation.
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original 
Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of 
determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take 
into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.
For purposes of this definition, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which could 
be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the 
time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount.
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation 
(a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at https://www.isda.org/ from time to 
time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to 
time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of

--- Page 269 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
269
the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective.
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms.
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring”, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such an M(M)R 
Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are substantially the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a credit derivatives 
transaction with the same tenor as Series of the Credit Linked Notes would not be an “Auction Covered 
Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or 
repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money.
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate.
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction.
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations:
(a)
as a result of the application of:
(i)
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity;
(ii)
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;
(iii)
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the 
case of any other Guarantee); or
(iv)
provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or
(b)
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such 
as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation.
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by 
any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a 
new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee.
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the “Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix” as most recently 
amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
and as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The Physical

--- Page 270 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
270
Settlement Matrix may be applicable to any Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and one or more Transaction Type(s) are specified 
as applying to the Reference Entity(ies) of such Series.
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)).
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Reference 
Entity Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Reference Entity Obligations.
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”.
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means:
(a)
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within 
the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental 
Intervention was legally effective; or
(b)
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not such event is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any.
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation applicable 
to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the 
obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference 
Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity.
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set-off by or of 
the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor.
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised 
and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to 
the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a

--- Page 271 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
271
Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which (a) has been 
published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader 
or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) 
the Reference Entity (or if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Reference Entity Obligation, or (c) is information 
contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, 
exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; provided that where 
any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, 
it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above in the first 
paragraph of this definition of “Publicly Available Information”, the party receiving such information may 
assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such 
information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference 
Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure 
of such information to the party receiving such information.
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition of 
“Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (b) that the 
relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (ii) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit 
Events.
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”.
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity.
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor 
is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law).
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:
(a)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or
(b)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way 
of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; (iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due 
to: (A) provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference 
Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such 
provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance

--- Page 272 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
272
with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-
payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in 
the definition of “Bankruptcy” in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be 
deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of 
the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) the benefit of such guarantee must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a guarantee 
contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of 
being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee.
For these purposes:
(a)
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable obligation (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to obligations where 
only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the obligations to the 
Swap Counterparty free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor); provided that (i) if the relevant obligation is 
a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in 
favour of the Swap Counterparty and (ii) if the relevant obligation is a Guarantee, “Deliver” means 
to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee 
has a Fixed Cap, “Deliver” means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims 
to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap; and
(b)
“Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly.
“Quotation” means each firm quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the relevant Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, expressed as a percentage of the 
Deliverable Obligation’s Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a Quotation is 
being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, with 
respect to a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in accordance with the Quotation Method.
“Quotation Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Quotation Method not in excess of the Reference Entity Notional Amount or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in 
effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount 
for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such amount as the Calculation Agent determines.
“Quotation Method” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall attempt to obtain Quotations with respect to each Valuation Obligation Valuation Date from five or 
more Quotation Dealers and:
(a)
if four or more Quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent shall disregard the highest and lowest 
quotations and the Quotation Amount shall be the arithmetic mean of the remaining Quotations 
provided that (a) if more than one Quotation has the same highest or lowest value, then one of such

--- Page 273 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
273
Quotations shall be disregarded unless (b) all Quotations have the same value, in which case two 
of such Quotations shall be disregarded;
(b)
if three Quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent shall disregard the highest and lowest 
Quotations and the Quotation Amount shall be the remaining Quotation, provided that (a) if two 
Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such Quotations shall be disregarded 
and (b) if three Quotations have the same value, then two of such Quotations shall be disregarded; 
and
(c)
if two or fewer Quotations are obtained, the Quotation Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the fair value of the relevant Valuation Obligation.
“Reference Entity” means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. Any Successor to the 
Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of “Successor” on 
or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity.
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, in respect of any Reference Entity, the notional amount 
from time to time of credit protection in relation to a Reference Entity, being (and unless otherwise specified
in the applicable Issue Terms):
(a)
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, the Aggregate Nominal Amount; and
(b)
if the Credit Linked Notes are Basket CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the product of (i) the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and (ii) the quotient of (A) the related Weighting and (B) the sum of the Weightings 
of each Reference Entity as of the Trade Date without regard to any Credit Event that may have 
occurred after the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date.
Subject in each case to Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions) relating to the determination 
of successor Reference Entities and provided that, where the Credit Linked Notes are subject to 
redemption or purchase and cancellation in part, or where further securities are issued which are fungible 
with the Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount shall be reduced or, as applicable, 
increased, proportionately.
“Reference Entity Obligation” means:
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, immediately 
prior to, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable; and
(b)
the Reference Obligation,
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation.
“Reference Entity Outstanding Amount” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 5(b) 
(Partial Redemption in respect of M(M)R Restructuring).
“Reference Obligation” means:
(a)
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Standard Reference Obligation, if any;
(b)
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or

--- Page 274 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
274
(c)
if (i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) there 
is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date 
of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from 
such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have 
been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation,
provided that, in respect of each Reference Entity, if the applicable “Transaction Type” is specified as 
“Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation 
means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by 
Markit 
Group 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-Data-CDS, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance with 
the definition of “Additional LPN” as provided in these Additional CLN Conditions, and each Additional 
Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference 
Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional CLN Conditions, and in particular, 
notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be “Not Applicable”. The proviso in respect of “Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation” in these Additional CLN Conditions shall not apply. It is intended that there may be more than 
one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all applicable references in these Additional CLN Conditions 
to “the Reference Obligation” shall be construed as a reference to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other 
provisions of the Additional CLN Obligation shall be construed accordingly. The provisos in respect of 
“Substitution Reference Obligation” and “Substitution Event” in these Additional CLN Conditions shall not 
be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations.
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only.
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered into the Auction or selected by 
the Calculation Agent in the determination of the Value of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be.
“Relevant Obligations” means the Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), 
provided that:
(a)
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by 
the Reference Entity, shall be excluded;
(b)
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the determination required 
to be made under the definition of “Successor”, make the appropriate adjustments required to take 
account of any Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date;

--- Page 275 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
275
(c)
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and
(d)
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall exclude 
Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, 
“Relevant Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity 
were a Senior Reference Entity.
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised officer 
of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole 
or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or 
deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without 
regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default 
Requirement, with respect to any such Reference Entity Obligation that occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Reference Entity Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after 
the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable 
Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Reference Entity Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied.
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date 
that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable 
Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is 
specified not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is 
effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable 
of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity or (ii) an 
event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that 
such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date.
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail

--- Page 276 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
276
of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and 
indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice is effective.
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a specific 
determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed 
accordingly.
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means a Reference Entity Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect 
of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred.
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Reference Entity Obligation, is agreed between the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Reference Entity 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Reference Entity Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Reference Entity 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such 
Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred:
(a)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination);
(b)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination);
(c)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (ii) the payment of principal or premium;
(d)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity Obligation; or
(e)
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other 
than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States 
of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which 
in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring:
(i)
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to a Reference Entity 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;
(ii)
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion;

--- Page 277 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
277
(iii)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and
(iv)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event 
does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) of this 
definition of “Restructuring” only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into 
another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority.
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In 
the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in this definition 
shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in this 
definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such 
exchange.
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation 
Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any 
Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, 
a “Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the 
final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, (a) “Senior Level” or “Subordinated Level” as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, “Senior Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or 
“Subordinated Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, 
failing which (c) “Senior Level”.
“Senior Obligation” means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity.
“Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation(s) or Prior 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation provided that if there is more than one 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, and not all of the Reference Obligations are Senior 
Obligations, then “Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity where “Senior Level” is specified as 
the Seniority Level in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation.

--- Page 278 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
278
“Single Name CLN” means any Series in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity alone.
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, 
the central bank) thereof.
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which 
a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately 
preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring.
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no 
currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified 
Currency, “Specified Currency” shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, 
regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by 
a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, two).
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
https://www.isda.org/ from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time.
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority 
Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List.
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities.
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed.
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation(s) or 
Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation provided that, if there is 
more than one Reference Obligation and not all of the Reference Obligations are Subordinated Reference 
Obligations, then “Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “First Obligation”), a contractual, 
trust or similar arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding

--- Page 279 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
279
up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to 
the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (b) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be 
entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at 
any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
“Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (ii) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which 
it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, then 
the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall 
be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date.
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which 
a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that may replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 13 (Reference 
Obligation).
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference Obligation 
shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the Reference Obligation 
in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation.
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Trustee of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”.
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation:
(a)
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;
(b)
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or
(c)
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, (either directly or 
as provider of a guarantee).
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN code or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, 
constitute a Substitution Event.
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of 
this definition, as the case may be, on the Trade Date.
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of 
the relevant Substitution Event.

--- Page 280 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
280
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of the definition 
of “Successor” would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
(b) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which 
would constitute a Successor.
“Successor” means, subject to Additional CLN Condition 11(e) (Eligible Successors), the entity or entities, 
if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (as 
applicable) as follows:
(i)
subject to sub-paragraph (vii) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
that original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date;
(ii)
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more than 25 
per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and not 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of that original 
Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date;
(iii)
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor 
in respect of a portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity 
outstanding as at the Succession Date (subject to Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor 
Provisions));
(iv)
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more 
than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than 25 per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such 
entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor in respect of a portion of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date 
subject to and in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions);
(v)
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to 
exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity and the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
changed in any way as a result of such succession;
(vi)
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to 
exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor) subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Additional CLN Condition 11 (Successor Provisions); and

--- Page 281 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
281
(vii)
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time of the 
determination either (i) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the sole Successor in respect of the 
relevant Series.
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or 
other agreement), or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the “Exchange Bonds or Loans”) that are 
exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
“succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed accordingly.
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, 
the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Successor Notice is 
effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (ii) the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer not more 
than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the 
Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention.
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes 
a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of 
“Successor”.
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective.
“Suspended Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 3(b) 
(Suspension of Interest).
“Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount” means the amount (if any) of the Interest Amount (as defined 
in the Credit Support Annex) that the Swap Counterparty is obliged to transfer to the Issuer as a result of 
the Credit Linked Notes falling due for redemption (or, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
Classes apply, the portion of such Interest Amount that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner to be attributable to the relevant Class of Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed).
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open.

--- Page 282 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
282
“Term” means the period commencing on and including the Trade Date and ending on and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the Credit Linked Notes.
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms, whether or not the Credit Linked Notes are covered by such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms; provided that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligations Terms are substantially the same as the 
Deliverable Obligations Provisions with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is 
a Restructuring for which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation” is applicable or 
deemed to be applicable, a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes 
would be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.
“Transaction Type” means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix to a 
Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant Issue Terms:
(a)
North American Corporate;
(b)
European Corporate;
(c)
European Financial Corporate;
(d)
Australia Corporate;
(e)
Australia Financial Corporate;
(f)
New Zealand Corporate;
(g)
New Zealand Financial Corporate;
(h)
Japan Corporate;
(i)
Japan Financial Corporate;
(j)
Singapore Corporate;
(k)
Singapore Financial Corporate;
(l)
Asia Corporate;
(m)
Asia Financial Corporate;
(n)
Asia Sovereign;
(o)
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign;
(p)
Japan Sovereign;
(q)
Australia Sovereign;
(r)
New Zealand Sovereign;
(s)
Singapore Sovereign;
(t)
Latin America Sovereign;
(u)
Western European Sovereign,
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time.

--- Page 283 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
283
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions:
(a)
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Notes Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having 
a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);
(b)
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or
(c)
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods.
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.
“Underlying Obligor” means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation.
“Universal Successor” has the meaning given in the definition of Successor.
“Valuation Obligation Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 7 (Cash 
Redemption Terms).
“Valuation Obligations” means, where Cash Redemption applies, one or more obligations, as selected 
by the Calculation Agent, provided such obligations(s) are either a Reference Obligation and/or would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date (and for the purposes of 
interpreting the Deliverable Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, references 
to “the date on which it is due to be delivered in an Auction” shall be read and construed as references to 
the Valuation Obligation Valuation Date).
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably practicable 
to 11:00 a.m. London time, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal market valuing the 
Reference Obligation would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being conducted in 
sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open.
“Value of the Valuation Obligations” means, if “Cash Redemption” applies, the value of the Valuation 
Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance 
with the Quotation Method, provided that for the purposes of identifying the Valuation Obligations, 
references to “the date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction” in the 
definition of “Deliverable Obligation” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Valuation Obligation Valuation 
Date” and provided further that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred any Deliverable Obligation 
which is a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond (as applicable) shall include the 
resulting Asset Package and the Value of the Valuation Obligations for such Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond shall be the Value of the Valuation Obligations for the relevant Asset Package 
determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7(b)(iv) (Determination of the Value of the 
Valuation Obligations).
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or 
similar governing body of an entity.
“Weighting” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the percentage weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Weighting is specified for such Reference Entity, an

--- Page 284 ---
CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
284
amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference 
Entity to which the relevant Credit Event relates, divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, in each case as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise provided in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 285 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
285
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
For the avoidance of doubt, this annex to the CLN Conditions Product Supplement shall not form part 
of the Additional CLN Conditions.
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should 
only be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Terms and Conditions 
in their entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the CLN 
Conditions Product Supplement and as amended, supplemented and varied by the relevant Issue Terms 
(the “Conditions” of the Credit Linked Notes). This section should be treated as an introduction to certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions 
of the Credit Linked Notes.
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meaning specified in 
the Additional CLN Conditions.
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security?
The Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments and the return of par on maturity in the ordinary course (although bear 
in mind that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and recourse is limited to the Mortgaged Property in 
respect of the Notes). However, the Credit Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary 
debt securities of an exposure to the credit of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event occurs in 
relation to a Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Notes.
The amount of interest and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether a Credit Event 
occurs with respect to any Reference Entity and whether an Event Determination Date occurs as a result. 
If no Event Determination Date has occurred and the Calculation Agent does not believe that such an 
event (or a Collateral Event will occur), then the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at their outstanding 
nominal amount on the Maturity Date. If an Event Determination Date occurs, except where such event 
results from a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which there is a partial exercise or where the Credit 
Linked Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, the Notes will be redeemed early in an 
amount in aggregate equal to the Early Cash Redemption Amount, with no further payment of principal or 
interest on the Notes (see further “What is an Event Determination Date?” and “What are Noteholders paid 
if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). The Early Cash Redemption 
Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero (see further 
“What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). 
Interest will cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes (or the Applicable Proportion where they are to 
redeem in part) from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event 
Determination Date or, if there have not been any previous Interest Payment Dates, from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount takes into account the Credit Event Loss Amount which is the 
settlement amount as a result of the Credit Event in relation to the Reference Entity. The greater the Credit 
Event Loss Amount in relation to the Reference Entity, the lower the Early Cash Redemption Amount that 
is payable to the Noteholders in relation to the Notes.
What are Credit Linked Notes?
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest and principal which investors will receive on the Credit Linked 
Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Notes are linked.

--- Page 286 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
286
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entit(y)(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes.
What are Single Name CLNs?
Single Name CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of only one Reference Entity 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. If a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
then each Note will be redeemed in full by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount, being an 
amount calculated as an amount per Note equal to the Specified Currency equivalent of an amount equal 
to the greater of (i) zero and (a) the Collateral Proceeds; plus (b) the Affected Swap Gain payable by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (if any); minus (c) the Affected Swap Loss payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (if any); minus (d) the Credit Event Loss Amount; plus (e) where all Credit Linked Notes 
are being redeemed, the Swap Counterparty CSA Interest Amount.
What are Linear Basket 1 CLNs?
Linear Basket 1 CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or more 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the 
relevant Issue Terms. If a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any 
one of the Reference Entities in the basket then each Linear Basket 1 CLN will be redeemed in part, in 
proportion to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, by payment of the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount calculated as described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. Credit Events, and therefore 
Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to more than one Reference Entity.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the exercised portion of the Notes 
equal to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity.
What are First-to-Default Basket CLNs?
First-to-Default Basket CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or more 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. First-to-Default Basket CLNs are similar to Linear 
Basket 1 CLNs in that they are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket. However, 
if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference 
Entity in the basket, then each First-to-Default CLN will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R 
Restructuring occurs, in part) by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount calculated as described 
under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. A Credit Event, and therefore Event Determination Date, 
may only occur with respect to one of the Reference Entities.
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of First-to-Default 
CLNs in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.
What are Linear Basket 2 CLNs?
Linear Basket 2 CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or more 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Linear Basket 2 CLNs are similar to First-to-
Default Basket CLNs and Linear Basket 1 CLNs in that they are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the basket. However, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entity in the basket, then each Linear Basket 2 CLN will be 
redeemed in full by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount calculated as described under “What 
are Single Name CLNs?” above, for which purpose (i) the Affected Swap Value will include the portion of 
the CDS relating to each Non-Affected Reference Entity and exclude the portion of the CDS relating to the 
Affected Reference Entity and (ii) the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to the

--- Page 287 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
287
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity only. A Credit Event, and therefore 
Event Determination Date, may only occur with respect to one of the Reference Entities.
What are Index Linked CLNs?
Index Linked CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of an index of Reference Entities 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in 
the index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms.
If a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference 
Entities in the index then each Index Linked CLN will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting 
of the Affected Reference Entity, by payment of the Early Cash Redemption Amount calculated as 
described under “What are Single Name CLNs?” above. Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination 
Dates, may occur with respect to more than one Reference Entity.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the exercised portion of the Notes 
equal to the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity.
What are Fixed Recovery Notes?
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as applicable then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and relevant Event Determination Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date shall be calculated as set out in “What are Single Name CLNs?”, “What are Linear Basket 
1 CLNs?”, “What are First-to-Default Basket CLNs?” and “What are Index Linked CLNs?” above, provided 
that instead of the Auction Final Price or Value of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be, the “Fixed 
Recovery Percentage” set out in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply, which may be zero.
What is credit risk?
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain types of transactions of the Reference Entity. This is generally (but not 
exclusively) as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition.
For the Credit Linked Notes, the credit risk is in relation to a broad range of transactions of a Reference 
Entity, and extends to any borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity. Borrowed money 
obligations would include any loan agreements entered into by the Reference Entity and any debt securities 
issued by the Reference Entity.
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of corporate or other actions 
such as a merger or demerger. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater 
than the risks associated with the original Reference Entity.
If the Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event will occur may be 
increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities are concentrated 
in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar financial or other risks.
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference 
Entity?
The Credit Linked Notes give the investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference Entity itself is not 
a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor will not be able to claim 
against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit Event of the Reference Entity. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty is obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or 
otherwise have credit risk exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of a Reference

--- Page 288 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
288
Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to other credit risks in 
relation to, for example, the Original Collateral Obligor, the Custodian and the Swap Counterparty. 
Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may still suffer a loss as a result of 
these other credit risks.
What is ISDA?
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) is a trade organisation of participants 
in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for 
creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives transactions. 
Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are available on ISDA’s 
website: http://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge while others are available 
to subscribers of the website only.
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 800 member institutions from 64 countries. These 
members include a broad range of OTC derivatives market participants.
What is a Credit Event?
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a default or material 
decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity.
Credit Events are determined by reference to the relevant Reference Entity itself and certain eligible types 
of obligations of such Reference Entity which, in relation to the Notes, include loans, debt securities or 
other borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity (“Reference Entity Obligations”). If the 
applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging 
European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, the Obligations of the Reference Entity will include 
loan participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such 
loan participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity.
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a specified 
transaction type in the relevant Issue Terms:
(a)
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Reference Entity 
Obligations, where the failure to pay relates to an amount greater than a pre-determined minimum 
amount;
(b)
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity;
(c)
Restructuring: a restructuring of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends 
key terms of that Reference Entity Obligation as to repayment of principal or payment of interest 
thereunder;
(d)
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity 
before it would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount;
(e)
Obligation Default: a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would 
otherwise be due and payable;
(f)
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates a Reference Entity Obligation in respect 
of a pre-determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of a Reference Entity

--- Page 289 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
289
Obligation in respect of such minimum amount and a failure to pay under such obligation 
subsequently occurs within a specified time period; or
(g)
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or deferral of payment of 
principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in, an expropriation of or the mandatory 
cancellation of a Reference Entity Obligation as the result of an action taken or announcement made 
by a Governmental Authority.
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on the Notes?
If a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves that a Credit Event has occurred in
relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation thereof (see further “What are the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Notes?” below), such Credit Event 
must have occurred during the period from and including the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the date 
on which it first received a request to resolve whether or not such Credit Event has occurred (the “Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date”) to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in 
certain circumstances). Whereas, if the Swap Counterparty determines that a Credit Event has occurred 
in relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation thereof and delivers a Credit Event 
Notice to the Issuer to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to 
consider the same, such Credit Event must have occurred during the period from 60 calendar days prior 
to the earlier of the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice and the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances).
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date?
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and may even occur prior to the Trade 
Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the 
Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details 
of such request may be found on the ISDA website at http://dc.isda.org/.
What is an Event Determination Date?
In order for Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event, it is necessary for a relevant Event 
Determination Date to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a 
notice describing the occurrence of the Credit Event has been delivered (together with, if applicable, a 
notice containing publicly available information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event), or the date 
on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to determine if a certain Credit Event has occurred.
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred?
No. The Swap Counterparty may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a Credit 
Event triggering an Event Determination Date. Such notice may be delivered at any time within the Notice 
Delivery Period including where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved that a 
Credit Event has occurred.
Although the Swap Counterparty may trigger an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event it will only be able to do so if (i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not already 
determined that such an event does not constitute a Credit Event; (ii) it has some information to support 
its determination that a Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice.

--- Page 290 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
290
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, Noteholders will be paid 
their pro rata share of the Early Cash Redemption Amount.
The Early Cash Redemption Amount where Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
is an amount determined with respect to the Notes in the Specified Currency, by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (a) the Collateral Proceeds, plus (b) the Affected Swap Gain in relation to the Swap Agreement (if 
any), minus (c) the Affected Swap Loss in relation to the Swap Agreement (if any), minus (d) the Credit 
Event Loss Amount (if any) and plus (e) where all Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed, any interest 
amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the cash balance from time 
to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance.
The Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss (as applicable) reflects the market value of the Swap 
Agreement, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. Where 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, the Affected Swap Gain or Affected Swap Loss in 
respect of each Class of Notes will be valued separately in the Base Currency for such Class.
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early for reasons other than the occurrence of 
a Credit Event?
The Early Cash Redemption Amount where the Notes redeem for reasons other than the occurrence of a 
Credit Event is an amount determined with respect to the Notes in the Specified Currency, by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (a) the Collateral Proceeds, plus (b) the portion of any Termination Payment in 
respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty and is, where the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, attributable to such Class of Notes being redeemed, 
minus (c) the portion of any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and is, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that Classes apply, 
attributable to such Class of Notes being redeemed, plus (d) where all Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed any interest amount to be transferred to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the 
cash balance from time to time (if any) within the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance. Each of limbs (b), (c) 
and (d) will be subject to the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, as to what portion or amount is attributable to the Swap Transaction relating to each Class of 
Notes being redeemed.
The Termination Payment payable to the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, or from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty, represents an aggregated amount due under the Swap Agreement following an early 
termination of the same.
What is the Credit Event Loss Amount?
The Credit Event Loss Amount is the settlement amount calculated in relation to a Credit Event with respect 
to any Reference Entity and such amount is taken into account in calculating the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event.
The Credit Event Loss Amount is determined based on the price of certain eligible obligations (“Valuation 
Obligations”) of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the eligible obligations shall be 
one or more obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or 
would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections 
made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations may be determined either by an 
Auction or, where Cash Settlement applies, on the basis of bid quotations received by the Calculation 
Agent from third party dealers.

--- Page 291 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
291
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies?
Unless the Calculation Agent determines that Auction Redemption would not apply for certain specified 
reasons, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to a price determined by way of a 
credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an “Auction”). The Auction will involve a bidding process 
by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set by ISDA, to 
establish the value of the eligible obligations (the “Deliverable Obligations”) of the relevant Reference 
Entity. Credit Suisse International may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit 
bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity. If the applicable 
“Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, such obligations of the Reference Entity will include loan 
participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan 
participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity.
Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified 
“Deliverable Obligation Categories” and “Deliverable Obligation Characteristics”. If the applicable 
“Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN” in the relevant Issue Terms, such obligations of the Reference Entity will include loan 
participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan 
participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity.
If Auction Redemption applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to:
(a)
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs, the product of (I) the Applicable 
Proportion of the Notes being redeemed and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a 
percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such Affected Reference 
Entity; and
(b)
in respect of Linear Basket 2 CLNs, the product of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a percentage) 
determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such Affected Reference Entity.
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. Moreover, 
the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. The lower the 
auction price, the greater the Credit Event Loss Amount which gets paid to the Swap Counterparty and 
thus the smaller the Early Cash Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption of the 
Notes.
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Auction Redemption does not apply?
If the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption will apply, the Credit Event Loss Amount will 
be determined on the basis of the bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers 
for the eligible obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the Valuation 
Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the final price 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer will be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation 
Obligations for valuation. This could increase the Credit Event Loss Amount and, as a result, reduce the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders on an early redemption.
If Cash Redemption applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to:
(a)
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs, the product of (I) the Applicable 
Proportion of the Notes being redeemed and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a 
percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from

--- Page 292 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
292
third party dealers for the Valuation Obligations (or determined by the Calculation Agent if two or 
fewer quotations are obtained); and
(b)
in respect of Linear Basket 2 CLNs, the product of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a percentage) 
determined on the basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers for the Valuation Obligations (or determined by the Calculation Agent if two or fewer 
quotations are obtained).
How much will Noteholders receive if the Notes are partially redeemed following a 
Restructuring Credit Event?
In the case of all Credit Linked Notes other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs, if a Restructuring Credit Event 
occurs with respect to the Notes, and it constitutes an M(M)R Restructuring as elected in the Issue Terms, 
the Swap Counterparty may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes in respect thereof. The Swap 
Counterparty has the right to decide whether it will exercise a partial redemption of such Notes. This mirrors 
the right to trigger partial settlement following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event under 
a credit default swap. The Early Cash Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes.
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of Linear 
Basket 2 CLNs, the Swap Counterparty will not have the right to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes 
following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and, accordingly, the Notes will redeem in full following any 
such Credit Event.
What if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs and there is no outstanding Original Collateral?
Where there is a Restructuring Credit Event and the Swap Counterparty has elected to trigger a partial 
redemption of the Notes but there is no Original Collateral standing to the credit of the Custody Account, 
a Liquidation shall not occur. The outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes shall be deemed 
to have been reduced by the Exercise Amount, the Swap Transaction will partially redeem, and an 
adjustment will be made to reflect the payments under the Credit Default Swap.
How much will Noteholders receive if the Notes are not redeemed early?
If no Event Determination Date has occurred, and provided that the Notes are not otherwise redeemed 
early, repurchased or cancelled (see further “When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?” 
below), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date (which may in certain 
circumstances have been extended) at its Final Redemption Amount, which, in such circumstances, will 
be an amount equal to par.
May Noteholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early?
The Noteholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. The Dealer may, 
but is not obligated to, purchase the Notes at any time in the open market or by tender or private treaty.
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?
The Issuer may redeem the Notes early if (i) an Event Determination Date occurs (other than where the 
Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs or where such Event Determination 
Date has occurred as a result of a Restructuring Credit Event and the Swap Counterparty selects an 
Exercise Amount which is less than 100 per cent., in which case an amount of Credit Linked Notes equal 
to the Reference Entity Notional Amount or Exercise Amount will be redeemed), (ii) a Collateral Event 
occurs with respect to any Original Collateral, (iii) a Trigger Event occurs, (iv) certain Regulatory Events 
occur, (v) certain tax events occur with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral, (vi) the Swap 
Agreement is terminated early, (vii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
certain obligations, comply with material provisions of agreements entered into in connection with the

--- Page 293 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
293
Notes or hold Original Collateral, (viii) certain Events of Default occur or (ix) an Additional Redemption 
Event occurs. For further information see the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”.
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event?
If an applicable Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occur, interest shall cease to accrue 
on:
(i)
Single Name CLNs, Basket CLNs (other than Linear Basket 2 CLNs) and Index Linked CLNs on a 
portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion (for further information see “What is the Applicable 
Proportion” below)); and
(ii)
Linear Basket 2 CLNs, on a portion thereof equal to the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, 
provided that where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, interest shall cease to 
accrue on a portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion,
from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding such occurrence of the Event Determination Date 
or, (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Interest Commencement Date.
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred will I receive payments of 
interest on each Interest Payment Date?
The Issuer’s obligation to make payment of interest on a specified Interest Payment Date may be 
suspended pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (i) an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and no corresponding 
DC Resolution has been published or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that factors exist which may
amount to a Credit Event, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be suspended or 
where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion thereof (or, in the case of Linear 
Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, in relation to a portion of such Note equal to the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a potential Credit Event may occur) or where 
the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion thereof equal to the Applicable 
Proportion.
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer’s obligations to make such 
payments resume?
Noteholders will not receive payment of such suspended interest amount until (i) an Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal is made; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has not occurred or (iii) that an Event 
Determination Date has occurred but such Event Determination Date occurred after the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to which the interest payment was suspended. The Noteholders will be paid the suspended 
interest amount five Reference Business Days following the date on which the relevant determination 
under (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable, was made.
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer’s obligation to make 
interest payments resumes?
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the 
delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount.
What if a Credit Event and Event Determination Date are determined to have occurred during 
the period when interest payments were suspended?
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event Determination Date 
falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended interest amount will no longer 
be due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed to cease to accrue on the Notes (or, in 
the case of Linear Basket 1 CLNs or Index Linked CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred)

--- Page 294 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
294
from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, 
the Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date).
What will happen to interest payments following a resumption of the Issuer’s obligations to 
make interest payments if the applicable Credit Event and Event Determination Date relate to 
an M(M)R Restructuring?
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, (i) the proportion of the suspended interest amount which relates to the 
Applicable Proportion shall no longer be due under the Notes and will be deemed to have ceased to accrue 
from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, 
the Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) and (ii) the 
remaining suspended interest amount will be paid to Noteholders five Reference Business Days following 
the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered.
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date?
Yes. If the Calculation Agent considers that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more 
Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to pay, or (iii) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, then each 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be 
redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date.
When will the Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended?
If an Event Determination Date (i) has not occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date the Notes will 
be redeemed on the fifth Reference Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; and (ii) has occurred 
on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then the Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date in 
accordance with the Auction Redemption Terms, Cash Redemption Terms or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Terms, as applicable.
Will I receive an additional amount on account of interest if the Maturity Date is extended?
If a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date are determined not to have occurred or are 
determined to not be applicable to the Notes then Noteholders may be entitled to receive interest on any 
unpaid amounts which were postponed and are payable on the Extended Maturity Date. The relevant Issue 
Terms will specify whether or not Postponement Interest is payable.
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Notes?
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Notes is different from taking equity risk by 
investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For example:
(a)
credit derivatives reference debt obligations of the Reference Entity, and a Reference Entity must 
generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations before paying dividends or 
capital to shareholders;
(b)
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Notes consist of bonds and other debt; 
holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary shares in the insolvency 
of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys 
due to them;
(c)
because the Notes reference these debt obligations, the market value of the Notes is related to 
(although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt obligations; and
(d)
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Notes.

--- Page 295 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
295
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.
What is the Applicable Proportion?
The Applicable Proportion for determining the amount payable on redemption or partial redemption of a 
Credit Linked Note following the occurrence of a Credit Event will be:
(a)
if the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN or a First-to-Default Basket CLN and redemption is 
not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 100 per cent.;
(b)
if the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket 1 CLN or an Index Linked CLN and redemption is not 
as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity; 
or
(c)
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event:
(i)
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the Affected 
Reference Entity divided by the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes;
(ii)
in the case of a First-to-Default Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the sum of (A) the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating 
to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, 
divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount and (B) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of each outstanding Non-Affected Reference Entity (if any);
(iii)
in the case of a Linear Basket 2 CLN, 100 per cent.; or
(iv)
in the case of a Linear Basket 1 CLN or an Index Linked CLN, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by the Weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount.
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms?
Where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” has been 
specified as applicable, if a Credit Event would only affect the subordinated obligations of the relevant 
obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such senior obligation.
What is Asset Package Delivery?
If (a) a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs with respect to such senior obligation, or (b) a Restructuring 
Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an “Asset Package 
Credit Event”. In those circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package 
Delivery has been specified not to apply in the relevant Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to 
determine the Auction Final Price or Value of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be, (i.e. the “Asset 
Package”) will be those assets received or retained by a Relevant Holder after the relevant Credit Event 
by reference to:
(i)
in respect of (a) above, either an obligation of the Reference Entity which existed immediately prior 
to the Asset Package Credit Event which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or the 
Reference Obligation (i.e. a “Prior Deliverable Obligation”); or
(ii)
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by ISDA 
and published on its website which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event would have 
constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a “Package Observable Bond”).

--- Page 296 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
296
Is the Auction Final Price subject to change?
Yes. The Calculation Agent has the discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package if it 
determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package and in doing 
so the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any Auction Settlement Terms published 
by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset Package Credit Event.
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any corresponding 
adjustment to the price must comply with provisions of Additional CLN Condition 6(d) (Auction Final Price 
of the Asset Package) which includes (i) the Calculation Agent preserving the economic effects of the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) the Calculation Agent not taking into account any method of 
determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial 
Instrument forming part of the Asset Package that has been taken into account in determining the Auction 
Final Price published by the DC Secretary.
The Calculation Agent is also under a duty to act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
when making such determination pursuant to Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions).
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Notes?
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Notes.
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power 
to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes of 
the Notes on critical issues, including:
(a)
the occurrence of a Credit Event and Event Determination Date;
(b)
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred and the price determined in such Auction;
(c)
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity will be 
used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction; and
(d)
the occurrence of a “Succession Event” and the identity of any “Successors”.
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to 
the Notes and the payments on the Notes and the timing of any such payments may be affected by such 
decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
the results of binding votes will be published on http://www.isda.org/.
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa and Japan. The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees which are relevant for the Notes will be the one constituted for Europe.
The proceedings of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published 
from time to time by ISDA. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at http://www.isda.org/.
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-
voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across 
all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions 
that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer institution

--- Page 297 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
297
and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially 
vary by region.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates are members 
of one or more Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. In reaching decisions, neither Credit Suisse 
International nor any other member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will take account of 
the interests of the Noteholders.
Whilst Credit Suisse International and certain of its affiliates acting in their respective capacities as 
members of any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may make determinations in 
respect of Reference Entities and/or obligations of such Reference Entities which could have an adverse 
impact on the Notes held by investors, such determinations will not be made by Credit Suisse International 
or any applicable affiliate unilaterally.
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a “Successor” determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal 
Successor”, on or after 1 January 2014).
A “Universal Successor” means, with respect to any Reference Entity, the single entity which assumes all 
of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity and at the time of 
the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any 
borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption.
What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Notes?
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to which 
the Notes are linked, then such entity may be identified as a “Successor” to the original Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement (being Credit Suisse International) may also, following 
a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity.
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a “Successor”, the Notes 
will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk associated with a Successor or Successors 
may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the original Reference 
Entity.
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time
from and including the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is:
(a)
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not there
is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such 
request (regardless of whether the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves to 
determine such matter or not); or
(b)
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which notice of the occurrence of a succession is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 298 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
298
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date?
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior 
to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall prior to 
the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date.
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has 
occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website 
http://dc.isda.org/.
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor?
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a succession 
event has occurred, its right is limited by the Additional CLN Conditions as follows: the Calculation Agent 
(i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has already 
determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is required to act on the basis 
of Eligible Information and (iii) is required to act in a commercially reasonable manner.
What rights and options does the Swap Counterparty have in respect of Credit Linked Notes?
Noteholders should note that the Swap Counterparty will be entitled to exercise certain rights and options 
that would be exercisable by the protection buyer under a credit default swap which may affect the returns 
on the Notes including:
(a)
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether a 
Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to deliver a 
Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the Notes following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event;
(b)
in certain circumstances where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has determined that 
a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred, determining whether an Event Determination Date has 
occurred for the purposes of the Notes; and
(c)
in certain circumstances following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, (i) to elect under the 
credit default swap the nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event applies and (ii) provided that the Swap Counterparty has notified the Issuer within three 
Reference Business Days of the initial relevant Event Determination Date of a nominal amount 
which is less than the Reference Entity Outstanding Amount then the Swap Counterparty may 
subsequently specify one or more Exercise Amounts in respect of such M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event by giving notice to the Issuer at any time prior to the Maturity Date.
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making 
in relation to Credit Linked Notes?
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations with 
respect to the Notes.
The Calculation Agent is responsible for:
(a)
determining whether an Auction would apply for the purposes of the Notes;
(b)
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently, determining the Auction which will apply to the 
Notes;
(c)
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the Credit Event 
Loss Amount on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers;

--- Page 299 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
299
(d)
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, (i) determining a date for the 
valuation of certain eligible obligations and (ii) selecting third party dealers from which to obtain bid 
quotations for the purposes of such valuation;
(e)
absent publication of Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining 
successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Notes;
(f)
absent publication of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining 
substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Notes;
(g)
determining whether, under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, the obligations of the parties would 
be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee;
(h)
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee resolves that an Event Determination Date occurred on a date that is different from the 
date first determined or that no Event Determination Date occurred, determining, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders; and
(i)
where the redemption of the Notes is extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date, determining 
the Extended Maturity Date, which, provided that an Event Determination Date does not occur, will 
be a date falling no later than five Reference Business Days following the Notes Extension Date.
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders.

--- Page 300 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
300
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
1
Incorporation and Interpretation
(a)
Applicable Product Supplement
This Product Supplement is the “Collateral Basket Product Supplement”. If the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that this Collateral Basket Product Supplement is an Applicable Product Supplement:
(i)
the Notes shall be “Collateral Basket Notes”;
(ii)
the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as amended and 
supplemented by the additional conditions comprising this Collateral Basket Product 
Supplement (the “Additional Collateral Basket Conditions”), as further amended and 
supplemented by the relevant Issue Terms.
This Collateral Basket Product Supplement shall not apply to Notes issued by way of Final Terms.
(b)
Type of Collateral Basket Note
The relevant Issue Terms shall specify one of “Full Unwind”, “Partial Unwind” or “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall”.
(c)
Defined Terms
Certain terms are defined in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 5 (Definitions). Capitalised terms 
used but not defined in this Collateral Basket Product Supplement shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Master Conditions or the relevant Issue Terms.
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(j) (Determinations and actions), to the extent of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions, 
the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions and the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail; and (iii) the Additional Collateral Basket Conditions and 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail.
2
Amendment to Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable)
Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable) shall be amended such that the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of 
(i) the Rate of Interest, (ii) the Calculation Amount, (iii) the Outstanding Principal Percentage as at the last 
day of such Interest Accrual Period and (iv) the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula).
3
Amendments to Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)
(a)
Disapplication of Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event)
Master Condition 8(c) (Redemption following a Collateral Event) shall not apply to the Notes and 
references to such Master Condition throughout shall be ignored.
(b)
Early redemption following a Collateral Event
The following Additional Redemption Event shall apply to the Notes for the purposes of Master 
Condition 8(n) (Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event):

--- Page 301 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
301
“Early redemption following a Collateral Event
Provided that no Early Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition in respect of a Note (disregarding, where the Notes are Collateral 
Basket Notes and “Partial Unwind” or “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, any Early Redemption Commencement Date that has occurred as a result of a different 
Collateral Component becoming an Affected Collateral Component), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Collateral Event has occurred with respect to any Collateral Component and gives 
notice of such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Swap Counterparty) pursuant to the Swap Agreement (the date of such determination being the 
“Collateral Event Determination Date”), then as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event 
within the Early Redemption Notification Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) will give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Collateral Event (the date of such 
notice to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”), including a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination (which (notwithstanding 
that if “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Notes will be due and payable in 
whole) shall include details of the Collateral Component in respect of which the Collateral Event has 
occurred), by forwarding with such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Collateral Event Determination Date or the information 
provided therein:
(i)
Where “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Note shall become due 
and payable in whole on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Cash Redemption 
Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of 
any unpaid accrued interest thereon), irrespective of whether the relevant Collateral Event is 
continuing. The payment of such amount shall satisfy all the Issuer’s obligations under and 
in relation to such Note.
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Collateral Event in respect of any Collateral 
Component shall result in each Note becoming due and payable in whole at its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount notwithstanding that a Collateral Event may not have occurred in 
respect of the other Collateral Component(s).
(ii)
Where “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms:
(A)
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Partial Swap Value in respect of the 
Affected Collateral Component on a date falling as soon as reasonably practicable 
within five Business Days of the Early Redemption Commencement Date (such date 
of determination, the “Collateral Valuation Date”).
(B)
The Affected Collateral Component shall be Liquidated by the Disposal Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4 (Liquidation 
process).
(C)
Each Note shall become due and payable in part (or, where the Collateral Event 
occurs in respect of the sole outstanding Collateral Component, in whole) on the Early 
Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any), irrespective of whether the relevant Collateral Event is continuing and 
the payment of such amount shall satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such 
pro rata proportion of each Note or the whole of such Note, as applicable.

--- Page 302 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
302
(D)
The outstanding nominal amount of each Note shall be reduced by an amount equal 
to the product of (X) the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component and (Y) the 
Specified Denomination of such Note, for all purposes with effect from the relevant 
Early Redemption Date, unless payment of the relevant Early Cash Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Early Cash Redemption Amount.
(E)
The Outstanding Principal Percentage shall (without double counting)) decrease to 
reflect the deduction of the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component so that 
Interest Amounts payable on any subsequent Interest Payment Date (if any) shall be 
determined on the basis of a reduced nominal amount.
(iii)
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms:
(A)
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Partial Swap Value in respect of the 
Affected Collateral Component on a date falling as soon as reasonably practicable 
within five Business Days of the Early Redemption Commencement Date (such date 
of determination, the “Collateral Valuation Date”).
(B)
The Affected Collateral Component shall be Liquidated by the Disposal Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Master Condition 13 (Liquidation).
(C)
If there is a Partial Swap Loss payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine whether the liquidation proceeds of the Affected 
Collateral Component are sufficient to pay such Partial Swap Loss. If (x) the liquidation 
proceeds of the Affected Collateral Component minus (y) the Partial Swap Loss results 
in a negative number (the absolute value of such negative number being the “Shortfall 
Amount”), the Disposal Agent shall further Liquidate an amount of Additional 
Collateral (as determined in its sole discretion) in accordance with the provisions of 
Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4 (Liquidation process) such that the Additional 
Collateral Unwind Value is at least equal to the Shortfall Amount, save that if the 
Additional Collateral required to be Liquidated is equal to or greater than the sum of 
the remaining Original Collateral standing to the credit of the Custody Account plus 
any Original Collateral then forming part of the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (a 
“Collateral Exhaustion Event”), then the Disposal Agent will not effect a Liquidation 
and the provisions of Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(c) (Redemption 
following a Collateral Exhaustion Event) shall apply instead.
(D)
Each Note shall become due and payable in part (or, where the Collateral Event 
occurs in respect of the sole outstanding Collateral Component, in whole) on the Early 
Redemption Date by payment to each Noteholder of its Early Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any), irrespective of whether the relevant Collateral Event is continuing and 
the payment of such amount shall satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such 
pro rata proportion of each Note or the whole of such Note, as applicable.
(E)
The outstanding nominal amount of each Note shall be reduced by an amount equal 
to the product of (X) the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component plus, if a 
Shortfall Amount was determined, the Additional Collateral Weighting(s) in respect of 
the Additional Collateral liquidated in accordance with paragraph (C) above (if any) 
and (Y) the Specified Denomination of such Note, for all purposes with effect from the 
relevant Early Redemption Date, unless payment of the relevant Early Cash 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount 
shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Early Cash 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 303 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
303
(F)
The Weighting of any Collateral Component from which Additional Collateral has been 
Liquidated shall be reduced by the corresponding Additional Collateral Weighting.
(G)
The Outstanding Principal Percentage shall (without double counting) decrease to 
reflect the deduction of the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component along with, 
if a Shortfall Amount was determined, the Additional Collateral Weighting(s) in respect 
of the Additional Collateral liquidated in accordance with paragraph (E) above (if any) 
so that Interest Amounts payable on any subsequent Interest Payment Date (if any) 
shall be determined on the basis of a reduced nominal amount.”.
For such purposes:
(i)
this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) shall be deemed to constitute part of Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) for the purposes of the definition of Early 
Redemption Notice and such definition shall be construed so as to also refer to this Additional 
Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) immediately after the reference to Master Condition 8(q) 
(Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Class(es) 
of Notes only) therein; and
(ii)
Master Condition 8(x) (Effect of redemption, purchase and cancellation) shall be construed 
so as to also refer to this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) immediately after the 
reference to Master Condition 8(q) (Redemption of all Classes following an Enforcement 
Notice in respect of certain Class(es) of Notes only) in both the first and second sentence 
thereof.
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Collateral Event has occurred. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving 
or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent effectively gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Collateral Event, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.
(c)
Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event
The following Additional Redemption Event shall apply to the Notes for the purposes of Master 
Condition 8(n) (Redemption following an Additional Redemption Event):
“Redemption following a Collateral Exhaustion Event
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that no Early 
Redemption Commencement Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition in respect of a Note (disregarding any Early Redemption Commencement Date that has 
occurred as a result of a Collateral Event), if the Calculation Agent determines that a Collateral 
Exhaustion Event has occurred with respect to the Original Collateral and gives notice of such 
determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such 
determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty) (the date of such determination being the “Collateral Exhaustion Event 
Determination Date”), then:
(i)
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the Early Redemption Notification 
Period commencing on (and including) the Collateral Exhaustion Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early Redemption Notice) will give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of the determination of the Collateral Event (the date 
of such notice to the Noteholders being the “Early Redemption Commencement Date”),

--- Page 304 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
304
including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination, by 
forwarding with such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Collateral Exhaustion Event Determination Date or the 
information provided therein; and
(ii)
each Note shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Cash Redemption Amount (which may not be less than zero and shall be the only amount 
payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The 
payment of such amount shall satisfy all the Issuer’s obligations under and in relation to such 
Note.”.
(d)
Amendment of Master Condition 8(s) (Suspension of payments)
Master Condition 8(s) (Suspension of payments) shall be amended such that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of any applicable grace 
period) amount to a Collateral Event in respect of a Collateral Component, the suspension of 
payments of any principal or interest during the Suspension Period shall only apply to the proportion 
of the Notes relating to such Collateral Component.
4
Amendments to Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process)
Master Condition 13(b) (Liquidation process) shall not apply to the Notes and for the purpose of these 
Additional Collateral Basket Conditions shall be replaced with the following:
“(b) Liquidation process
(i)
Following a Collateral Exhaustion Event pursuant to these Additional Collateral 
Basket Conditions
Following receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall 
on behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that 
the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below) effect a Liquidation of 
the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to 
Liquidating all the Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third Reference 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, provided that the Disposal 
Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the Liquidation of all Collateral has not been 
effected by such date. If the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by such date, the 
Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a Liquidation of the Collateral until such 
time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid 
Enforcement Notice from the Trustee.
(ii)
Following a Collateral Event pursuant to these Additional Collateral Basket Conditions
(I)
Where “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following receipt by it of 
a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on behalf of the 
Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that the relevant 
Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below) effect a Liquidation of each 
Collateral Component commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date with a 
view to Liquidating all of the Collateral Components on or prior to the Early Valuation 
Date or the third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as 
applicable, provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of all Collateral Components has not been effected by such date. If the 
Collateral Components have not been Liquidated in full by such date, the Disposal 
Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a Liquidation of the Collateral

--- Page 305 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
305
Components until such time (if any) as it is instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or 
until it receives a valid Enforcement Notice from the Trustee.
(II)
Where “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following receipt by it 
of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on behalf of the 
Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that the relevant 
Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below), effect a Liquidation of the 
Affected Collateral Component commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date 
with a view to Liquidating all of the Affected Collateral Component on or prior to the 
Early Valuation Date or the third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Payment Date, as applicable, provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall 
have no liability if the Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component has not been 
effected by such date. If the Affected Collateral Component has not been Liquidated 
in full by such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a 
Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component until such time (if any) as it is 
instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement Notice 
from the Trustee.
(III)
Where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following 
receipt by it of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice the Disposal Agent shall on 
behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that 
the relevant Collateral is outstanding (subject to paragraph (iii) below) and provided 
that a Collateral Exhaustion Event would not occur (in which case the provisions set 
out in paragraph (i) above shall apply):
(A)
effect a Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component commencing on the 
Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all of the Affected 
Collateral Component on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the third 
Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, 
and provided that the Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component has not been effected by such 
date. If the Affected Collateral Component has not been Liquidated in full by 
such date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect a 
Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component until such time (if any) as it is 
instructed by the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives a valid Enforcement 
Notice from the Trustee; and
(B)
if, following Liquidation of the Affected Collateral Component (in accordance 
with paragraph (A) above), the Calculation Agent determines that there is a 
Shortfall Amount, the Disposal Agent will Liquidate an amount of Additional 
Collateral (as determined in its sole discretion) from one or more Collateral 
Components other than the Affected Collateral Component such that the 
Additional Collateral Unwind Value is at least equal to the Shortfall Amount.
(iii)
Liquidation Parameters
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Liquidation Parameters are applicable, for the 
purpose of paragraphs (i) or (ii) above:
(A)
the Disposal Agent shall seek to Liquidate all of the Collateral (which, for these 
purposes, shall include any Affected Collateral Component or Additional Collateral) as 
soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within five Business Days, following 
the relevant Early Redemption Commencement Date (the “Target Liquidation 
Period”); and

--- Page 306 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
306
(B)
the Disposal Agent shall request up to five Quotation Dealers to provide its all-in, firm 
executable bid price (a “Quotation”) in the Base Currency to purchase the Collateral 
on a day within the Target Liquidation Period, and it shall sell the Collateral on such a 
date to the Quotation Dealer who provides the highest Quotation, save that where no 
Quotations are obtained, the Disposal Agent shall determine the value of the 
Collateral,
and, for the avoidance of doubt, where the Target Liquidation Period and/or the number of 
Quotations to be obtained differ from those specified above, the relevant Liquidation 
Parameters shall be set out in the relevant Issue Terms.
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect any such 
Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable within the available 
timeframe, even where a larger amount could possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if 
any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be 
entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s).
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Master Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right 
following Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event and effective delivery 
of a valid Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Security shall be released without further action 
on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of 
the Collateral. Nothing in this Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4 or Master Condition 5(d) 
(Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event) will operate to release the charges and other 
security interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall 
not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, 
holders of Receipts or any other person merely because a larger amount could have been received 
had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent selected a different method of 
Liquidating any such Collateral, provided that the Disposal Agent has complied with its duty to act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of a determination that a Liquidation 
Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent (i) shall have complete discretion, (ii) shall have no duty or 
obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other person to take any such 
action or make any such determination and (iii) shall not be liable for any such determination or 
decision or the timing thereof, provided that it has acted in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner.”.
5
Definitions
The following definitions which relate to Collateral Basket Notes should be read in conjunction with the 
Additional Collateral Basket Conditions:
“Additional Collateral” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount of Original Collateral comprised in one or 
more Collateral Components that are not the Affected Collateral Component.
“Additional Collateral Unwind Value” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to:
(i)
the liquidation proceeds of the Additional Collateral being Liquidated pursuant to Additional 
Collateral Basket Condition 3(b)(iii)(C); plus
(ii)
the Shortfall Partial Swap Gain (if any); minus

--- Page 307 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
307
(iii)
the Shortfall Partial Swap Loss (if any).
“Additional Collateral Weighting” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and Additional Collateral, the part of the Weighting 
of the Collateral Component from which the Additional Collateral has been Liquidated that corresponds to 
the portion of such Additional Collateral being liquidated.
“Affected Collateral Component” means any Collateral Component in respect of which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Collateral Event has occurred.
“Collateral Component” means each asset comprising the Original Collateral, as set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms.
“Collateral Exhaustion Event” has the meaning given to it in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 
3(b)(iii)(C).
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Collateral Basket Note outstanding on the 
relevant Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or the amount 
determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount specified therein) or, if 
no such amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms:
(i)
if the Notes are redeeming early as a result of an early redemption event set out in Master Condition 
8 (Redemption and Purchase) other than pursuant to the Additional Redemption Event set out in 
Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) (Early Redemption following a Collateral Event), an 
amount per Note equal to that Note’s pro rata share of the Early Cash Redemption Amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) of that definition 
contained in Master Condition 1(a) (Definitions) (where the relevant Issue Terms do not specify that 
Classes apply) or sub-paragraph (iii) (where the relevant Issue Terms specify that Classes apply); 
or
(ii)
if the Notes are redeeming early as a result of an early redemption event pursuant to the Additional 
Redemption Event set out in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b) (Early Redemption 
following a Collateral Event):
(I)
if (x) “Full Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms or (y) “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a Collateral Exhaustion Event has 
occurred, an amount per Note determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that Note’s 
pro rata share of (a) the Specified Currency Proceeds (of all outstanding Collateral 
Components) plus (b) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is 
payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon) minus (c) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon); or
(II)
if “Partial Unwind” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount per Note determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (a) the liquidation 
proceeds of the Affected Collateral Component plus (b) the Partial Swap Gain (if any) minus 
(c) the Partial Swap Loss (if any); or
(III)
if “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a Collateral 
Exhaustion Event would not occur, an amount per Note determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to that Note’s pro rata share of (a) the liquidation proceeds of the Affected 
Collateral Component plus (b) the Partial Swap Gain (if any) minus (c) the Partial Swap Loss 
(if any) plus (d) the liquidation proceeds of any Additional Collateral (if any) plus (e) the 
Shortfall Partial Swap Gain (if any) minus (f) the Shortfall Partial Swap Loss (if any).

--- Page 308 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
308
“Outstanding Principal Percentage” means, in respect of any day, the sum of the Weightings of each 
Collateral Component, subject to adjustment in accordance with Additional Collateral Basket Condition 
3(b)(ii).
“Partial Swap Gain” means (i) where the Partial Swap Value would be negative (and therefore payable to 
the Issuer), the absolute value of the Partial Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.
“Partial Swap Loss” means (i) where the Partial Swap Value would be positive (and therefore payable to 
the Swap Counterparty), the value of the Partial Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero.
“Partial Swap Value” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency 
equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the relevant Swap 
Agreement that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement upon a termination of the Swap Agreement on the Collateral 
Valuation Date. Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on the basis that:
(i)
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party;
(ii)
the Base Currency is the Specified Currency of the Notes;
(iii)
the Swap Transaction is deemed to relate to (a) a nominal amount of Notes equal to the product of 
the original principal amount of the Notes and the Weighting of the Affected Collateral Component 
(adjusted to reflect any prior redemptions, purchases and/or cancellations of the Notes) and (b) the 
nominal amount of the Affected Collateral Component only;
(iv)
other than where “Partial Unwind with Shortfall” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (in which 
case the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any termination amount shall be limited to the prevailing 
market value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the Additional Collateral 
being Liquidated), the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any termination amount shall be limited to the 
prevailing market value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the sum of (a) 
the Affected Collateral Component and (b) the Additional Collateral being Liquidated; and
(v)
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof.
“Shortfall Amount” has the meaning given to it in Additional Collateral Basket Condition 3(b)(iii)(C).
“Shortfall Partial Swap Gain” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) where the Shortfall Partial Swap Value would be 
negative (and therefore payable to the Issuer), the absolute value of the Shortfall Partial Swap Value, or 
(ii) otherwise, zero.
“Shortfall Partial Swap Loss” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind with 
Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) where the Shortfall Partial Swap Value would be 
positive (and therefore payable to the Swap Counterparty), the value of the Shortfall Partial Swap Value, 
or (ii) otherwise, zero.
“Shortfall Partial Swap Value” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes for which “Partial Unwind 
with Shortfall” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the Specified Currency equal to the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of 
the relevant Swap Agreement that would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement upon a termination of the Swap 
Agreement on the Collateral Valuation Date. Such Early Termination Amount shall be determined on the 
basis that:
(i)
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party;

--- Page 309 ---
COLLATERAL BASKET PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT
309
(ii)
the Base Currency is the Specified Currency of the Notes;
(iii)
the Swap Transaction is deemed to relate to (a) a nominal amount of Notes equal to the product of 
the Original Principal Amount of the Notes and the Additional Collateral Weighting(s) of the relevant 
Additional Collateral being Liquidated pursuant to Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4(b)(ii)(III) 
(adjusted to reflect any prior redemptions, purchases and/or cancellations of the Notes) and (b) the 
nominal amount of the Additional Collateral;
(iv)
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any termination amount shall be limited to the prevailing market 
value of the Mortgaged Property at that time that corresponds to the Additional Collateral being 
Liquidated pursuant to Additional Collateral Basket Condition 4(b)(ii)(III); and
(v)
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof.
“Weighting” means, in respect of Collateral Basket Notes, the percentage weighting in respect of a 
Collateral Component as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Weighting is so specified, means, 
in respect of a Collateral Component, the weighting (expressed as a percentage) in respect of that 
Collateral Component obtained by dividing the nominal amount of such Collateral Component by the sum 
of the aggregate nominal amount of all Collateral Components; and “Weightings” shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 310 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
310
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Issue Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes 
in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relevant Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and 
a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so 
paid.
Exchange
Temporary Global Notes
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:

--- Page 311 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
311
(i)
if the applicable Issue Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and 
described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the 
applicable Issue Terms, for Definitive Notes.
Permanent Global Notes
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so.
In the event that a Permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
Global Certificates
If the Issue Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the following 
will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing 
system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the 
Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Master Condition 3(b) 
(Transfers of Registered Notes) may only be made in part:
(i)
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or
(ii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its Specified Office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Where the holding of Notes represented by a Global 
Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such 
holding shall be a Global Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to 
transferees shall not be Global Certificates unless the transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar 
that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or an Alternative Clearing 
System.
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global 
Note, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that 
of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent

--- Page 312 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
312
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global Note 
is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system.
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global 
Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On 
exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the first day following the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days 
after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the 
city in which the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located.
Amendment to Conditions
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Master Conditions as 
completed by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or completed, amended, supplemented 
and/or varied by the applicable Alternative Drawdown Document. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions:
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on 
any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be 
made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender 
of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall 
have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Master Condition 8(d) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) and Master Condition 11(a) (Appointment of Agents) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. If the 
Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, 
in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge 
the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant 
clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the words “in the relevant place of presentation,” shall not apply in the definition of “business 
day” in Master Condition 10(g) (Non-Business Days).
All payments in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing

--- Page 313 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
313
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” 
means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note will become void 
unless they are presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in the Conditions).
Meetings
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such Global 
Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of 
any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Global 
Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency 
of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency 
unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate.
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled 
(other than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant Global 
Note.
Purchase
Notes represented by a Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased together 
with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon.
NGN Nominal Amount
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes 
are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any 
information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by 
category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes 
and may consider such interests, and treat such accountholders, as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.
Amendments
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, for the purpose of determining whether a written resolution has been validly 
passed the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given by 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate or, where 
the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on consent from or instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds 
directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Issuer 
and the Trustee have obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding 
and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such 
consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner

--- Page 314 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
314
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves 
to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, 
or issued by an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of 
interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Creation Online system) in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be 
issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.
Noteholder Settlement Option
Where “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
person appearing as the accountholder for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
Alternative Clearing System shall, on behalf and in accordance with the directions of each person for whom 
such accountholder holds Notes and by giving the appropriate notice(s) through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any relevant Alternative Clearing System, elect on behalf of each such person which 
proportion of Notes attributable to such person shall receive an Early Cash Redemption Amount and which 
shall receive a Physical Redemption Amount; provided that (i) only one such election can be made per 
Note, (ii) the aggregate holding of Notes of each person for whom an accountholder holds Notes shall be 
treated as separate from any other person’s holding of Notes and (iii) any rounding required in determining 
the Early Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption Amount as contemplated by the Conditions 
shall be determined based on each person’s proportion of Notes in respect of which it has elected to 
receive an Early Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Redemption Amount, as the case may be, and not 
on an individual Note basis or aggregated across persons.
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the Notes will be 
published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange.

--- Page 315 ---
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS
315
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS
The Notes will be cleared through the clearing system(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system. The International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and any Common Code and/or other applicable clearing system identification 
numbers will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.
Settlement and CREST
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in the Notes (such Notes 
being “Underlying Notes”) through the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of 
uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any successor thereto in 
accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) (“CREST”) by holding 
dematerialised depository interests (“CREST Depository Interests” or “CDIs”).
CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, settled and transferred through 
CREST. CDIs are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the “CREST 
Depository”) pursuant to a global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the 
CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual)) (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). CDIs are issued by the CREST Depository and 
held through CREST in dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll. CDIs 
in respect of Underlying Notes will be constituted, issued to investors and transferred pursuant to the terms 
of the CREST Deed Poll.
CDIs represent indirect interests in the Underlying Notes to which they relate and holders of CDIs will not 
be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes. Application may be made for such Underlying Notes to be 
“listed on a recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 
with the aim of ensuring that those Underlying Notes are of the same class in the Issuer as securities which 
are so listed for the purposes of Paragraphs 2(d)(i) and (3) of the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (UK Depositary 
Interests in Foreign Securities) Regulations 1999 (SI 1999/2383) and hence that the CDIs are exempt from 
United Kingdom Stamp Duty Reserve Tax so long as such Underlying Notes are not registered in a register 
located, kept or maintained in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Issuer and certain other conditions 
are met.
The Issuer will issue Underlying Notes with the intention that indirect interests in such Underlying Notes 
be held through CDIs. In order to enable the settlement of indirect interest in the relevant Underlying Notes 
within CREST, investors will need to hold such indirect interests via CDIs. The CDIs will not be offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market.
Following the delivery of the Underlying Notes into a relevant clearing system permitted in the CREST 
Manual, indirect interests in Underlying Notes may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means of 
the creation of dematerialised CDIs representing indirect interests in the relevant Underlying Notes. For 
Underlying Notes which are cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, interests in the 
Underlying Notes will be credited to the Euroclear account of CREST International Nominee Limited (the 
“CREST Nominee” and the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for CREST Depositary 
Limited (the “CREST Depository”) which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. The CDIs 
will therefore consist of indirect rights of a CDI holder in, or relating to, the Underlying Notes which are held 
(through the CREST Nominee) on trust for the benefit of the CDI holder by the CREST Depository and will 
constitute a record acknowledging that the CREST Nominee holds the Underlying Notes as nominee on 
behalf of the CREST Depository. The CDIs will be issued once the relevant Underlying Notes are credited 
to the CREST Nominee’s account. It is intended that CDIs will be issued to the relevant CREST participants 
on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Underlying Notes. However, CDIs may be created at any time 
following the credit of relevant Underlying Notes to the CREST Nominee’s account with Euroclear.

--- Page 316 ---
CREST CLEARING ARRANGEMENTS
316
Each CDI will be treated as one Underlying Note, for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations 
and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to holders of CDIs any 
interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying Notes on trust for such CDI holder. 
Therefore, the holders of CDIs are entitled to the proceeds from the Underlying Notes. If a matter arises 
that requires a vote of Noteholders, the Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee or with 
the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, make arrangements to permit the holders of CDIs to instruct 
the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST Nominee in respect of the Underlying 
Notes. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put such voting arrangements in place for 
holders of CDIs.
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by the CREST Nominee to a participant of the relevant clearing 
system will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Underlying Notes 
underlying the CDIs to the account of the relevant participant with the relevant clearing system. It is 
expected that the CDIs will have the same securities identification number as the ISIN of the Underlying 
Notes and will not require a separate listing on a recognised stock exchange.
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and the relevant 
clearing system, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may 
be different from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs.
The attention of investors in CDIs is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and 
the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +442078490000 or from the Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited website at 
www.euroclear.com.

--- Page 317 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS
317
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of an issue of a Series of Notes will be applied by the Issuer (subject to (i) the provisions 
of the Securitisation Act 2004 if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer or (ii) the provisions of the Cayman 
Companies Act if the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer), to purchase the Collateral applicable to such Series 
and/or enter into the Transaction Documents and/or to fund any initial payment obligations under any 
related Swap Agreement and/or in meeting certain expenses and fees payable in connection with the 
operations of the Issuer and the issue of any Notes.

--- Page 318 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
318
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
General
The Luxembourg Company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited 
liability company) under the laws of Luxembourg (Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies as amended) on 11 December 2013 for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities and its 
activities as an authorised securitisation undertaking are subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and are 
supervised by the CSSF.
The Luxembourg Company is registered with the RCS under number B182715. The registered office of 
the Company is at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and its telephone 
number is +352 27 61 62 1.
In accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, the Luxembourg Company entrusts the custody of its liquid 
assets and securities to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, a credit institution 
established in Luxembourg.
Share Capital and Shareholder
The authorised share capital and the issued share capital of the Luxembourg Company is EUR 31,000 
divided into 31,000 Shares (as defined in the Luxembourg Articles) of EUR 1 each.
The Luxembourg Company has issued 31,000 Shares, all of which are fully paid and are held by Stichting 
Argentum.
Stichting Argentum is a foundation (stichting) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands and is not 
owned or controlled by any person. Stichting Argentum has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit 
from its holding of the issued shares. It will apply any income derived by it from the Luxembourg Company 
solely for charitable purposes.
Stichting Argentum’s Deed of Incorporation (which includes its articles of association) contains certain 
provisions ensuring Stichting Argentum does not abuse its position of control, including an express objects 
clause which stipulates that it exercises any and all rights attached to the shares of the Luxembourg 
Company in such a manner as to safeguard the interests of the Luxembourg Company and any and all 
persons concerned to the best of the foundation’s ability, including in relation to any of the voting rights to 
the shares in the Luxembourg Company and to perform any and all acts that may be related, incidental or 
which may be conducive to safeguarding such interests.
Business
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Luxembourg Company acting in respect of a specific 
Compartment (the “Luxembourg Issuer” and an “Issuer”) will be subject to the restrictions set out in 
Master Condition 6 (Restrictions) for the Notes, the relevant Issue Deed and the Luxembourg Articles.
The preliminary expenses of the Luxembourg Company acting in its capacity as Luxembourg Issuer for 
establishing the Programme are payable by the Arranger.
The corporate purposes of the Luxembourg Company set out in the Luxembourg Articles are to enter into, 
perform and serve as a vehicle for any securitisation transactions as permitted under the Securitisation Act 
2004. The Luxembourg Company may acquire or assume, directly or through another entity or vehicle, the 
risks relating to the holding or ownership of claims, structured deposits, receivables and/or other goods, 
structured products relating to commodities or assets (including securities of any kind), either movable or 
immovable, tangible or intangible, and/or risks relating to liabilities or commitments of third parties or which 
are inherent to all or part of the activities undertaken by third parties, by issuing securities (valeurs 
mobilières) of any kind whose value or return is linked to these risks. The Luxembourg Company may

--- Page 319 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
319
assume or acquire these risks by acquiring, by any means, claims, deposits, receivables and/or other 
goods, structured products relating to commodities or assets, by guaranteeing the liabilities or 
commitments of third parties or by binding itself in any other way. The method that will be used to determine 
the value of the securitised assets will be set out in the relevant issue documentation proposed by the 
Luxembourg Company.
The Luxembourg Company may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, proceed, so far as they 
relate to securitisation transactions, to (i) the acquisition, holding and disposal, in any form, by any means, 
whether directly or indirectly, of participations, rights and interests in, and obligations of, Luxembourg and 
foreign companies, (ii) the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as the 
transfer by sale, exchange or in any other manner of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities 
or financial instruments of any kind (including notes or parts or units issued by Luxembourg or foreign 
mutual funds or similar undertakings and exchangeable or convertible securities) and receivables, claims 
or loans or other credit facilities and agreements or contracts relating thereto, and (iii) the ownership, 
administration and management of a portfolio of assets (including, among other things, the assets referred 
to in (i) and (ii) above) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant issue documentation.
The Luxembourg Company may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 and for as long as it is 
necessary to facilitate the performance of its corporate purpose, borrow in any form and enter into any 
type of loan agreement. It may issue, to the public or otherwise, securities in the form of notes, bonds 
(including exchangeable or convertible securities and securities linked to an index or a basket of indices 
or shares), debentures, certificates, shares, beneficiary shares, warrants and any kind of debt or equity 
securities, including under one or more issue programmes. The Luxembourg Company may lend funds 
including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of securities, within the limits of the Securitisation 
Act 2004 and provided such lending or such borrowing relates to securitisation transactions, to its 
subsidiaries or affiliated companies or to any other company.
The Luxembourg Company may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, give guarantees and grant 
security over its assets in order to secure the obligations it has assumed for the securitisation of those 
assets or for the benefit of investors (including their Trustee or representative, if any) and/or any issuing 
entity participating in a securitisation transaction of the Luxembourg Company. The Luxembourg Company 
may not pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise create security over some or all of its assets or transfer 
its assets for guarantee purposes, unless permitted by the Securitisation Act 2004.
The Luxembourg Company may enter into, execute and deliver and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, 
derivatives, options, repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions for as long as such agreements 
and transactions are necessary to facilitate the performance of the Luxembourg Company’s corporate 
purpose. The Luxembourg Company may generally employ any techniques and instruments relating to 
investments for the purpose of their efficient management, including, but not limited to, techniques and
instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks.
The Luxembourg Board is entitled to create one or more Compartments (representing the assets of the 
Luxembourg Company relating to an issue by the Luxembourg Issuer of securities), in each case 
corresponding to a separate part of the Luxembourg Company’s estate.
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense. The corporate purpose of the 
Luxembourg Company shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by the Luxembourg 
Company, provided it is not inconsistent with the foregoing stated purposes.
In general, the Luxembourg Company may take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out 
any operation or transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the accomplishment and 
development of its corporate objects to the largest extent permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004.

--- Page 320 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
320
Assets and Liabilities
The Luxembourg Company has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 31,000 representing 
the issued and paid-up share capital and share premium, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in 
connection with the issue of Notes or the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any Collateral.
Save in respect of the fees paid to it in connection with each issue of Notes, any related profits and the 
proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such expenses or from amounts representing the 
Luxembourg Company’s issued and paid-up share capital and share premium, the Luxembourg Company 
will not accumulate any surpluses.
Management and Supervisory Bodies
The directors of the Luxembourg Company are as follows:
Director
Principal outside activities
Business Address
Marketa Stranska
Company Director
5, Heienhaff, L-1736 
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Rolf Caspers
Company Director
5, Heienhaff, L-1736 
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Lynton Raath
Company Director
5, Heienhaff, L-1736 
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Rolf Caspers is the chairperson of the Luxembourg Board.
No corporate governance regime to which the Luxembourg Company would be subject exists in 
Luxembourg as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Corporate Services Provider
Apex Fund and Corporate Products S.A. (previously known as Sanne Group (Luxembourg) S.A.), a public 
company limited by shares (société anonyme) having its registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 
Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the RCS under number B138069, acts 
as the corporate services provider of the Luxembourg Company (the “Luxembourg Corporate Services 
Provider”).
Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement dated 11 December 2013 and entered into 
between the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider, the Luxembourg Company and Credit Suisse 
International, the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider will perform in Luxembourg certain 
administrative, accounting and related services. In consideration of the foregoing, the Luxembourg 
Corporate Services Provider will receive various fees payable to it by the Luxembourg Company at rates 
agreed upon from time to time.
The appointment of the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider may be terminated by either the 
Luxembourg Company or the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider upon not less than two months’ 
prior written notice.
Financial Statements
The financial year of the Luxembourg Company begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 
December of the same year save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the 
Luxembourg Company and ended on 31 December 2013.

--- Page 321 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
321
In accordance with the Companies Act 1915 the Luxembourg Company is obliged to publish its annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
its shareholders.
Since the date of incorporation, the Luxembourg Company has published audited financial statements for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2013, 31 December 2014, 31 December 2015, 31 December 2016, 
31 December 2017, 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022, which have been filed with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies 
(Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg), Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank. There has 
been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Luxembourg Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Luxembourg Issuer since 31 December 2022, 
being the date of the Luxembourg Issuer’s last audited financial statements.
The Luxembourg Company’s audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022 have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
(“Luxembourg GAAP”) and legal and regulatory requirements in force in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
(Law of 19 December 2002).
Any future published annual audited financial statements prepared for the Luxembourg Company will be 
obtainable free of charge from the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the registered office 
of the Luxembourg Company in London and Luxembourg respectively, as described in “General 
Information”.
Approved Statutory Auditors
The approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) of the Luxembourg Company, which have 
been appointed by a resolution of the Board dated 27 April 2023 until the date of the annual general 
meeting of the Luxembourg Company in 2024, are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative whose 
address is 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, L - 2182 Luxembourg and who belong to the Luxembourg institute of 
auditors (Instituts des réviseurs d’entreprises). PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative is also the 
approved statutory auditors of the Luxembourg Company for the annual accounts of the Luxembourg 
Company for the 2013 financial period, the 2014 financial period, the 2015 financial period, the 2016 
financial period, the 2017 financial period, the 2018 financial period, the 2019 financial period, the 2020 
financial period, the 2021 financial period, the 2022 financial period and the 2023 financial period. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative is regulated by the CSSF as competent authority for the 
public oversight of the audit profession.
According to the Securitisation Act 2004, they shall inform the Luxembourg Board and also the CSSF of 
any irregularities and inaccuracies which they detect during the performance of their duties.
CSSF supervision
The Luxembourg Company has the status of an authorised securitisation undertaking under the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and since the Luxembourg Company intends to issue securities to the public on a 
continuous basis, it is supervised by the CSSF. The CSSF ensures that it complies with the law and its 
obligations. This supervision will continue until such time as the Luxembourg Company is liquidated.
According to the Securitisation Act 2004, the CSSF may request from the Luxembourg Company a 
periodical statement of its assets and liabilities and its operating results.
The CSSF may also require communication of any information or carry out on-site investigations and 
inspect all the documents of the Luxembourg Company and of the Luxembourg Corporate Services 
Provider which relate to the organisation, administration, management, or operation of the Company or to 
the valuation of and return on the assets, in order to verify compliance with the provisions of the 
Securitisation Act 2004. The provisions set out in the Luxembourg Articles and in agreements relating to

--- Page 322 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
322
the issuance of securities (including, for instance, the Notes), and the accuracy of the information it has 
been provided with.
If the CSSF finds that the Luxembourg Company is not complying with the provisions of the Securitisation 
Act 2004, the Luxembourg Articles or the agreements relating to the issuance of securities, or that the 
rights attached to the securities issued by the Luxembourg Company may be impaired, it may require the 
Luxembourg Company to remedy the situation within a period of time it determines. If such requirement is 
not complied with, the CSSF may (i) render public its position regarding the findings it has made, (ii) prohibit 
the issuance of securities, (iii) request the listing of the securities issued by the Luxembourg Company to 
be suspended, (iv) request the presiding judge of the chamber of the Luxembourg district court dealing 
with commercial matters to appoint a provisional administrator for the Luxembourg Company, or (v) 
withdraw its authorisation.
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments
The Luxembourg Company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg. The Luxembourg Board may establish one or more 
Compartments. Each Compartment is a separate and distinct part of the Luxembourg Company’s estate 
(patrimoine) which may be distinguished by the nature of acquired risks or assets, the Conditions of the 
Notes issued in relation to the Compartment comprising the Master Conditions and relevant Issue Terms, 
and the reference currency or other distinguishing characteristics.
The specific objects of each Compartment and the Conditions of the Notes issued in respect of it shall be 
determined by the Luxembourg Board. Each Noteholder shall be deemed to fully adhere to, and be bound 
by, the Conditions applicable to the relevant Notes.
Subject as may be specified in the Luxembourg Articles and to any particular rights or limitations for the 
time being attached to any Notes, including, without limitation, the relevant Conditions thereof, if the net 
assets of a Compartment are liquidated, the net proceeds of liquidation shall be applied in the order set 
out in the Conditions.
The rights of Noteholders and other Secured Creditors in respect of a Series of Notes are limited to the 
assets of the corresponding Compartment, where these rights relate to that Compartment or have arisen 
at the occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of the relevant Compartment.
The assets of a Compartment are, in principle, available only to satisfy the rights of the Noteholders of 
Notes issued in relation to that Compartment and the rights of creditors whose claims have arisen at the 
occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of that Compartment (including the other Secured 
Creditors).
A creditor of the Luxembourg Company may have claims against the Luxembourg Company in respect of 
more than one Series, in which case the claims in respect of each individual Series will be limited to the 
net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property relating to that particular Series only. Assets held in different 
Compartments of the Luxembourg Company are deemed to be assets of separate entities for the purpose 
of creditors.
Noteholders may be exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the Luxembourg Company if foreign 
courts or regulators which have jurisdiction over assets of the Luxembourg Company allocated to a 
Compartment do not recognise the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for in 
the Securitisation Act 2004. If a creditor claims against the Luxembourg Company in respect of assets 
relating to a specific Compartment over which a foreign court has jurisdiction then, where such foreign 
court does not recognise compartmentalisation, the claim of such creditor may reduce the collateral assets 
of that Compartment and could, in turn, affect the scope of assets which are available for the claims of 
Noteholders and those of the Transaction Parties. For example, where the principal amount of collateral

--- Page 323 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
323
assets relating to a Compartment is equal to EUR 2,000,000 and a foreign claim is successful for EUR 
100,000, the pool of assets relating to such Compartment may be reduced to EUR 1,900,000.
To give effect to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the net proceeds of the 
Mortgaged Property of a Compartment are available only for the Transaction Parties for the relevant Series 
relating to that Compartment, the Luxembourg Issuer is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) 
permitted only to contract with parties on a “limited recourse” basis such that claims against the Issuer in 
relation to each Series would be restricted to the net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property of the 
Compartment for the relevant Series. In addition, the Luxembourg Issuer is (subject as provided for in the 
Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with parties on a “non-petition” basis. Provided such parties have 
agreed a non-petition clause, no such party will be able to petition or take any other step for the winding-
up or the bankruptcy of the Luxembourg Company or any other similar insolvency related proceedings in 
Luxembourg. However, there is no guarantee that all claims which arise against the Luxembourg Company 
will be on a limited recourse and non-petition basis, in particular claims arising from parties which have no 
direct contractual relationship with the Luxembourg Issuer.
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Luxembourg Company but which do not relate 
specifically to any Compartment may, under certain circumstances, be payable out of the assets allocated 
to Compartments. The Luxembourg Board shall ensure, to the extent possible (although there is no 
guarantee that the Luxembourg Board will be able to achieve this), that creditors of such other liabilities 
expressly waive recourse to the assets of any Compartment. The Luxembourg Board shall establish and 
maintain separate accounting records for each of the Compartments of the Luxembourg Company for the 
purposes of ascertaining the rights of the Noteholders of Notes issued in respect of each Compartment for 
the purposes of the Luxembourg Articles and the Conditions, and such accounting records shall be 
conclusive evidence of such rights in the absence of manifest error.
Special Purpose Vehicle
The Luxembourg Company’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain 
other obligations within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 (in respect of each Series and acting in 
respect of one of its Compartments, the “Luxembourg Issuer” and an “Issuer”), in each case for the 
purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. The Luxembourg 
Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, as long as any Note is outstanding, without the consent 
of the Trustee and each relevant Swap Counterparty, and except as provided for or contemplated in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document and within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, to engage in 
any business other than the issuance or entry into of bonds, notes or other securities or the entry into of 
loans or other agreements for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (within the limits of the 
Securitisation Act 2004), the entry into of related agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding 
of related assets and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and 
provided that:
(i)
such obligations are secured on assets of the Luxembourg Issuer other than any fees paid to the 
Luxembourg Issuer (for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other obligations and any 
assets securing any other obligations of the Luxembourg Issuer; and
(ii)
such obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions.
In addition, the Luxembourg Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will not, 
without the consent of the Trustee and each relevant Swap Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any 
subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or 
merge with any other person, convey or transfer its assets substantially as an entity to any person (other 
than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares.

--- Page 324 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
324
Insolvency Remoteness
The Luxembourg Company is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle.
The Luxembourg Company is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with 
parties who agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up, or bankruptcy or 
similar proceedings against the Luxembourg Company. Legal proceedings initiated against the 
Luxembourg Company in breach of these provisions shall, in principle, be declared inadmissible by a 
Luxembourg court.
However, if the Luxembourg Company fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, a creditor 
who has not (and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in 
respect of the Luxembourg Company is entitled to make an application for the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings against the Luxembourg Company. In that case, such creditor (other than a Non 
Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor or a Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor) should not have 
recourse to the assets of any Compartment but would have to exercise its rights over the general assets 
of the Luxembourg Company, but not to the assets of any other Compartment.
Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may, in certain conditions, entitle creditors to 
terminate contracts with the Luxembourg Company and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of 
such early termination.
The Luxembourg Company is insolvency-remote, not insolvency-proof.

--- Page 325 ---
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
325
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the Luxembourg Articles and is subject to the 
express terms of the Luxembourg Articles which are binding on all Noteholders. Potential investors 
should also refer to the Luxembourg Articles, which are available for inspection as set out in “General 
Information” below. The Luxembourg Articles are incorporated by reference in full into this Base 
Prospectus. Capitalised terms used in this section shall bear the meaning of the terms defined in the 
Luxembourg Articles.
The Luxembourg Articles contain provisions to the following effect:
Compartments and application of assets
The Luxembourg Board may establish one or more Compartments which may be distinguished by the 
nature of acquired risks or assets, the distinctive terms of the issues made in their respect, the reference 
currency or other distinguishing characteristics. The terms and conditions of the Notes issued in respect 
of, and the specific objects of, each Compartment shall be determined by the Luxembourg Board and shall 
be stated in the Conditions relating to that Compartment. Each Noteholder shall be fully aware of the 
Conditions applicable to the Notes and the Luxembourg Articles. Each Compartment may issue Notes.
Subject to any particular rights or variation of the following provisions or limitations for the time being set 
out in any Notes, as may be specified in the Luxembourg Articles or upon which such Notes may be issued 
including, without limitation, the relevant Conditions, if a Compartment is liquidated, its assets shall be 
applied in the following order:
(a)
first, pro rata in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts incurred by or payable in respect of such liquidation, including, if applicable, any such 
amounts incurred by or payable to the Trustee (if any) in respect of such Notes, any appointee 
thereof, or any receiver made or pursuant to the Issue Deed (if any) executed in respect of such 
Notes (including any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any security and the Trustee’s 
remuneration);
(b)
secondly, pro rata in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (which for this purpose shall include any amounts owing to the relevant Custodian (being 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch) for reimbursement in respect of 
payments made to the Swap Counterparty relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the 
Collateral);
(c)
thirdly, pro rata in payment of any amounts owing to the relevant Noteholders (which for this purpose 
shall include any amount owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, for reimbursement in respect of any payment made to Noteholders or to a clearing system 
on behalf of such holders); and
(d)
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Luxembourg Issuer which shall use such proceeds 
to pay, among other things, all other claims that have arisen in connection with the creation, the
operation or the liquidation of the Compartment and which are not provided for in the previous 
paragraphs or in the waterfall included in the Conditions (and any creditors of such claims, the 
“Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors”).
No Notes shall be issued on terms that entitle the Noteholders of any Series of Notes to participate in the 
assets of the Luxembourg Issuer other than the assets (if any) of the relevant Compartment. If the realised 
net assets of any Compartment are insufficient to pay any amounts otherwise payable on the relevant 
Series in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Luxembourg Articles, the relevant holders shall 
have no claim against the Luxembourg Issuer for or in respect of any shortfall and shall have no claim 
against any other Compartment or any other assets of the Luxembourg Issuer.

--- Page 326 ---
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
326
Each Compartment corresponds to a separate part of the Luxembourg Company’s assets and liabilities. 
The rights of the Noteholders of Notes issued in respect of a Compartment and the rights of creditors 
(including, without limitation, the Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors) are limited to the assets of that 
Compartment, where these rights relate to that Compartment or have arisen at the occasion of the 
constitution, the operation or the liquidation of that Compartment.
The assets of a Compartment are, subject to the Pro Rata Rights (as defined below) of the Non 
Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors (as defined below), exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the 
Noteholders of Notes issued in relation to that Compartment and the rights of creditors (including, without 
limitation, the Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors) whose claims have arisen at the occasion of the 
constitution, the operation or the liquidation of that Compartment and such Noteholders and such creditors 
acknowledge and accept that once all the assets allocated to that Compartment under which they have 
invested or in respect of which their claims have arisen, have been realised, they are not entitled to take 
any further steps against the Luxembourg Issuer or the Luxembourg Company to recover any further sums 
due and the right to receive any such sum shall be extinguished.
In the relationship between the Noteholders, each Compartment is deemed to be a separate entity.
The rights of creditors (the “Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors”) whose claims have not 
arisen in connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment and which have 
not waived their recourse to the assets of any Compartment, shall be allocated by the Luxembourg 
Company on a half year basis in arrears to all the Compartments (on an equal basis and pro rata temporis
for Compartments created within such half year) where the relevant Conditions or the Luxembourg Articles 
expressly authorise Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors to have recourse against the rights and 
assets allocated to such Compartments. Such rights of a Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor 
against a Compartment are hereinafter referred to as the “Pro Rata Rights”. Each Non Compartment-
Specific Claims Creditor acknowledges and accepts that once all the assets allocated to a Compartment 
in respect of which it has Pro Rata Rights have been realised, it is not entitled to take any further steps 
against the Luxembourg Issuer or the Luxembourg Company to recover such Pro Rata Rights and the right 
to receive any sum in respect of the Pro Rata Rights shall be extinguished.
The Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors and the Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors 
expressly accept, and shall be deemed to have accepted by entering into contractual obligations with the 
Luxembourg Issuer or the Luxembourg Company (as applicable), that priority of payment and waterfall 
provisions are included in the Luxembourg Articles and will be included in the Conditions and they 
expressly accept, and shall be deemed to have accepted the consequences of such priority of payments 
and waterfall provisions.
The Luxembourg Board shall establish and maintain separate accounting records for each of the 
Compartments of the Luxembourg Company for the purposes of ascertaining the rights of the Noteholders 
of Notes issued in respect of each Compartment for the purposes of the Luxembourg Articles and the 
Conditions, such accounting records to be conclusive evidence of such rights in the absence of manifest 
error. Where any asset is derived from another asset (whether cash or otherwise) such derivative asset 
shall be applied in the books of the Luxembourg Company to the same Compartment as the asset from 
which it was derived and on each revaluation of an asset the increase or diminution in the value of such 
asset shall be applied to the relevant Compartment. In the case of any asset of the Luxembourg Company 
(not being attributable to the shares) which the Luxembourg Board, or any person acting on behalf of the 
Luxembourg Board, does not consider is attributable to a particular Compartment, the Luxembourg Board, 
or any person acting on behalf of the Luxembourg Board, shall have the discretion to determine the basis 
upon which any such asset shall be allocated or apportioned between Compartments, if at all, and the 
Luxembourg Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to vary such basis.

--- Page 327 ---
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
327
Unless otherwise determined in the Conditions of a Compartment, the Luxembourg Board (or its delegate) 
may at any time liquidate single Compartments, unless such liquidation occurs in the context of a general 
liquidation of the Luxembourg Company.
Consolidated accounts of the Luxembourg Company, including all Compartments, shall be expressed in 
euros. The reference currencies of the Compartments may be in different denominations.
The rights of the shareholders or the sole shareholder of the Luxembourg Company are limited to the 
assets of the Luxembourg Company which are not allocated to a Compartment.
Meetings of the Luxembourg Board
The Luxembourg Board can deliberate and/or act validly only if at least the majority of the Luxembourg 
Company’s directors is present or represented at a meeting of the Luxembourg Board and if at least 50 
per cent. of the directors who are present at such meeting are resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. 
Decisions shall be taken by a majority of the votes of the directors present or represented at such meeting. 
In the event that at any meeting the number of votes for and against a resolution are equal, the chairman 
of the Luxembourg Board shall have a casting vote.
Directors
The Luxembourg Company shall be managed by a Luxembourg Board composed of at least three directors 
who need not be shareholders. They shall be elected for a term not exceeding six years and shall be 
eligible for re-election. Each director shall be appointed by the shareholders at the general meeting of the 
shareholders. The shareholders shall also determine the number of directors, their remuneration (if any) 
and the term of their office.
When a legal person is appointed as a member of the Luxembourg Board (the “Legal Entity”), the Legal 
Entity must designate a permanent representative (représentant permanent) who will represent the Legal 
Entity as member of the Luxembourg Board in accordance with the Companies Act 1915.
A majority of the directors are not resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes.
Delegation of Powers
The Luxembourg Board may appoint one or more persons (délégués à la gestion journalière), who may 
be, but need not be, directors, who shall have full authority to act on behalf of the Luxembourg Company 
in all matters concerned with the daily management and affairs of the Luxembourg Company. The 
Luxembourg Board is also authorised to appoint one or more persons, who may be, but need not be, 
directors without the prior authorisation of the general meeting of the shareholders, for the purposes of 
performing specific functions at every level within the Luxembourg Company. The Luxembourg Board is 
further authorised to appoint proxies for specific transactions.
Directors’ Interests
No contract or other transaction between the Luxembourg Company or the Luxembourg Issuer (as 
appropriate) and any other company or firm shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or 
more of the directors or officers of the Luxembourg Company is interested in, or is a director, associate, 
officer or employee of, such other company or firm. Any director or officer of the Luxembourg Company 
who serves as director, officer or employee of any company or firm with which the Luxembourg Company 
or the Luxembourg Issuer shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall not, solely by reason of 
such affiliation with such other issuer or firm, be prevented from considering and voting or acting upon any 
matters with respect to such contract or other business.
In the event that any director of the Luxembourg Company may have any personal and conflicting interest 
in any transaction of the Luxembourg Company or of the Luxembourg Issuer, such director shall make 
known to the Luxembourg Board such personal and conflicting interest and shall not consider or vote upon

--- Page 328 ---
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANY
328
any such transaction, and such transaction, and such director’s interest therein, shall be reported to the 
next following general meeting of the shareholders.
The paragraph above does not apply to resolutions of the Luxembourg Board concerning transactions 
made in the ordinary course of business of the Luxembourg Company or of the Luxembourg Issuer (as 
appropriate) which are entered into on arm’s length terms.
Winding-up
The Luxembourg Company may be dissolved, at any time, by a resolution of the general meeting of 
shareholders adopted in the manner required for amendment of the Luxembourg Articles.
In the event of a dissolution of the Luxembourg Company, the liquidation shall be carried out by one or 
more liquidators (who may be physical persons or legal entities) named by the general meeting of 
shareholders deciding such liquidation. Such general meeting of shareholders shall also determine the 
powers and the remuneration of the liquidator(s). The liquidation of a Compartment will not affect the status 
of any other Compartment nor of the Luxembourg Company. Sums and assets payable to investors (be 
they holders of Notes, other securities issued by the Luxembourg Issuer or Luxembourg Company or 
shareholders) who failed to present themselves at the time of the closure of the liquidation shall be paid to 
the public trust office (Caisse de consignation) to be held for the benefit of the persons entitled thereto.

--- Page 329 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN COMPANY
329
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN COMPANY
General
The Cayman Company is Ascent Finance Limited, a special purpose vehicle which is an exempted 
company registered and incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 15 
November 2018 for the purpose of (i) establishing the Programme and (ii) entering into the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party, provided always that the obligations of the Cayman Company are secured 
on assets of the Cayman Company other than the Cayman Company’s share capital and those assets 
securing any other obligations of the Cayman Company, and that such obligations are entered into on a 
limited recourse basis.
The Cayman Company is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with incorporation number 
345050 and has been incorporated for an indefinite period. The registered office of the Cayman Company 
is at the offices of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-
9005, Cayman Islands.
Share Capital and Shareholder
The authorised share capital of the Cayman Company is USD 50,000 divided into 50,000 Ordinary Shares 
(as defined in the Cayman Articles) with a par value of USD 1.00 each, 250 of which have been issued.
All of the issued shares are fully paid and are held to the order of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited as share 
trustee (the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a declaration of trust under which the Share Trustee holds 
them on trust for the Trustee on the terms set out therein for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee 
derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares of the 
Cayman Company.
Business
The Cayman Company has no subsidiaries. The only activities in which the Cayman Company has 
engaged are those incidental to its incorporation and registration as an exempted company under the 
Cayman Companies Act, the authorisation of the establishment of the Programme, the matters referred to 
or contemplated in this Programme Memorandum prior to the date of this Programme Memorandum and 
the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the other documents referred to in this 
Programme Memorandum to which it is a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the 
foregoing.
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Cayman Issuer shall not, without the prior consent in 
writing of the Trustee and the each relevant Swap Counterparty, except as otherwise provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, engage in any business other than issuing 
or entering into Obligations, entering into related agreements and transactions, and performing acts 
incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, subject always to the restrictions set out in the 
Trust Deed and the Conditions.
There is no limitation on the number of Series of Notes which the Cayman Issuer may have outstanding at 
any time.
The Cayman Issuer’s obligations under Notes issued or entered into by it under the Programme are 
obligations of the Cayman Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in anyway by, the Share Trustee or the 
Trustee or any other party. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, Credit 
Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG or any other Transaction Party.
The only assets of the Cayman Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of or counterparties to 
Notes will be the assets which comprise the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series of Notes, as 
described in the Conditions.

--- Page 330 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN COMPANY
330
Management and Supervisory Bodies
The directors of the Cayman Company are as follows:
Director
Nationality
Date of Birth
Ellen Janet Christian
British
1 August 1970
Samit Ghosh
British
10 July 1969
The business address of the directors at the offices of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, 
Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands.
Corporate Services Provider
Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited (in its capacity as Cayman Corporate Services Provider) provides 
corporate services to the Issuer on the terms set out in the Cayman Corporate Services Agreement. The 
Cayman Corporate Services Provider’s duties include the provision of certain corporate and related 
services. The Cayman Company or, as the case may be, the Cayman Corporate Services Provider, may 
terminate the Cayman Corporate Services Agreement upon 90 days’ notice in writing to the other.
The business address of the Cayman Corporate Services Provider is One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, 
Grand Cayman, KY1-9005, Cayman Islands. The telephone number of the Cayman Corporate Services 
Provider is +345 943 3100.
The other significant business of the Cayman Corporate Services Provider is the administration and 
management of other special purpose companies.
Financial Statements
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements of the Cayman Issuer have been prepared. The 
Cayman Issuer is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial 
statements.
Special Purpose Vehicle
The Cayman Company’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain 
other obligations within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the constitutional documents of the 
Cayman Issuer (in respect of each Series, the “Cayman Issuer” and an “Issuer”), in each case for the 
purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. The Cayman 
Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, as long as any Note is outstanding, without the consent 
of the Trustee and each relevant Swap Counterparty, and except as provided for or contemplated in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document and within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the 
constitutional documents of the Cayman Issuer, to engage in any business other than the issuance or entry 
into of bonds, notes or other securities or the entry into of loans or other agreements for the payment or 
repayment of borrowed money (within the limits of the Cayman Companies Act and the constitutional 
documents of the Cayman Issuer), the entry into of related agreements and transactions, the acquisition 
and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection 
therewith, and provided that:
(i)
such obligations are secured on assets of the Cayman Issuer other than any fees paid to the 
Cayman Issuer (for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other obligations and any assets 
securing any other obligations of the Cayman Issuer; and
(ii)
such obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions.
In addition, the Cayman Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will not, without 
the consent of the Trustee and each relevant Swap Counterparty, declare any dividends, have any

--- Page 331 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN COMPANY
331
subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or 
merge with any other person, convey or transfer its assets substantially as an entity to any person (other 
than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares.

--- Page 332 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE INTERNATIONAL AS SWAP COUNTERPARTY
332
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE INTERNATIONAL AS SWAP COUNTERPARTY
The information set out below has been obtained from Credit Suisse International. Such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Credit Suisse International, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. References to the “Swap Counterparty” in this section shall relate 
only to Credit Suisse International and not to any other Swap Counterparty.
The Swap Counterparty for a Series of Notes will be Credit Suisse International (i) in respect of Notes 
issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, unless specified to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in 
respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, if specified as applicable in the relevant Series 
Memorandum.
Credit Suisse International (the “Swap Counterparty”) was incorporated in England and Wales under the 
Companies Act 1985, on 9 May 1990, with registered no. 2500199 and was re-registered as an unlimited 
company under the name “Credit Suisse Financial Products” on 6 July 1990, and was renamed “Credit 
Suisse First Boston International” on 27 March 2000 and “Credit Suisse International” on 16 January 2006. 
Its registered office and principal place of business is at One Cabot Square, London E14 4QJ, telephone 
number +44 (0)20 7888 8888.
The Swap Counterparty is a bank domiciled in England established under English law and is authorised 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
the PRA.
The Swap Counterparty is an unlimited company and, as such, its shareholders have a joint, several and 
unlimited obligation to meet any insufficiency in the assets of the Swap Counterparty in the event of its 
liquidation. The joint, several and unlimited liability of the shareholders of the Swap Counterparty to meet 
any insufficiency in the assets of the Swap Counterparty will only apply upon liquidation of the Swap 
Counterparty. Therefore, prior to any liquidation of the Swap Counterparty, the creditors may only have 
recourse to the assets of the Swap Counterparty and not to those of its shareholders. The Swap 
Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on regulated markets including the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin.
The Swap Counterparty commenced business on 16 July 1990. Its principal business is banking, including 
the trading of derivative products linked to interest rates, foreign exchange, equities, commodities and 
credit. The primary objective of the Swap Counterparty is to provide comprehensive treasury and risk 
management derivative product services. The Swap Counterparty has established a significant presence 
in global derivative markets through offering a full range of derivative products and continues to develop 
new products in response to the needs of its customers and changes in underlying markets. This business 
is managed as a part of the Investment Banking Division of Credit Suisse AG.
The liquidity and capital requirements of the Swap Counterparty are managed as an integral part of the 
wider Credit Suisse group framework. This includes the local regulatory, liquidity and capital requirements 
in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 333 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS LONDON BRANCH AS SWAP 
COUNTERPARTY
333
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS LONDON BRANCH AS 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY
The information set out below has been obtained from Credit Suisse AG. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Credit Suisse AG, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. References to the “Swap Counterparty” in this section shall relate only to Credit Suisse AG 
and not to any other Swap Counterparty.
The Swap Counterparty for a Series of Notes will be Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch, 
in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.
Credit Suisse AG was established on 5 July 1856 and registered in the Commercial Register (registration 
no. CH-020.3.923.549-1) of the Canton of Zürich on 27 April 1883 for an unlimited duration under the name 
Schweizerische Kreditanstalt and is now registered under the number CHE106.831.974. Credit Suisse’s 
name was changed to Credit Suisse First Boston on 11 December 1996. On 13 May 2005, the Swiss 
banks Credit Suisse First Boston and Credit Suisse were merged. Credit Suisse First Boston was the 
surviving legal entity, and its name was changed to Credit Suisse (by entry in the commercial register). On 
9 November 2009, Credit Suisse was renamed “Credit Suisse AG”.
Credit Suisse AG is a bank and joint stock corporation that was established under Swiss law and operates 
under Swiss law. Credit Suisse AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse Group AG. The registered 
head office of Credit Suisse AG is in Zürich, and it has additional executive offices and principal branches 
located in London, New York, Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo. Credit Suisse AG has securities admitted 
to trading on regulated markets including the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
The registered head office of Credit Suisse AG is located at Paradeplatz 8, CH-8001, Zürich, Switzerland, 
and its telephone number is 41-44-333-1111.
The Legal Entity Identifier of Credit Suisse AG is ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86. Credit Suisse AG, London
Branch’s registered company number in the United Kingdom is FC00722.

--- Page 334 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS SINGAPORE BRANCH AS SWAP 
COUNTERPARTY
334
DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT SUISSE AG, ACTING THROUGH ITS SINGAPORE BRANCH 
AS SWAP COUNTERPARTY
The information set out below has been obtained from Credit Suisse AG. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Credit Suisse AG, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. References to the “Swap Counterparty” in this section shall relate only to Credit Suisse AG 
and not to any other Swap Counterparty.
The Swap Counterparty for a Series of Notes will be Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch 
in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, if specified as applicable in the relevant Series 
Memorandum.
Credit Suisse AG was established on 5 July 1856 and registered in the Commercial Register (registration 
no. CH-020.3.923.549-1) of the Canton of Zürich on 27 April 1883 for an unlimited duration under the name 
Schweizerische Kreditanstalt and is now registered under the number CHE106.831.974. Credit Suisse’s 
name was changed to Credit Suisse First Boston on 11 December 1996. On 13 May 2005, the Swiss 
banks Credit Suisse First Boston and Credit Suisse were merged. Credit Suisse First Boston was the 
surviving legal entity, and its name was changed to Credit Suisse (by entry in the commercial register). On 
9 November 2009, Credit Suisse was renamed “Credit Suisse AG”.
Credit Suisse AG is a bank and joint stock corporation that was established under Swiss law and operates 
under Swiss law. Credit Suisse AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse Group AG. The registered
head office of Credit Suisse AG is in Zürich, and it has additional executive offices and principal branches 
located in London, New York, Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo.
The registered head office of Credit Suisse AG is located at Paradeplatz 8, CH-8001, Zürich, Switzerland, 
and its telephone number is 41-44-333-1111.
The Legal Entity Identifier of Credit Suisse AG is ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86. Credit Suisse AG, 
Singapore Branch’s registration number in Singapore is S73FC2261L.

--- Page 335 ---
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL
335
ORIGINAL COLLATERAL
In respect of the Luxembourg Issuer, Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market may only be issued under this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation where the Original Collateral is collateral having the following 
characteristics (“CS Original Collateral”):
Issuer of CS Original Collateral:
Credit Suisse International (as described under the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of 
Credit Suisse International as Swap Counterparty”)
Status:
Senior, unsecured
Legal Nature:
Bonds
Governing law:
English law
Other:
Admitted to trading on a regulated market or equivalent 
market
In all other cases, the Original Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes will be as specified in the applicable 
Alternative Drawdown Document.

--- Page 336 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
336
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement in 
respect of which Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch or Credit 
Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch (as applicable) is the Swap Counterparty. If in respect of 
a Series where Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch or Credit 
Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch is not the Swap Counterparty, the applicable Alternative 
Drawdown Document will specify which Swap Agreement applies.
General
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into an ISDA 2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
together with a Schedule thereto (the “ISDA Master Agreement”) with a counterparty (the “Swap 
Counterparty”) and may also enter into a credit support annex to the Schedule to the ISDA Master 
Agreement in the form of the Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the “Credit Support 
Annex”). The Credit Support Annex (if any) will supplement, form part of, and be subject to, the ISDA 
Master Agreement and will form part of the Schedule thereto (the ISDA Master Agreement as 
supplemented by the Credit Support Annex (if any) the “Master Agreement”). For the purposes of the 
ISDA Master Agreement, the credit support arrangements set out in the Credit Support Annex (if any) will 
constitute a transaction for the purposes of the ISDA Master Agreement (for which purposes the Credit 
Support Annex will constitute the confirmation). In connection with the issue of a Series of Notes, the Issuer 
may enter into a transaction under the ISDA Master Agreement (the “Swap Transaction”, and the 
confirmation evidencing such transaction together with the Master Agreement, the “Swap Agreement”). 
Any Swap Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a Swap Agreement may not be amended without the 
consent of the Trustee and, in respect of a material change only, the Noteholders themselves. The Trustee 
can agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the 
Trust Deed) also agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders.
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such) that will be applicable if the Swap Counterparty is Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG, 
acting through its London Branch or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch. References 
to the “Swap Counterparty” in this section below shall refer to the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect 
of a Series of Notes, being to Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London
Branch, or Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch, as applicable, unless otherwise 
specified.
Payments
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will 
be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Collateral 
(if any) relating to such Notes.
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are 
designed to ensure that following the making of such payments the Issuer will have such funds, when 
taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received 
in respect of the Collateral (if any) relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations 
under such Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, 
its obligation:

--- Page 337 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
337
(i)
to pay the purchase price for the Collateral (if any) relating to the relevant Series of Notes; and/or
(ii)
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount.
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of the relevant Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction 
upon the payments that may be agreed. In addition, Collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer 
under the Credit Support Annex. As with respect to payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions 
of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of 
entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the provisions that may be agreed 
under the Credit Support Annex.
Events of Default
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) relating 
to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Swap 
Agreement.
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to:
(i)
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein;
(ii)
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and
(iii)
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another 
entity in circumstances where the resultant, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement.
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to:
(i)
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein;
(ii)
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated;
(iii)
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and
(iv)
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring 
all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all 
the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may 
deliver a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement.
Termination Events
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) the 
occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement. These include:
(i)
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events;

--- Page 338 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
338
(ii)
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax 
law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the 
relevant Swap Transaction(s);
(iii)
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Issuer or the 
Swap Counterparty;
(iv)
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement);
(v)
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so 
pursuant to the Conditions;
(vi)
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of 
the Code;
(vii)
any Transaction Document relating to the relevant Series of Notes is amended or waived without 
the Swap Counterparty’s prior written consent, such that the Swap Counterparty would, immediately 
after such amendment or waiver, be required to pay more or receive less under the Swap 
Agreement on any following payment date than would otherwise have been the case immediately 
prior to such amendment or waiver; and
(viii)
the rights of the Swap Counterparty are contractually subordinated to any other Secured Creditor, 
or the Issuer breaches certain covenants set out in the Trust Deed.
The occurrence of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty, depending on who is the “Affected Party” (as such term is defined in the Swap Agreement), 
to terminate the Swap Agreement and the occurrence of the events described in (iv) to (viii) above will 
entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement.
Early Termination Amount
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early 
Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement. Where the 
termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the 
determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap Agreement will 
specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain circumstances, that 
both parties will make such determination).
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party 
making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that 
have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as 
the “Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral posted between the parties 
pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement.
Under the Agency Agreement, where the Issuer is the party required to make the calculation of the Close-
out Amount, the Calculation Agent has agreed to make the requisite calculation on behalf of the Issuer. If 
a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs in such circumstances, there may be a delay in the 
determination of the Close-out Amount (and, as a result, in the payment of the Early Termination Amount) 
pending appointment of a replacement Calculation Agent as provided in the Conditions.

--- Page 339 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
339
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the currency in which the relevant Series 
to which such Swap Agreement relates is denominated.
Sanctions
Upon the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, and subject to the Sanctions Redemption occurring, all 
obligations will be suspended under the Swap Agreement until the Sanctions Event End Date.

--- Page 340 ---
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
340
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer, the Luxembourg Issuer pledges to the Trustee, and 
grants to the Trustee a Luxembourg law security interest (“gage”) over, all of the Collateral from time to 
time held with the Custodian in Luxembourg (being The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch) as continuing security for the full payment, discharge and performance of the Issuer’s liabilities in 
respect of a Series of Notes and in relation to the relevant Compartment and subject to Luxembourg law.
In respect of Notes issued by either Issuer, to the extent that any Collateral is held by or through the 
relevant Custodian through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an alternative clearing 
system (each, a “clearing system”), neither the Issuer nor the relevant Custodian is the legal owner of the 
physical collateral itself but instead they merely have interests in that physical collateral. As between the 
Issuer and the relevant Custodian, such interests arise from the Agency Agreement. In turn, the relevant 
Custodian will have rights either against an intermediary or against the relevant clearing system as an 
accountholder in that clearing system; the clearing system will have rights against the common depositary 
and the common depositary will have rights against the issuer of the Collateral. As a result, where Collateral 
is held by or through the relevant Custodian through a clearing system, the Security will take the form of 
an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the relevant Custodian under the Agency Agreement, rather 
than a pledge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 341 ---
TAXATION
341
TAXATION
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Notes under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile.
Prospective investors should read the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Company and the Issuer -
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments” for a discussion of the potential of 
withholding taxes imposed in connection with FATCA.
Luxembourg Tax Considerations
Luxembourg Taxation
The following overview is of a general nature. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors 
in the Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer should therefore consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.
Taxation of the Luxembourg Issuer
The Luxembourg Company will be considered a fiscal resident of Luxembourg from a Luxembourg tax law 
perspective and should therefore be able to obtain a residence certificate from the Luxembourg tax 
authorities.
The Luxembourg Company will be liable for Luxembourg corporation taxes. The current standard 
applicable rate in Luxembourg city, including corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), 
municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal) and solidarity taxes, is 24.94 per cent. Liability for 
such corporation taxes extends to the Luxembourg Company’s worldwide profits including capital gains, 
subject to the provisions of any relevant double taxation treaty. The taxable income of the Luxembourg 
Company is computed by application of all rules of the Luxembourg income tax law of 4 December 1967, 
as amended (loi concernant l’impôt sur le revenu).
Under certain conditions, dividends received by the Luxembourg Company from qualifying participations 
and capital gains realised by the Luxembourg Company on the sale of qualifying participations may be 
exempt from Luxembourg corporation taxes under the Luxembourg participation exemption. The 
Luxembourg Company may further deduct from its taxable profits at arm’s length interest payments made 
to Noteholders, subject to the interest deduction limitation rules introduced by the ATAD Law.
A fixed registration duty (droit fixe spécifique d’enregistrement) of EUR 75 is payable at the moment of the 
amendment of the Luxembourg Articles. There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty 
or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the issue of the 
Notes or in respect of the payment of principal or interest under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. If 
any documents in respect of the Notes are registered in Luxembourg, they could be subject to a fixed or 
an ad valorem registration duty, depending on the nature of the document being registered.
The Luxembourg Company will be subject to lump sum minimum net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) for 
an amount of EUR 4,815 if the Luxembourg Company’s financial assets (financial fixed assets, amounts 
owed by affiliated undertakings, transferable securities and cash at bank and in hand) exceed (i) 90% of 
the Company’s balance sheet total and (ii) EUR 350,000. In case the latter conditions are not met, the 
lump sum minimum net wealth tax amount ranges from EUR 535 to 32,100 depending on the Luxembourg 
Company’s balance sheet total.

--- Page 342 ---
TAXATION
342
Taxation of the Noteholders
Withholding tax
Subject to the discussion of FATCA contained herein, under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in 
force and with the possible exception of interest paid to certain individual Noteholders there is no 
withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident Noteholders, 
nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident Noteholders.
Non-resident Noteholders
Subject to the discussion of FATCA contained herein under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in 
force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident 
Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding 
tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders.
Resident Noteholders
Under the Law of 23 December 2005, as amended, (the “Law”) payments of interest or similar income 
made or ascribed by a paying agent within the meaning of the Law established in Luxembourg to or for the 
benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax 
of 20 per cent.
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments 
of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law would be subject to withholding tax of 20 
per cent.
Income Taxation
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal.
A Noteholder who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent establishment or 
a fixed place of business in Luxembourg, to which the Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax in respect of the interest paid or accrued on, or any other income derived from, the Notes. An 
individual Luxembourg resident Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest or any other income received, except if 
withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Law.
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised by an individual Noteholder, who acts in the course 
of the management of his private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided 
this sale or disposal took place at least six months after the acquisition of the Notes. An individual 
Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his private wealth and who is a resident of 
Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes in his taxable income, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied 
on such payments in accordance with the Law, or (ii) the individual Noteholder has opted for the application 
of a 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Law, which applies if a payment 
of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in an EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than an EU Member State).
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident 
taxpayers receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth.
Gains realised by a corporate Noteholder or by an individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes

--- Page 343 ---
TAXATION
343
or who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg, to which the Notes are 
attributable, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are subject to Luxembourg income 
tax.
A Luxembourg Noteholder that is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as 
amended, by (ii) the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by 
(iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or (iv) by the law of 23 July 
2016 on reserved alternative investment funds provided that said Noteholder did not foresee in its 
incorporation documents that its exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that article 48 of the 
aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies, will not be subject to any Luxembourg income tax in respect 
of interest received or accrued on the Notes, or on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of Notes.
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes.
Gains realised by a non-resident Noteholder, who does not have a permanent establishment or fixed place 
of business in Luxembourg, to which the Notes are attributable, on the sale or disposal of Notes are not 
subject to Luxembourg income tax.
Net wealth tax
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except, excluding the application of a 
possible minimum net wealth tax, if the Noteholder is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate companies, as amended, by (ii) the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, by (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended, (iv) by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, (v) is a securitisation 
company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or (vi) is a risk capital 
company governed by the law of 15 June 2004, as amended.
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
net wealth tax on Notes.
Other Taxes
Under present Luxembourg tax law, in the case where a Noteholder is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate, for inheritance tax 
purposes and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes, if the gift is recorded in a Luxembourg 
deed.
Irish Tax Considerations
Irish Taxation
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of Irish withholding 
tax on interest and addresses the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes. See the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to the Company and the Issuer - FATCA and the possibility 
of U.S. withholding tax on payments” herein for a discussion of the potential of withholding taxes imposed 
in connection with FATCA. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers 
holding Notes, including dealers in securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal 
advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish 
taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of

--- Page 344 ---
TAXATION
344
the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or 
domicile.
Withholding Tax
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Notes 
may be treated as having an Irish source if:
(a)
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or
(b)
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is 
used to fund the payments on the Notes; or
(c)
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained in 
Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland.
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer 
will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) payments under the Notes will not be 
derived from Irish sources or assets; (iv) Bearer Notes will not be physically located in Ireland and the 
Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in Ireland.
Encashment Tax
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) from 
interest on any interest paid on the Notes issued by a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest 
is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any holder of the Notes who 
is Irish resident. Encashment tax does not apply where the holder of the Notes is not resident in Ireland 
and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank.
Cayman Islands Tax Considerations
The following is a discussion of certain Cayman Islands tax considerations in relation to an investment in 
the Notes. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and 
retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular 
circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands 
law.
Under existing Cayman Islands laws:
(a)
payments of interest, principal and other amounts in respect of the Notes will not be subject to 
taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of interest, 
principal and other amounts on the Notes or a distribution to any holder of the Notes, nor will gains 
derived from the disposal of the Notes be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. The 
Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, 
inheritance tax or gift tax;
(b)
no stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue or transfer of the Notes although duty may be 
payable if the Notes are executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands or produced before the 
courts of the Cayman Islands; and
(c)
certificates evidencing the Notes, in registered form, to which title is not transferable by delivery, 
should not attract Cayman Islands stamp duty. However, an instrument transferring title to a Note, 
if brought to or executed in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty.

--- Page 345 ---
TAXATION
345
The Cayman Issuer has been incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands as 
an exempted company and, as such, has applied for and obtained an undertaking from the Governor in 
Cabinet of the Cayman Islands in the following form:
The Tax Concessions Law
Undertaking as to Tax Concessions
In accordance with the Tax Concession Law, the following undertaking is hereby given to:
ASCENT FINANCE LIMITED “the Company”
(a)
That no Law which is hereafter enacted in the Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, 
income, gains or appreciations shall apply to the Company or its operations; and
(b)
In addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature 
of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable
(i)
on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations of the Company; or
(ii)
by way of the withholding in whole or part of any relevant payment as defined in the Tax 
Concessions Law.
These concessions shall be for a period of TWENTY years from the 23rd day of November 2018.
“ACTING CLERK OF THE CABINET”
The Cayman Islands does not have any income tax treaty arrangement with any country, however the 
Cayman Islands has entered into tax information exchange agreements with a number of countries.

--- Page 346 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
346
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
In the following paragraphs of this “Subscription and Sale” section, references to “Notes” should be taken 
to include references to “interests in Notes held through CDIs”.
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the dealer agreement (constituted by the execution of the 
Programme Deed) (the “Dealer Agreement”), the Notes may be sold to Credit Suisse International or any 
further financial institution appointed as dealer under the Dealer Agreement (together, the “Dealer(s)”), 
who shall act as principals in relation to such sales. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in Series or Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealer(s).
The Issuer may pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it.
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against 
certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be 
terminated in relation to all the Dealer(s) or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and itself only, 
by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 10 days’ notice.
The Dealer(s) may sell Notes to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at 
negotiated prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than the 
Issue Price of the Notes.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S of the Securities Act, as amended (“Regulation 
S”). The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not at any time 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a 
U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”), but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons 
(“Rule 4.7”)) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 
15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not at any time be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations (but excluding for purposes of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code)), 
transactions that would permit resale of the Bearer Notes after the expiration of the restricted period to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person). Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
delivered and will not at any time offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution or (ii) otherwise within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) not a Non-
United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7) or (c) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention 
regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934), and it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other

--- Page 347 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
347
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), persons who are not Non-United States 
persons (as defined in Rule 4.7) and U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations issued 
under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Terms used in this paragraph and not 
otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act.
Each purchaser of Notes and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales at any time, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed 
and acknowledged that:
(i)
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not 
a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S), (b) it 
is a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7) and (c) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a 
person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.
(ii)
It understands that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the 
Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission 
thereunder and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, it will not at any time offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except (a) in an 
offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, and (b) to a person 
who is a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7).
(iii)
The Issuer, the Registrar, the Arranger and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision:
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a)
a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(ii)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes

--- Page 348 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
348
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:
(i)
if the relevant Series Prospectus in relation to the Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member 
State (a “Non-exempt Offer”) following the date of publication of such a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, 
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Series Prospectus and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;
(ii)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(iii)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer for the relevant Tranche; 
or
(iv)
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or 
the Dealer for the relevant Tranche to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member 
State includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For the purposes of this provision:
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA; or
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(ii)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 349 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
349
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(i)
if the relevant Series Prospectus in relation to the Notes specifies that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”) following the date of 
publication of such a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the FCA, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Series Prospectus and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;
(ii)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(iii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
Dealer for the relevant Tranche; or
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or 
the Dealer for the relevant Tranche to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes in the UK means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the EUWA.
United Kingdom
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Switzerland
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that:
(i)
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer to the public 
in Switzerland, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer

--- Page 350 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
350
does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus 
in respect of any such Notes published according to Article 64 FinSA specify “Swiss Non-exempt 
Offer” as “Applicable”, in the “Swiss Offer Period” specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus, and if consent has been granted to use the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) FinSA; 
or
(ii)
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in Switzerland, and has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or 
where such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland.
For these purposes “public offer” refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”).
If Notes qualifying as debt instruments with a “derivative character” (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information 
document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in 
respect of such Notes must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key 
information document is required for Notes that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset 
management agreement.
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered and will not offer such 
Notes to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland, other than where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland” to be (i) “Not Applicable” or (ii) 
“Applicable” but a period(s) of time is specified therein, with respect to such period(s). For these purposes, 
a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined 
in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an 
institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management 
agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. For these purposes “offer” refers to the interpretation of such 
term in Article 58 FinSA.
Cayman Islands
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make any invitation to the public 
in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any of the Notes.
Hong Kong
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer, each Dealer has represented and agreed that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; 
and
(ii)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of

--- Page 351 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
351
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of Hong Kong) and any rules made under that Ordinance.
Singapore
This document and other related documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated 
or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”)) under 
Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to 
Section 275(1)), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275, of the SFA, (and where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:
(i)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018)) the sole business of which is to 
hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or
(ii)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities (as defined in the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(a)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(b)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(c)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(d)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(e)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for reoffering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with the exemption under the FIEA and all other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines in Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 352 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
352
Bahrain
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to existing account 
holders and “Accredited Investors” as such term is defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the “CBB”) in 
the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least USD 100,000 (or 
any equivalent amount in another currency) or such other amount as the CBB may determine.
Any such offer does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article (81) 
of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection 
with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or indirectly, to 
persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to “Accredited Investors” for an offer outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain.
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part 
of the content of this Base Prospectus.
No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus or related 
offering documents must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to or made 
available to the public generally.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
This document and other related documents may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority of Saudi Arabia which were approved by CMA Board Resolution 
No. 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H. 
The Capital Market Authority of Saudi Arabia does not make any representation as to the accuracy or 
completeness of this document and other related documents, and expressly disclaims any liability 
whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document and other 
related documents. Prospective purchasers of Notes offered hereby should conduct their own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If prospective purchasers of Notes do 
not understand the contents of this document and other related documents, they should consult an 
authorised financial advisor.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable 
Alternative Drawdown Document issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any applicable Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.

--- Page 353 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
353
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any applicable Issue Terms 
and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 354 ---
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
354
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE RESOLUTION OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any resolution regime may adversely 
affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any implementing legislation, 
if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original Collateral Obligor) or the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is within the scope of any implementing legislation:
(i)
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral or the Swap Agreement 
(as the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person;
(ii)
any applicable suspension of power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination rights 
under the Swap Agreement; or
(iii)
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap Agreement 
and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may be different to the 
value that would have been determined by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty (as the case may 
be).
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is complex 
and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor or the Swap Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Notes 
in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the 
Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or any Transaction 
Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of 
redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it 
deems necessary to ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 355 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
355
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax payments
Background
A payment with respect to a Note, the Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any) could be subject 
to U.S. withholding both under FATCA and as a result of being treated as a dividend equivalent payment. 
The maximum rate of U.S. withholding on such payment would not exceed 30 per cent.
A number of jurisdictions (including the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. The Cayman Issuer is a “foreign financial institution” for 
the purposes of FATCA.
Possible impact on payments on Collateral (if any) and Swap Agreement (if any)
If the Company or the Issuer, as appropriate, fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including 
any Luxembourg or Cayman Islands IGA, as applicable, and any related IGA legislation, regulations or 
guidance notes thereunder), it may be subject to FATCA Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it 
receives with respect to the Original Collateral or the Swap Agreement (in each case, if any). Any such 
withholding would, in turn, result in the relevant Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make 
payments that would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes or the Swap Agreement with 
respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction Party to make 
up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to satisfy its payment 
obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral are, 
will become or are deemed on any test date to be subject to FATCA Withholding, the Notes will be subject 
to early redemption (see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk relating to the Notes – Early 
redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons”). No assurance can be given that the Company or 
the Issuer, as appropriate, can or will comply with its obligations under FATCA or that the Company or the 
Issuer, as appropriate, will not be subject to FATCA Withholding.
Possible impact on payments on the Notes
The Issuer may be required to withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries through which 
such Notes are held) that are foreign financial institutions that are not compliant with, or exempt from, 
FATCA or Noteholders that do not provide the information, documentation or certifications required for the 
Issuer to comply with its obligations under FATCA. Additionally, the Issuer is also permitted to make any 
amendments to the Notes and the Swap Agreement (if any) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to 
comply with its obligations under FATCA (including any Luxembourg or Cayman Islands IGA, as 
applicable, and any related IGA legislation, regulations or guidance notes thereunder) and any such 
amendment will be binding on the Noteholders.
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts in the event 
FATCA withholding tax is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. FATCA is particularly 
complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is subject to change. Potential 
investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.
Possible redemption of the Notes
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes has failed to 
provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance with Master Condition 12(b) 
(Provision of information) such that any payment received by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or 
withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting

--- Page 356 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
356
Regime, the Notes shall redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk 
factor entitled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons”).
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Company or the Issuer (as appropriate), the Notes 
and the Noteholders is subject to change.
U.S. Dodd-Frank Act
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 2010 
(“Dodd-Frank”), establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts (collectively referred to as “covered swaps”). Among other things, Title VII provides the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”) with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types of derivatives that were 
previously traded over the counter, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration and 
regulatory framework applicable to covered swap dealers and other major market participants, requires 
many types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on swap execution facilities and centrally 
cleared, and provides for the imposition of capital and margin requirements for uncleared transactions in 
covered swaps (such requirements to be phased in beginning March 2017).
While Title VII provided that it was to go into effect on 16 July 2011, the SEC and CFTC have repeatedly 
delayed compliance with many of Title VII’s requirements through exemptive orders, no-action letters or 
other forms of relief. While the CFTC had adopted a number of regulations under Title VII and many of the 
obligations under those regulations have become effective, the SEC is significantly behind the CFTC and 
many of its rules are not yet in effect. As Title VII’s requirements go into effect, it is clear that covered swap 
counterparties, dealers and other major market participants, as well as commercial users of covered 
swaps, will experience new and/or additional regulatory requirements, compliance burdens and associated 
costs.
Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside 
the scope of Dodd-Frank, there is no assurance that the Issuer’s Swap Agreements would not be treated 
as covered swaps under Title VII, nor is there assurance that the Issuer would not be required to comply 
with additional regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, including by Dodd-Frank 
(the “CEA”), as described immediately below. If the Issuer’s Swap Agreements are treated as covered 
swaps under Title VII, the Issuer may be required to comply with additional regulation under the CEA. 
Moreover, the Issuer could be required to register as a commodity pool operator and to register the Issuer 
as a commodity pool with the CFTC (see “U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation” below).
Such additional regulations and/or registration requirements may result in, among other things, increased 
reporting and regulatory compliance obligations and also in extraordinary expenses of the Issuer thereby 
materially and adversely impacting a transaction’s value. Any such additional registration requirements 
could result in one or more service providers or counterparties to the Issuer resigning, seeking to withdraw 
or renegotiating their relationship with the Issuer. To the extent any service providers resign, it may be 
difficult to replace such service providers.
Under Dodd-Frank, Swap Agreements entered into between the Issuer and a Swap Counterparty may be 
subject to mandatory execution, clearing and documentation requirements. Even those Swap Agreements 
not required to be cleared will generally be subject to initial and variation margining and documentation 
requirements that may require modifications to existing agreements. Any of the foregoing requirements 
and/or other requirements or obligations under Dodd-Frank could materially increase costs associated with 
the Programme and could materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes.
Investors are urged to consult their own advisors regarding the suitability of an investment in any Notes.

--- Page 357 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
357
U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation
The CFTC has rescinded a rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a “commodity 
pool operator” (a “CPO”) or a “commodity trading advisor” under the CEA, in respect of certain transactions 
and investment vehicles involving sophisticated investors. Dodd-Frank also expanded the definition of 
“commodity pool” to include any form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity 
interests, including swaps. It should also be noted that the definition of “swap” under Dodd-Frank is itself
broad and expressly includes certain interest rate swaps, currency swaps and total return swaps. The term 
“commodity pool operator” has been expanded to include any person engaged in a business that is of the 
nature of a commodity pool or similar enterprise and in connection therewith, solicits, accepts, or receives 
from others, funds, securities or property for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including any 
swaps. The CFTC has taken an expansive interpretation of these definitions and has expressed the view 
that entering into a single swap could make an entity a “commodity pool” subject to regulation under the 
CEA. The CFTC has also provided certain exemptive relief in respect of these matters although there is 
no guarantee that all or any aspects of the Programme will be able to take advantage of such relief.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no person has registered nor will register as a CPO of either Issuer 
under the CEA and the CFTC Rules thereunder. No assurance can be made that either the U.S. federal 
government or a U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will not take further legislative 
or regulatory action, and the effect of such action, if any, cannot be known or predicted. Notwithstanding 
the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside the scope of the 
CEA, if the Issuer was deemed to be one or more “commodity pools”, then whoever is deemed to be acting 
as a CPO in respect thereof would be required to register as such with the CFTC. While there remain 
certain limited exemptions from registration, because the wording of these regulations applies to traditional 
commodity pools and was not drafted with transactions such as those contemplated in relation to the 
Programme in mind, these exemptions may not be available to avoid registration with respect to the Issuer 
or other parties. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a “commodity pool”, it would have to comply 
with a number of reporting and regulatory requirements that are geared to traded commodity pools. 
Complying with these requirements on an ongoing basis could impose significant costs on the Issuer that 
may materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes. It is presently unclear how an investment 
vehicle such as the Issuer could comply with certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. 
Such registration and other requirements would also involve material ongoing costs to the Issuer. The 
scope of such requirements and related compliance costs is uncertain but could materially and adversely 
affect the value of the Notes.
U.S. Volcker Rule
On 10 December 2013, the SEC, the CFTC and three U.S. banking regulators approved a final rule to 
implement the Volcker Rule. Subject to certain exceptions, the Volcker Rule prohibits sponsorship of and 
investment in certain “covered funds” by “banking entities”, a term that includes Credit Suisse International 
and most internationally active banking organizations that may be Swap Counterparties. Even if an 
exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest in a covered fund, the banking entity may be 
prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that covered fund. Covered transactions 
include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction if the swap would result in a credit exposure 
to the covered fund.
If the Issuer is considered a covered fund and if any affiliate of a Swap Counterparty were to be deemed 
to be a “sponsor” of the Issuer, a Swap Counterparty could be prohibited from entering into Swap 
Agreements with the Issuer, which could have material adverse effects on the Notes. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may incur additional costs in seeking new swap counterparties in order to maintain the payment 
characteristics of the Notes, although there is no guarantee that it will be able to find such counterparties. 
Such costs could materially and adversely affect the value of and any return on the Notes. If the Issuer is 
considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be materially and adversely

--- Page 358 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
358
affected, since banking entities could be prohibited from, or face restrictions in, investing in the Notes. This 
could make it difficult or impossible for Noteholders to sell the Notes or it could materially and adversely 
affect their market value.
U.S. withholding taxes on dividend equivalent payments
Under Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (“Section 871(m)”), a 
“dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States and will be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. when paid to a non-U.S. person. A “dividend 
equivalent” payment generally includes a payment (or deemed payment) that is contingent upon, or 
determined by reference to, the payment of a U.S.-source dividend under certain financial instruments. An 
instrument or agreement whose economic characteristics are sufficiently similar to those of an underlying 
or referenced U.S. security that pays U.S.-source dividends under tests provided in applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) regime (such an instrument or 
agreement, a “Specified Transaction”). The tests applicable for determining whether an instrument or 
agreement is a Specified Transaction will depend on the terms of the relevant instrument or agreement 
and the date on which the instrument or agreement is priced, or issued or entered into (the applicable date 
to be determined in accordance with Section 871(m)), and may be subject to redetermination in connection 
with certain modifications of the instrument or agreement, or upon the rebalancing of a basket of reference 
assets or an index referenced by the Notes.
In general, Section 871(m) will not apply to certain financial instruments issued or entered into prior to 1 
January 2019 if such financial instruments are not “delta one” transactions. In addition, the Section 871(m) 
regulations provide certain broadly applicable exceptions to characterization as Specified Transactions, in 
particular for certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. While the Issuer’s determination 
generally is binding on Noteholders, it is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). The IRS 
may successfully argue that a Note is subject to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding the 
Issuer’s determination to the contrary. Further, it is possible that U.S. withholding tax could apply to the 
Notes under these rules if a Noteholder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of 
the underlying equity, basket or index, or the Notes. A Noteholder that enters, or has entered, into other 
transactions in respect of the underlying or the Notes should consult its own tax advisor regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to its Notes in the context of its other transactions.
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents may be required on any portion of a payment or deemed 
payment under a Specified Transaction, including, if appropriate, the payment of the purchase price, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse, disposition, settlement or other resolution to a non-U.S. person. If the 
underlying or referenced U.S. security or securities are expected to be treated as paying dividends during 
the term of the Specified Transaction, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified 
Transaction does not provide for payments explicitly linked to such dividends.
If the Issuer were subject to withholding under Section 871(m) in respect of payments it receives with 
respect to the Original Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any), such withholding would, in turn, 
result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that would otherwise have 
become due in respect of the Notes or under the Swap Agreement (if any). No other funds would be 
available to the Issuer to make up any shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer would not have sufficient funds 
to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. If the Issuer or any party acting on behalf of the Issuer 
determines that withholding is required on payments to Noteholders under the Notes, neither the Issuer 
nor any other party will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. If 
withholding applies, the rate of any withholding may not be reduced even if the holder is otherwise eligible 
for a reduction under an applicable treaty, although Noteholders that are entitled to a lower rate of 
withholding under a tax treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a 
U.S. tax return. However, Noteholders may not receive the necessary information to properly claim a refund 
for any withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the IRS may not credit a

--- Page 359 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
359
holder with withholding taxes remitted in respect of its Notes for purposes of claiming a refund. Finally, a 
Noteholder’s resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the Noteholder to take a credit for U.S. withholding 
taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the consequences to them of the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes, including 
their ability to claim refunds or credits in respect of amounts withheld, under an applicable tax treaty with 
the United States (although, for the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not have the ability to claim back 
any amounts of withholding in respect of payments received by the Issuer with respect to the Original 
Collateral (if any) or the Swap Agreement (if any)). Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in respect of its 
assets or payments to the Noteholders on the Notes are, will become, or are deemed on any relevant date 
to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Notes would generally be subject to early 
redemption.

--- Page 360 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION
360
GENERAL INFORMATION
(i)
The website of the Luxembourg Company is http://www.argentumcapital.lu/.
(ii)
The establishment of the Programme was authorised:
(a)
in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer, by a resolution of the Luxembourg Board on 17 
December 2013. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Luxembourg Board in 
connection with the update of the Programme and approved by a resolution of the 
Luxembourg Board passed on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. The issue of each 
Series of Notes will be authorised by a separate resolution of the Luxembourg Board; and
(b)
in respect of the Cayman Issuer, by a resolution of the Cayman Board passed on 29 January 
2019. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Cayman Board in connection with the 
update of the Programme and approved by a resolution of the Cayman Board passed on or 
around the date of this Base Prospectus. The issue of each Series of Notes will be authorised 
by a separate resolution of the Cayman Board.
(iii)
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Luxembourg 
Company, and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Luxembourg 
Company in each case, since 31 December 2022, being the date of its last audited financial 
statements. All of the Luxembourg Company’s audited financial statements can be obtained in the 
following website: http://www.argentumcapital.lu/#financial_statements.
(iv)
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Cayman Company, 
and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Cayman Company in 
each case, since its date of incorporation, being 15 November 2018.
(v)
The Cayman Company has not published any financial statements.
(vi)
In respect of each Luxembourg Company and Cayman Company, there are no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the relevant Company is aware) which may have, or have had since the date of its 
incorporation, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of such Company.
(vii)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt and Coupon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
(viii)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms.
(ix)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of (a) the Luxembourg Issuer is 635400KVM2W97YKRGY86 and 
(b) the Cayman Issuer is 549300G7PLQXCAR26C38.
(x)
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
(xi)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as each Company is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the

--- Page 361 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION
361
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland.
(xii)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
applicable Issue Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. Each Issuer 
does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes or in 
relation to the Collateral.
(xiii)
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus (in respect of sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (d) below and for so long as any listed Note remains outstanding, from the date of the relevant 
document (in respect of sub-paragraph (e) below)), (i) copies of the following documents will be 
available in printed form free of charge, during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with 
respect to the location of the relevant offices specified below) on any weekday (Saturdays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the Specified 
Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, if the Issuer is the Luxembourg Issuer, in electronic 
form on the website of the Issuer (http://www.argentumcapital.lu/) and (ii) electronic copies of the 
following documents may be provided by the Issuing and Paying Agent by email to a holder 
requesting copies of such documents (such request to be made by emailing the Issuing and Paying 
Agent at CSQ@bnymellon.com), subject to the Issuing and Paying Agent being supplied by the 
relevant Issuer with copies of such documents and provided that such holder produces evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity:
(a)
the documents comprising the Principal Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global 
Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the Global Certificate, the Certificates, the Coupons, the 
Receipts and the Talons);
(b)
the up-to-date Luxembourg Articles or Cayman Articles, as applicable;
(c)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further prospectus;
(d)
copies of the latest annual report and accounts of the Luxembourg Issuer, including interim 
accounts; and
(e)
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which any 
Note is at the relevant time listed.
(xiv)
None of the Issuer, either Swap Counterparty nor any other relevant party intends to provide post-
issuance information regarding either Swap Counterparty, any Collateral Obligor, Notes to be listed 
on a stock exchange or, where applicable, performance of the Original Collateral or any Reference 
Entity.
(xv)
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
(xvi)
In respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer only, Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 362 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
362
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[Final Terms may only be completed in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer which are listed 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or offered to the public in Switzerland and may not be 
completed in respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer.]
Final Terms dated []
ARGENTUM CAPITAL S.A.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400KVM2W97YKRGY86
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of 
Luxembourg with its registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, registered with the RCS Luxembourg under number B182715 and subject to the 
Securitisation Act 2004)
acting in respect of its Compartment []
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES]
under the
Secured Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[If “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as “Applicable”]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[If “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as “Applicable”]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors

--- Page 363 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
363
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND
[Other than with respect to offers of the Notes during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period specified in 
the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” below] [period[s] [●] until [●],] for which a key information 
document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent document 
under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Notes are not intended to be offered to private clients within the 
meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)] [FinSA] in Switzerland. For these 
purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) 
FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset 
management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]1
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are not subject to the supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors will not benefit from the specific 
investor protection under the CISA.]2
[BENCHMARKS
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]], which is 
provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify 
administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR“).] (Include where Floating Rate is 
Applicable)
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] (As above, include where Floating 
Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR)
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following terms 
(the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Notes.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2023 [and the Supplemental Prospectus dated [] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
For the purpose of these Final Terms, references to Issue Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed as references to Final Terms in respect of the Notes. [[These Final Terms do not relate to a non-
exempt public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]3 These Final Terms will be deposited 
with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published according to 
Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)][FinSA] for the purposes of an offer of the 
                                                  
1
Include if the Notes potentially constitute debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered 
in Switzerland and no key information document or equivalent document under FinSA will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to private clients in Switzerland for any other reason, in which case, the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland” selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable” in the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” of the 
Final Terms. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the Issuer to permit offers to private clients in 
Switzerland for a specified period.
2
Include if the Notes are offered in Switzerland.
3
Include where applicable.

--- Page 364 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
364
Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented] which has been included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved 
according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA by 
SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 
FinSA.]4 [This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.]5 These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus will be available 
for viewing at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for 12 months from the date of the Base 
Prospectus [[and] during normal business hours at [] and copies may be obtained from []].
(Final Terms shall only be used for Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer where (i) a public 
offering of the Notes is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) the Original 
Collateral is CS Original Collateral. In addition, Final Terms shall also be used in respect of an offer 
of Notes by the Luxembourg Issuer to the public in Switzerland other than pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act is intended)
(Consideration should be given as to whether a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation might be required.)
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.)
SERIES DETAILS
1
(i)
Company:
(ii)
Issuer:
[Argentum Capital S.A.
Argentum Capital S.A., acting in respect of its compartment 
[●]6.
2
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
[A separate compartment has been created by the Board in 
respect of the Notes (“Compartment [●]”). Compartment [●] 
is a separate part of the Company’s assets and liabilities. 
The Mortgaged Property (relating to the Notes) is exclusively 
available to satisfy the rights of the Noteholders (in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set out in these 
Final Terms) and the rights of the other Secured Creditors 
whose claims have arisen at the occasion of the creation, 
the operation or the liquidation of Compartment [●], as 
contemplated by the Luxembourg Articles.]
(ii)
[Tranche Number:
[●]]
(If fungible with an existing 
Series, provide details of that 
Series, including the date on 
which 
the 
Notes 
become 
fungible)].
3
Specified Currency:
[●]
                                                  
4
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland.
5
Include where the Final Terms constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
6
Ascent Finance Limited may not issue Notes using Final Terms.

--- Page 365 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
365
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
[●]
(i)
[Series:
[●]]
(ii)
[Tranche:
[●]]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
6
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●] (Minimum of €100,000 or equivalent on the Issue Date)
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[Issue Date]/[●]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Initial Trade Date:
[●]
8
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[No interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes]
[Change of Interest Basis applies to the Notes, in respect of 
which see paragraph 13 below]
(Further particulars specified in the “Provisions Relating to 
Interest (if any) Payable” section below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount]
[Instalment]
11
[Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by the Board 
on or around the Issue Date.] (Only relevant where Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes)
12
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Applicable, insert further particulars regarding the Interest 
Periods for which each of Fixed and Floating Rates apply)
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify the 
Interest Period(s) to which Fixed Rate applies)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[●] in arrear]

--- Page 366 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
366
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted]
(iii)
[Interest Amount:
[●]]
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual–ICMA]
(v)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify the 
Interest Period(s) to which Floating Rate applies)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[●]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[●]
(iv)
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined:
[ISDA 
Determination]/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][, 
provided that the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period shall 
be subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest [and] [Maximum 
Rate of Interest] set out below]
(v)
Margin(s):
[[+]/[-]/[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[0.00]/[[●]] per cent. per annum
(vii) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(viii) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the
Calculation Agent):
[●]]
(Only include where ISDA Determination is not specified 
above)
(ix)
[ISDA 
Determination:] 
(only include where ISDA 
Determination applies)
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below)
–
Benchmark:
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]

--- Page 367 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
367
–
Reset Date:
[●]
–
ISDA Definitions:
[As defined in the Master Conditions]
(x)
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination:] 
(only 
include where Screen Rate 
applies)
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below)
–
Reference Rate:
[[●] month]
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR]/[Compounded Daily €STR]/[Compounded Daily 
SARON]/[Compounded Daily TONA]
[For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means [specify] 
(Delete if Index Determination is applicable in respect of 
either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR)]
[Version 1]/[Version 2] applies (specify the version of the 
Reference Rate being used from Master Condition 7(b)(ix)
(Screen Rate Determination))
–
Observation Method:
[Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift]
(Specify Lag or Shift for Version 1 Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Version 1 Compounded Daily SOFR, except where 
Index Determination is applicable, or for Version 1 
Compounded Daily €STR or for Version 1 Compounded 
Daily SARON or Version 1 Compounded Daily TONA. 
Otherwise specify Not Applicable)
–
Observation 
Look-
Back Period:
[Not 
Applicable]/[●]/[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business Days]/[Tokyo Banking Days]/[Zurich Banking 
Days]
(Specify for Version 1 Compounded Daily SONIA, Version 1 
Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable, Version 1 Compounded Daily 
€STR, Version 1 Compounded Daily SARON or Version 1 
Compounded 
Daily 
TONA. 
Otherwise 
specify 
Not 
Applicable. Note that there must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments)
–
Index Determination:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify if the Screen Rate is 
either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR or, if Version 2 applies, Compounded Daily €STR or 
Compounded Daily SARON)
–
Daily Capped Rate:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
–
Daily Floored Rate:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(Insert if Version 2 applies and if relevant)
(xi)
Reference 
Rate 
Trade 
Date:
[●]

--- Page 368 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
368
(xii) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate:
[●]
(xiii) Cut-off Date:
[As defined in the Master Conditions]
(xiv) Linear Interpolation:
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to] fall on [●] 
(Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]
(This should be Applicable where there are short or long 
Interest Periods)
(xv) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual–ICMA]
(xvi) [Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
(Specify one of the following if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as Applicable)
[[Second London Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index Determination does 
not apply)
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date and 
“Relevant Number” means [insert number being two or 
greater]] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 Compounded 
Daily SONIA where Index Determination applies)
[Second U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the 
case of Version 1 Compounded Daily SOFR where Index 
Determination does not apply)
[The day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date and “Relevant Number” means [insert number 
being two or greater]] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination 
applies)
[Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of 
Version 1 Compounded Daily €STR)

--- Page 369 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
369
[Second Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SARON)]
[Second Tokyo Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily TONA)]
[The relevant Interest Period End Date] (Specify in the case 
of a Version 2 Reference Rate)
(xvii)Interest 
Determination 
Date:
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
17
–
Amount Payable:
[●]
18
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]
19
Business Centre(s):
[●]
20
Default Interest:
[As per Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest)]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable]
MORTGAGED PROPERTY
21
Mortgaged Property:
(i)
Original Collateral:
The Original Collateral shall comprise [[●] in principal 
amount of an issue of Credit Suisse International of [insert 
description of the underlying assets] identified below:
Original Collateral Obligor:
Credit 
Suisse 
International
Address: 
One 
Cabot 
Square
London 
E14 
4QJ 
United 
Kingdom
Country of Incorporation: 
United Kingdom
Nature of the Business:
Financial Services
Listed on the following stock
Exchanges/Admitted to
trading on the following
regulated market or
equivalent third country
market or SME growth
market: 
Euronext Dublin
Asset:
ISIN:
[●]
Maturity:
[●]
Currency:
[●]

--- Page 370 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
370
Regulated Market on which
admitted to trading:
[●]
Documentation:
[●]
–
Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date:
[Initial Trade Date]/[●]
–
Purchase 
of 
Original
Collateral:
The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from 
[Vendor] on or around the Issue Date pursuant to [paragraph 
[6] (Original Collateral Sale Provisions) of the Issue Deed].
(ii)
Swap Agreement:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Swap Counterparty:
[Credit Suisse International]/[Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its London Branch]/[Not Applicable]
(iv)
Credit Support Annex:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(v)
Original 
Collateral 
Substitution:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
–
New Collateral Criteria:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
22
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Physical Settlement]
23
Collateral Event:
(Include all of the following that are applicable)
[Original Collateral Call]
[Original Collateral Default]
[Original Collateral Non-Call Event]
[Original Collateral Payment Failure]
[Original Collateral Conversion]
[Currency Redenomination Event]
[Original Collateral Subordination Event]
[Not Applicable]
24
[Early Redemption Notification 
Period:
[As per Master Conditions][●]]
25
Regulatory Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
26
Trigger Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
–
Trigger Level:
[●]
27
Swap Disruption Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
28
Original Collateral Disruption 
Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
29
Material Change Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
30
Redemption by Instalments:
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment Dates relating 
to Notes that are redeemed by instalment)]

--- Page 371 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
371
31
Early 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount:
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]
32
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method:
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option]/[●]
PRODUCT SUPPLEMENTS AND ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS
33
Applicable 
Product 
Supplement:
Not Applicable
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISPOSAL AGENT
34
Disposal Agent:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. In addition, the provisions in the Conditions 
relating 
to 
Disposal 
Agent, 
Liquidation, 
Liquidate, 
Liquidated, Liquidating, Liquidation Commencement Notice, 
Liquidation Default, Liquidation Event and/or Relevant 
Payment 
Date, including, without 
limitation, Master 
Conditions 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation 
Event), 11(c) (Disposal Agent appointment, termination and 
replacement)), 13 (Liquidation) and 15(a) (Application of 
Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds of 
Liquidation) shall not apply hereto)
(i)
Disposal Agent:
[Credit Suisse International]/[Specify name and address]
(ii)
Liquidation:
As per Master Conditions
–
Liquidation 
Parameters:
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable, 
as 
per 
Master 
Conditions]/[Specify if other]
(iii)
Quotation Dealers:
[As per (specify if specific Quotation Dealers should be 
used) Master Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)] 
[Specify if other values]
(iv)
Disposal Agent Fee:
[Yes]/[No]
(If yes, specify fee)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
35
Form of Notes:
(i)
Bearer or Registered:
[Bearer Notes:
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
[Registered Notes:
[Certificate other than Global Certificates]

--- Page 372 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
372
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Certificates in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Global Certificate]]
(ii)
The 
Issuer 
intends 
to 
permit indirect interests in 
the Notes to be held 
through 
the 
CREST 
Depositary Interests to be 
issued through the CREST 
Depositary:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
36
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable]
(When dealing with Bearer Notes, please specify TEFRA C 
should apply unless instructed otherwise.)
37
New Global Note:
[Yes]/[No]
38
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]/[[●]]
39
Reference Business Day:
[TARGET]/[TARGET Settlement Day]/[place(s)]
40
Reference 
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]
41
Agents:
(i)
Calculation Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(ii)
Custodian:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(iii)
Disposal Agent:
See paragraph 33(i) above
(iv)
Issuing and Paying Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(v)
Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s):
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(vi)
Registrar:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(vii) Collateral Administrator:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]/[Not 
Applicable]
(viii) [Transfer Agent(s):
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]]
(ix)
[Listing Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]]
42
Ratings Downgrade:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(i)
Rating Downgrade Trigger 
for Standard and Poor’s:
[As per Master Condition 11(d)]/[Specify if other]
(ii)
Rating Downgrade Trigger 
for Moody’s:
[As per Master Condition 11(d)]/[Specify if other]

--- Page 373 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
373
43
Section 871(m):
(CS Legal should be consulted 
where applicable)
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes (without regard 
to any other transactions) should not be treated as 
transactions that are subject to U.S. withholding tax under 
Section 871(m)]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes 
should be treated as transactions that are subject to U.S. 
withholding tax under Section 871(m)]
44
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]]
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or (b) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and 
a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) will be prepared;
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes may 
or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) a KID 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation will not be prepared.)
45
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]]
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or (b) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and 
a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) will be prepared;
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes may 
or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) a KID 
required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation will not be prepared.)
46
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland:
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during [the 
Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] [●] until 
[●]]]
[Not Applicable]]
[Swiss KID Compliant Sales 
Period:
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until 
[specify date][[the date which falls [●] Reference Business 
Days after] the Issue Date]]]
47
Swiss Non-exempt Offer:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 46.)
[Swiss Offer Period:
[specify date] until [specify date]]
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 63(5) of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance 
(FinSO):
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is triggered 
during the Swiss Offer Period, investors who have already 
subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes 
before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the publication 
of such supplement regardless of whether the Swiss Offer 
Period closes prior to the expiry of such two day period.]
[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 374 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
374
(Specify as applicable and tailor as appropriate where the 
Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation 
Ltd. as review body in Switzerland.)
[Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to use 
the Base Prospectus for Swiss 
Non-exempt Offers:
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] [Credit Suisse 
International]
(Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary to be 
fulfilled so as to be able to make a Swiss Non-exempt Offer. 
No such offer should be made until those requirements have 
been met.)]
DISTRIBUTION
48
(i)
If syndicated, names of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s)]
(ii)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):
Not Applicable
49
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable]/[Credit Suisse International]
[RESPONSIBILITY
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph 21 has been extracted from [specify 
source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
conducted extensive due diligence on such information or made any enquiries as to its own possession 
of non-publicly available information.]]
Signed on behalf of [NAME OF ISSUER]:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of [NAME OF ISSUER]:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 375 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
375
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING
Listing and admission to trading:
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
trading on the Regulated Market.]
(Final Terms will only be prepared for those Series of Notes 
meeting the relevant criteria and where listing is 
contemplated on Euronext Dublin. Where a Series of Notes 
is intended to be listed on another regulated market, a 
Series Prospectus will be prepared instead.)
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
[Not Applicable]
(Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland but 
not with the Central Bank of Ireland)
Estimate 
of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[●]
2
2 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:]
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement:
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 2. If conflicts have been discussed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were 
disclosed.)
3
3 [REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES:]
(i)
[Reasons for the offer
[●]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons here.)]
(ii)
[Estimated net proceeds:
[●]]
(iii)
[Estimated total expenses:
[●]]
4
4 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
5
5 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
[Swiss Security Number:
[●]]
[WKN:
[●]]

--- Page 376 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS
376
Clearing system(s) and any 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.]
[CREST]
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]]
Delivery:
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes]/[No]
[Note that the designation “yes” means simply that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper, and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this 
text if “yes” selected, in which case Bearer Notes must be 
issued in NGN form)]
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)](include this text for registered notes). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] (Include this text if “no” is selected)]

--- Page 377 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
377
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
[A Series Prospectus may only be completed in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer which 
are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II or offered to the public in Switzerland. A Series Memorandum may be completed in respect of 
Notes which are (i) issued by the Luxembourg Issuer that are admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and trading on GEM or (ii) issued by either the Cayman Issuer or the Luxembourg Issuer which are 
not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock exchange. For 
the avoidance of doubt, a Series Memorandum may be completed in respect of Notes which will be listed 
on a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The relevant Issuer shall be 
specified in paragraph 1(ii) below.]
[Series Prospectus]/[Series Memorandum] dated [●]
[ARGENTUM CAPITAL S.A.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400KVM2W97YKRGY86
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of 
Luxembourg with its registered office at 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, registered with the RCS Luxembourg under number B182715 and subject to the 
Securitisation Act 2004)
acting in respect of its Compartment []]
[ASCENT FINANCE LIMITED
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300G7PLQXCAR26C38
(an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability, 
with its registered office at the offices of Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, 
Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands)]
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES]
under the Secured Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[If “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as “Applicable”]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[If “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as “Applicable”]

--- Page 378 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
378
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND
[Other than with respect to offers of the Notes during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period specified in 
the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” below] [period[s] [●] until [●],] for which a key information 
document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent document 
under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Notes are not intended to be offered to private clients within the 
meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)] [FinSA] in Switzerland. For these 
purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client 
as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) 
FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset 
management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]7
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are not subject to the supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors will not benefit from the specific 
investor protection under the CISA.]8
[BENCHMARKS
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of this [Series Prospectus]/[Series 
Memorandum], [specify administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR“).] 
(Include where Floating Rate is Applicable)
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
                                                  
7
Include if the Notes potentially constitute debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered 
in Switzerland and no key information document or equivalent document under FinSA will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to private clients in Switzerland for any other reason, in which case, the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland” selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable” in the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” of the 
Issue Terms. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the Issuer to permit offers to private clients in 
Switzerland for a specified period.
8
Include if the Notes are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 379 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
379
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] (As above, include where Floating 
Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR)
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of this [Series Prospectus]/[Series 
Memorandum], [specify administrator’s legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK BMR“).] (Include 
where Floating Rate is Applicable)
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the UK BMR by virtue 
of article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in article 51 of the UK BMR apply,] such that 
[specify administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] (As above, include where 
Floating Rate is Applicable)] (Include if interest is linked to a benchmark, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR)
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following terms in 
relation to the Notes.
[This Series Prospectus as approved by the Central Bank of Ireland will be filed with SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved 
according to Article 54(2) [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)][FinSA] for entry on the 
list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA, deposited with this review body and 
published according to Article 64 FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Notes issued by the Luxembourg 
Issuer to the public in Switzerland.]9
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Issue Terms and the [Base Prospectus]//[Base Listing Particulars]/[Programme Memorandum]10
dated 23 May 2023[, which has been included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved according 
to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA by SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 FinSA,]11
[and the [Supplemental Base Prospectus[es]]/[Supplemental Base Listing Particular[s]]/[Supplemental 
Programme Memorandum] dated [●]].
[The Base Prospectus will be available for viewing at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for 12 
months from the date of the Base Prospectus [[and] during normal business hours at [] [and copies may 
be obtained from []]].] (Include in respect of Notes issued by way of Series Prospectus only)
                                                  
9
Include where the Series Prospectus as approved by the Central Bank of Ireland is filed and deposited with SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland.
10 References to “Base Prospectus” should be used in conjunction with an issuance of Notes by the Luxembourg Issuer which are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland.
References to “Base Listing Particulars” should be used in conjunction with an issuance of Notes by the Luxembourg Issuer which 
are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market.
References to “Programme Memorandum” should be used in conjunction with an issuance of Notes by the Cayman Issuer only 
in respect of Notes which are not intended to be offered to the public, listed or admitted to trading on any regulated stock 
exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, such Notes may be listed on a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II.
11 Include where the Series Prospectus as approved by the Central Bank of Ireland is filed and deposited with SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland.

--- Page 380 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
380
SERIES DETAILS
1
(i)
Company:
(ii)
Issuer:
[Argentum Capital S.A.]/[Ascent Finance Limited]
[Argentum Capital S.A., acting in respect of its Compartment 
[●]]/[Ascent Finance Limited]
2
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
[A separate compartment has been created by the Board in 
respect of the Notes (“Compartment [●]”). Compartment [●] 
is a separate part of the Company’s assets and liabilities. 
The Mortgaged Property (relating to the Notes) is exclusively 
available to satisfy the rights of the Noteholders (in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set out in these 
Issue Terms) and the rights of the other Secured Creditors 
whose claims have arisen at the occasion of the creation, 
the operation or the liquidation of Compartment [●], as 
contemplated by the Luxembourg Articles.] (Include in 
respect of the Luxembourg Issuer only)
(ii)
Classes:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
[This Series comprises [●] classes (each, a “Class” or “Class 
of Notes”). The Notes of each Class will rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and each Class 
will rank pari passu and without any preference between the 
Classes.] (Include if Classes are applicable)
(If Classes are applicable, populate each paragraph below 
with the relevant information for each Class)
(iii)
[Base Currency:
[●]] (Include if Classes with multiple Specified Currencies 
are applicable)
(iv)
[Tranche Number:
[●]]
(If fungible with an existing 
Series or Class, provide details 
of that Series or Class, including 
the date on which the Notes 
become fungible).]
3
Specified Currency:
[●]
(i)
[Class:
[●]](Insert details for all applicable Classes)
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
[●]
(i)
[Series:
[●]]
(ii)
[Class:
[●]](Insert details for all applicable Classes)
(iii)
[Tranche:
[●]]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
6
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]

--- Page 381 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
381
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[Issue Date]/[●]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Initial Trade Date:
[●]
8
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[No interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes]
[Change of Interest Basis applies to the Notes, in respect of 
which see paragraph 13 below]
(Further particulars specified in the “Provisions Relating to 
Interest (if any) Payable” section below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount]
[Instalment]
11
[Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by the Board 
on or around the Issue Date.] (Only relevant where Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes)
12
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Applicable, insert further particulars regarding the Interest 
Periods for which each of Fixed and Floating Rates apply)
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify the 
Interest Period(s) to which Fixed Rate applies)
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”][/not adjusted]
(iii)
[Interest Amount:
[●]]
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 382 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
382
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]]
(v)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Change of Interest Basis is Applicable, please specify the 
Interest Period(s) to which Floating Rate applies)
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[●]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[●]
(iv)
Method of Floating Rate 
Determination:
[ISDA 
Determination: 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions][ISDA 
Determination: 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][, provided that the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period shall be subject to the [Minimum Rate of 
Interest] [and] [Maximum Rate of Interest] set out below] 
[Specify if other]
(v)
Margin(s):
[[+]/[-]/[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[0.00]/[[●]] per cent. per annum
(vii) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(viii) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):
[●]]
(Only include where ISDA Determination is not specified 
above)
(ix)
[ISDA Determination: (only 
include 
where 
ISDA 
Determination applies)
[Applicable: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below. If Applicable, insert the relevant sub-
paragraphs with respect to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable)
[2006 ISDA Definitions:
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight 
Floating Rate Option is Applicable)
–
Reset Date:
[●]
–
Overnight Floating
Rate 
Option:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, please 
delete sub-paragraphs below)
Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method:
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method]

--- Page 383 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
383
[Overnight Rate
Compounding Method:
[OIS Compounding:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]]
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Compounding 
with 
Lockout:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)

--- Page 384 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
384
[Lockout: [[●] 
Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As
per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
Day Count Basis:
[●]/[the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction]]
(Delete 
entire 
paragraph 
if 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies)
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method applies) (If Not 
Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)
[Overnight Averaging:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)

--- Page 385 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
385
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]]
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not
Applicable]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lockout: [[●] 
Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]]
(Delete 
entire 
paragraph 
if 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method applies)
–
Delayed Payment:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(If “Delayed Payment” is specified as applicable, specify the 
required dates below)
-
- Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [●] Business Days 
following each Interest Period Date
–
Linear Interpolation:
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to] fall on [●] 
(Amend as required)/[Not Applicable]
(This should be Applicable where there are short or long 
Interest Periods)
[2021 ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 386 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
386
–
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Publication Version:
Version [●], dated [●]
–
Floating 
Rate 
Matrix 
Publication Version:
Version [●], dated [●]
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●] (Insert the applicable option from the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rates Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix (note that 
this can also include CMS rates and differences between 
rates))
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight 
Floating Rate Option is Applicable)
–
Reset Date:
[●]
–
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only specify as applicable if a 
Screen Rate (unless it is a Published Average Rate to which 
averaging has already been applied) applies. For Calculated 
Rates, any compounding/averaging will be done in 
accordance with the method specified in the Matrix. If Not 
Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)
–
Overnight 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method:
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method]
–
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method applies)
(If Not 
Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)
[OIS Compounding:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]

--- Page 387 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
387
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]]
[Observation 
Period 
Shift
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Compounding 
with 
Lockout:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lockout: [[●] 
Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
Day Count Basis:
[●]/[the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction]
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] (Delete if any of the above Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods applies)]] (Delete entire paragraph if 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method applies)
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method applies) (If Not 
Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)
[Overnight Averaging:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)

--- Page 388 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
388
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]]
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]]
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not
Applicable, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below)
[Lockout: [[●] 
Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]]
[Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]]

--- Page 389 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
389
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]]]
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] (Delete if any of the above Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods applies)]] (Delete entire paragraph if 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method applies)
–
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
–
Non-Representative:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
–
Successor 
Benchmark:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
–
Successor 
Benchmark Effective 
Date:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
–
Delayed Payment:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(If “Delayed Payment” is specified as applicable, specify the 
required dates below)
Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [●] Business Days
following each Interest Period Date
–
Linear Interpolation:
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to] fall on [●] 
(Amend as required)/[Not Applicable]
(This should be Applicable where there are short or long 
Interest Periods)
(x)
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination:] 
(only 
include where Screen Rate 
applies)
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below)
–
Reference Rate:
[[●] month]
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR]/[Compounded Daily €STR]/[Compounded Daily 
SARON]/[Compounded Daily TONA]
[For this purpose Relevant Screen Page means [specify] 
(Delete if Index Determination is applicable in respect of 
either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR)]

--- Page 390 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
390
[Version 1]/[Version 2] applies (specify the version of the 
Reference Rate being used from Master Condition 7(b)(ix)
(Screen Rate Determination))
–
Observation Method:
[Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift]
(Specify Lag or Shift for Version 1 Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Version 1 Compounded Daily SOFR, except where 
Index Determination is applicable, or for Version 1 
Compounded Daily €STR or for Version 1 Compounded 
Daily SARON or Version 1 Compounded Daily TONA. 
Otherwise specify Not Applicable)
–
Observation 
Look-
Back Period:
[Not 
Applicable]/[●]/[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business Days]/[Tokyo Banking Days]/[Zurich Banking 
Days]
(Specify for Version 1 Compounded Daily SONIA, Version 1 
Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable, Version 1 Compounded Daily 
€STR, Version 1 Compounded Daily SARON or Version 1 
Compounded 
Daily 
TONA. 
Otherwise 
specify 
Not 
Applicable. Note that there must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system payments)
–
Index Determination:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify if the Screen Rate is 
either Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR or, if Version 2 applies, Compounded Daily €STR or 
Compounded Daily SARON)
–
Daily Capped Rate:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
–
Daily Floored Rate:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(Insert if Version 2 applies and if relevant)
(xi)
Reference 
Rate 
Trade 
Date:
[●]
(xii) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate:
[●]
(xiii) Cut-off Date:
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[●]
(xiv) Linear Interpolation:
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to] fall on [●] 
(Amend as required)/[Not Applicable]
(This should be Applicable where there are short or long 
Interest Periods)
(xv) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 391 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
391
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(xvi) [Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. Note: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
(Specify one of the following if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as Applicable)
[[Second London Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index Determination does 
not apply)
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date and 
“Relevant Number” means [insert number being two or 
greater]] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 Compounded 
Daily SONIA where Index Determination applies)
[Second U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the 
case of Version 1 Compounded Daily SOFR where Index 
Determination does not apply)
[The day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date and “Relevant Number” means [insert number 
being two or greater]] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination 
applies)
[Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of 
Version 1 Compounded Daily €STR)
[Second Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily SARON)]
[Second Tokyo Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date] (Applicable in the case of Version 1 
Compounded Daily TONA)]
[The relevant Interest Period End Date] (Specify in the case 
of a Version 2 Reference Rate)
(xvii)Interest
Determination 
Date:
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable]
(xviii)
[Reference 
Rate 
Modification:
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate]]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
–
Amount Payable:
[●]

--- Page 392 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
392
17
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]
Unscheduled Holidays: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
18
Business Centre(s):
[●]
19
Default Interest:
[As per Master Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest)]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable]
MORTGAGED PROPERTY
20
Mortgaged Property:
(i)
Original Collateral:
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal amount 
of an issue of [●] of [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below]/[the following assets (each, a 
“Collateral Component”) in the respective weightings (each, 
a “Weighting”) specified below] (Include where Collateral 
Basket Product Supplement is specified):
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor:
[●]
Address:
[●]
Country 
of 
Incorporation:
[●]
Nature 
of 
the 
Business:
[●]
[Listed 
on 
the 
following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to trading 
on 
the 
following 
regulated 
market or equivalent 
third country market 
or 
SME 
growth 
market:
[●]] (Delete this item unless Notes 
are admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market)
Asset:
ISIN:
[●]
Maturity:
[●]
Currency:
[●]
Governing Law:
[●]
Markets 
on 
which 
Original Collateral is 
admitted to trading:
[●]
[Documentation:
[●] (Delete this item unless Notes 
are admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market)]

--- Page 393 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
393
[Weighting:
[●]] (Include where Collateral 
Basket Product Supplement is 
specified)
(Include additional Collateral Components are required 
where Collateral Basket Product Supplement is specified)
The Issuer is expected to purchase [the Collateral 
Components comprising] (Insert where Collateral Basket 
Product Supplement is specified) the Original Collateral 
from the Vendor on or around the Issue Date pursuant to the 
securities sale provisions contained within the Issue Deed 
entered into between the parties on the Issue Date.
–
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Reference 
Date:
[Initial Trade Date]/[●]
(ii)
Swap Agreement:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Swap Counterparty:
[Credit Suisse International] /[Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its London Branch]12/[Credit Suisse AG, acting 
through its Singapore Branch]/[Not Applicable]
(iv)
Credit Support Annex:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
[See Schedule 1 (Credit Support Annex) to these Issue 
Terms for a description of certain elections applying in 
respect of the Credit Support Annex] (If applicable, include 
Schedule 1 to these Issue Terms)
(v)
Repurchase Agreement:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(Include details if specified as applicable)
(vi)
Securities 
Lending 
Agreement:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(Include details if specified as applicable)
(vii) Original 
Collateral 
Substitution:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
–
New 
Collateral 
Criteria:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
21
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Physical Settlement] [As 
specified in the applicable Product Supplement]
22
Collateral Event:
(Include all of the following that are applicable)
[Original Collateral Call]
[Original Collateral Default]
[Original Collateral Non-Call Event]
[Original Collateral Payment Failure]
[Original Collateral Conversion]
[Currency Redenomination Event]
                                                  
12 The Swap Counterparty must be specified as “Credit Suisse International”, “Credit Suisse AG, acting through its London Branch”
or “Not Applicable” in respect of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer.

--- Page 394 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
394
[Original Collateral Subordination Event]
23
[Early Redemption Notification 
Period:
[As per Master Conditions][●]]
24
Regulatory Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
25
Trigger Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
–
Trigger Level:
[●]
26
Swap Disruption Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
27
Original Collateral Disruption 
Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
28
Material Change Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
29
Redemption by Instalments:
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment Dates relating 
to Notes that are redeemed by instalment)]
30
[Independent 
Class 
Early 
Redemption:
[Applicable: [●]] (Specify whether applicable to specific 
Classes or events only)]/[Not Applicable]](Delete this 
paragraph if Classes do not apply)
31
Early 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount:
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]
32
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method:
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option]/[●] (This 
should always be Cash Settlement where Classes are 
applicable)
PRODUCT SUPPLEMENTS AND ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS
33
Applicable Product Supplement:
[Not Applicable]
[Pass-Through Note Terms Product Supplement]
[CLN 
Conditions 
Product 
Supplement]
[Collateral Basket Product Supplement]
34
Pass-Through Notes:
(i)
Pass-Through 
Fee 
Amount:
[Not Applicable]/[●]
(ii)
Number 
of 
Reference 
Business Days:
[●]
35
Collateral Basket Notes:
(i)
Collateral Basket Unwind 
Mechanics:
[Full Unwind]
[Partial Unwind]
[Partial Unwind with Shortfall]
(ii)
[Collateral 
Exhaustion 
Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if “Partial 
Unwind with Shortfall” is not applicable)

--- Page 395 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
395
[CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS
36
(i)
CLN Type:
[Single Name CLN]/[First-to-Default Basket CLN]/[Linear 
Basket 1 CLN]/[Linear Basket 2 CLN]/[Index Linked 
CLN]/[Other]
(ii)
Credit Event Settlement 
Method:
[Auction Redemption]/[Fixed Recovery Redemption]
–
Fallback Redemption 
Method:
[Cash Redemption]/[Other]
–
Fixed 
Recovery 
Percentage:
[[●] per cent.]] (Delete this row if not applicable)
[–
Index:
[Specify Index Name]]
–
Annex Date:
[Specify Series and Version](Only applicable for Index 
Linked CLNs)
(iii)
Trade Date:
Initial Trade Date/[●]
(iv)
Reference 
Entit[y][ies][, 
Weighting and Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount 
(Insert 
Weighting 
and 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for Basket CLNs)]:
[Specify]/[Bloomberg ticker [●]]
[Name:
[●]
Address:
[●]
Country 
of 
Incorporation:
[●]
Listed 
on 
the 
following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to trading 
on the 
following 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third country market 
or 
SME 
growth 
market:
[●]] (Delete these items, unless 
Notes are listed on an EEA 
regulated market. Repeat required 
for each Reference Entity unless 
basket has more than 5 Reference 
Entities)
–
Seniority Level:
[[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]] (Insert for Single Name 
CLNs)
[(Insert below table for Basket CLNs)
Reference Entity:
Weighting:
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount:
Level:
[Specify]
[Specify]
[Specify]
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subor
dinated 
Level]

--- Page 396 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
396
[Specify]
[Specify]
[Specify]
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subor
dinated 
Level]
(Repeat rows as necessary)]
(v)
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation[s]:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) below 
only if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of “Reference 
Obligation” is to apply for a Reference Entity where no 
Standard Reference Obligation has been published on or 
prior to the Trade Date.)
(vi)
Reference Obligation[s]:
[Specify Reference Obligation(s)] (For CLNs where 
Standard Reference Obligation is Not Applicable, or is 
Applicable but no Standard Reference Obligation has been 
published on or prior to the Trade Date and the fallback to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is required, insert the 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity)
[–
Additional 
Obligation[s]:
[Specify Additional Obligation(s)] (Only applicable where the 
“Transaction Type” is specified as “Standard Emerging 
European Corporate LPN” for a Reference Entity)]
(vii) Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify]/[As per the Additional 
CLN Conditions]
Transaction Type: [Specify]]
(viii) Obligations:
–
Obligation Category:
[[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation 
Only][Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only)] [As set 
out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)]
–
Obligation 
Characteristics:
[[Not Subordinated]
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Specified Currency” applies)
[Not Sovereign Lender]
[Not Domestic Currency]
[Not Domestic Law]
[Listed]
[Not Domestic Issuance]
[None]
[Select all that apply]]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]

--- Page 397 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
397
–
Excluded Obligation:
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]
–
All Guarantees:
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
(ix)
Deliverable Obligations:
–
Deliverable 
Obligation Category:
[[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations 
Only][Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only)]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
–
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics:
[[Not Subordinated]
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Specified Currency” applies)
[Not Sovereign Lender]
[Not Domestic Currency]
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the 
definition of “Domestic Currency” in the Additional CLN 
Conditions applies)
[Not Domestic Law]
[Listed]
[Not Domestic Issuance]
[Assignable Loan]
[Consent Required Loan]
[Direct Loan Participation]
[Transferable]
[Maximum Maturity [of [●] years (Specify if default is not to 
apply)]]
[Accelerated or Matured]
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply)
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable for each 
Reference Entity other than those determined by reference 
to Obligation Category and Obligation Characteristics]]]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
–
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation:
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
(x)
Outstanding 
Principal 
Balance 
Fallback 
Discounting:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(xi)
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms:
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 398 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
398
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
(xii) Sovereign 
Reference 
Entity No Asset Package 
Delivery:
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
(xiii) Credit Event[(s)]:
[[Bankruptcy]
[Failure to Pay
Payment Requirement: [or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
failure to pay]
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not Applicable]
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Additional CLN 
Conditions]]
[Governmental Intervention]
[Obligation Acceleration]
[Obligation Default]
[Repudiation/Moratorium]
[Restructuring
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable]
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable]
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Select all that apply]]
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Specified Transaction Type (Include where Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms is applicable)]
–
Default Requirement:
[Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]
–
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [Note that the default position 
under the Additional CLN Conditions is for a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to apply. Specify “Not 
Applicable” if otherwise]
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Additional CLN 
Conditions]
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Additional CLN 
Conditions]]
–
Postponement 
Interest:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
[–
Postponement Rate:
[Specify] (Delete line if Postponement Interest is not 
applicable)]
(xiv) Cash Redemption Terms:
[Applicable as Fallback Method][Not Applicable]
–
Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date[(s)]:
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions][Specify]]

--- Page 399 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
399
–
Valuation Time:
[Specify][As per the Additional CLN Conditions]
–
Indicative Quotation:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
–
Quotation Method:
[Specify][As per the Master Conditions]
–
Quotation Dealers:
[Specify][As per the Master Conditions]
–
Accrued Interest:
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued Interest]/[As 
per Additional CLN Condition 7(b)(ii)(C)]
(xv) Credit 
Liquidation 
Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
–
Credit 
Liquidation 
Period:
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]/[Specify]
–
Number 
of 
Quotations:
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions][Specify]] (Delete 
where Credit Linked Notes are not applicable)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISPOSAL AGENT
37
Disposal Agent:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. In addition, the provisions in the Conditions 
relating 
to 
Disposal 
Agent, 
Liquidation, 
Liquidate, 
Liquidated, Liquidating, Liquidation Commencement Notice, 
Liquidation Default, Liquidation Event and/or Relevant 
Payment 
Date, including, without 
limitation, Master 
Conditions 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation 
Event), 11(c) (Disposal Agent Appointment, Termination 
and Replacement)), 13 (Liquidation) and 15(a) (Application 
of Available Proceeds or Affected Class Collateral Proceeds
of Liquidation) shall not apply hereto)
(i)
Disposal Agent:
[Credit Suisse International]/[Specify name and address]
(ii)
Liquidation:
As per Master Conditions
–
Liquidation 
Parameters:
[Not Applicable]/[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify if other]
(iii)
Quotation Dealers:
[As per (Specify if specific Quotation Dealers should be 
used) Master Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)] 
[Specify if other]
(iv)
Disposal Agent Fee:
[Yes]/[No]
(If yes, specify fee)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
38
Form of Notes:
(i)
Bearer or Registered:
[Bearer Notes:
Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]

--- Page 400 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
400
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
[Registered Notes:
[Certificate other than Global Certificates] (where Classes 
apply, specify that separate certificate in respect of each 
Class of Notes)
[Global Certificate [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Global Certificate]]
(ii)
The 
Issuer 
intends 
to 
permit indirect interests in 
the Notes to be held 
through 
the 
CREST 
Depositary Interests to be 
issued through the CREST 
Depositary:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
39
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable]
(When dealing with Bearer Notes, TEFRA C should apply 
unless instructed otherwise.)
40
New Global Note:
[Yes]/[No]
41
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●].]
42
Reference Business Day:
[TARGET]/[TARGET Settlement Day]/[place(s)]
43
Reference 
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]
44
Agents:
(i)
Calculation Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(ii)
Custodian:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]13
(iii)
Disposal Agent:
See paragraph 36(i) above
                                                  
13 The initial Custodian under the Programme is (i) The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, in respect of Notes 
issued by the Luxembourg Issuer and (ii) The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, in respect of Notes issued by the 
Cayman issuer.

--- Page 401 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
401
(iv)
Issuing and Paying Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(v)
Additional Paying Agent(s):
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]]
(vi)
Registrar:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]
(vii) Collateral Administrator:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]/[Not 
Applicable]
(viii) [Transfer Agent(s):
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]]
(ix)
[Listing Agent:
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution]]/[Not 
Applicable]
45
Ratings Downgrade:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(i)
Rating Downgrade Trigger 
for Standard and Poor’s:
[As per Master Condition 11(d)]/[Specify if other]
(ii)
Rating Downgrade Trigger 
for Moody’s:
[As per Master Condition 11(d)]/[Specify if other]
46
Section 871(m):
(CS Legal should be consulted 
where applicable)
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes (without regard 
to any other transactions) should not be treated as 
transactions that are subject to U.S. withholding tax under 
Section 871(m)]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes 
should be treated as transactions that are subject to U.S. 
withholding tax under Section 871(m)]
47
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]]
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or (b) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and 
a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) will be prepared;
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes may 
or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) a KID 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation will not be prepared.)
48
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable [from [●] until [●]]]
((i) “Not Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes
clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or (b) the 
Notes may or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and 
a KID required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) will be prepared;
(ii) “Applicable” should be specified where (a) the Notes may 
or clearly do constitute “packaged” products and (b) a KID 
required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation will not be prepared.)
49
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland:
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during [the 
Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] [●] until 
[●]]]
[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 402 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
402
[Swiss KID Compliant Sales 
Period:
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until 
[specify date][[the date which falls [●] Reference Business 
Days after] the Issue Date]]]
50
Swiss Non-exempt Offer:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 49.)
[Swiss Offer Period:
[specify date] until [specify date]]
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 
63(5) 
of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance 
(FinSO):
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is triggered 
during the Swiss Offer Period, investors who have already 
subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes 
before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the publication 
of such supplement regardless of whether the Swiss Offer 
Period closes prior to the expiry of such two day period.]
[Not Applicable]]
(Specify as applicable and tailor as appropriate where the 
Series Prospectus is filed and deposited with SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland.)
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus for Swiss Non-
exempt Offers:
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] [Credit Suisse 
International]
(Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary to be 
fulfilled so as to be able to make a Swiss Non-exempt Offer. 
No such offer should be made until those requirements have 
been met.)
DISTRIBUTION
51
(i)
If syndicated, names of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s)]
(ii)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):
Not Applicable
52
If non-syndicated, 
name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name]

--- Page 403 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
403
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING:
Listing and admission to trading:
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on [the Global 
Exchange Market]/[the Regulated Market.]] / 
[Application has been made to [●] (specific other 
market) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list 
and trading on [●] (specific other market)] / [The 
Notes will not be listed.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
(Only include where the Notes are being listed)
2
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:]
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 2. If conflicts have been discussed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were 
disclosed.)
3
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES:]
(i)
[Reasons for the offer
[●]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus/Programme Memorandum – if reasons 
for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks, include those reasons here.)]
(ii)
[Estimated net proceeds:
[●]]
(iii)
[Estimated total expenses:
[●]]
4
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]
5
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
[Swiss Security Number:
[●]]
[WKN:
[●]]
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s):
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.]
[CREST]

--- Page 404 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF ISSUE TERMS OF AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT
404
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]]
Delivery:
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes]/[No]
[Note that the designation “yes” means simply that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] (Include this text if “yes” selected, in which case 
Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form)]
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Issue Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)](include this text for registered notes). 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (Include this text if “no” is selected)]

--- Page 405 ---
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX
405
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS –
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX
This Schedule highlights selected elections made in the Credit Support Annex forming part of the Swap 
Agreement. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the detailed provisions of the Credit 
Support Annex.
Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, a [●] valuation will be performed by the Swap Counterparty 
(in its capacity as Valuation Agent) as to the Exposure (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) under the 
Swap Agreement, whereupon (subject to certain thresholds being met, as set out below) a party may be 
required to transfer Eligible Credit Support (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) to the other party as 
credit support in order to collateralise any such Exposure. Such Eligible Credit Support may, at the option 
of the Swap Counterparty where it is required to transfer the same to the Issuer, comprise [●].
The Valuation Percentage (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) for [Eligible Credit Support transferred 
as credit support is [●] per cent.]. This means that the minimum value of Eligible Credit Support required 
to be transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer will be [greater][less] than the corresponding 
Exposure of the Issuer (at around [●] per cent.).
The amount of credit support required to be transferred by the Transferor (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) under the Credit Support Annex in respect of a Valuation Date (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) will depend on the Transferee’s Exposure to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement and the 
value of any existing Credit Support Balance (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) held by the 
Transferee, as determined by the Swap Counterparty (in its capacity as Valuation Agent) in accordance 
with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.
All valuations will be by reference to the Base Currency under the Credit Support Annex, being [●].
To the extent that the value of any existing Credit Support Balance held by a party exceeds that party’s 
Exposure to the other party, then such party may be obliged to return any excess credit support to the 
other party in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.]
(Amend as necessary or delete this Schedule 1 to the Issue Terms if Credit Support Annex is Not 
Applicable)

--- Page 406 ---
Registered Office of the Luxembourg Issuer
Registered Office of the Cayman Issuer
Argentum Capital S.A.
5, Heienhaff
L-1736 Senningerberg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Ascent Finance Limited
c/o Intertrust SPV (Cayman) Limited
One Nexus Way
Camana Bay, Grand Cayman
KY1-9005
Cayman Islands
Trustee
Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Collateral Administrator
Registrar and Transfer Agent
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street
London EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
The Bank of New York Mellon acting 
through its London Branch
160 Queen Victoria Street
London EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
Vertigo Building – Polaris
L-2453 Luxembourg
Custodian and Paying Agent
(in respect of the Luxembourg Issuer only)
Custodian
(in respect of the Cayman Issuer only)
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
Vertigo Building – Polaris
L-2453 Luxembourg
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its 
London Branch
160 Queen Victoria Street
London EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
Arranger, Dealer, Disposal Agent and Calculation Agent
Credit Suisse International
One Cabot Square
London E14 4QJ
United Kingdom
Swap Counterparties
Credit Suisse International
One Cabot Square
London E14 4QJ
United Kingdom
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its 
London Branch
One Cabot Square
London E14 4QJ
United Kingdom
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its 
Singapore Branch
1 Raffles Link
#03-01 One Raffles Link
Singapore (039393)
LEGAL ADVISERS
to Credit Suisse International
in respect of English law
to Credit Suisse International
in respect of Luxembourg law
Linklaters LLP
1 Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
Linklaters LLP
35 Avenue John F. Kennedy
Luxembourg L-1855
Luxembourg

--- Page 407 ---
to the Cayman Issuer 
in respect of Cayman Islands law
to the Trustee 
in respect of English law
Ogier
11/F Central Tower
28 Queen’s Road Central Central
Hong Kong
Linklaters LLP
1 Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
Irish Listing Agent
in the case of Notes issued by the Luxembourg Issuer admitted to the Official List
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP
75 St. Stephen’s Green
Dublin 2
Ireland
A50640638